12. you see! The throbbers treat things as their own, such as fish in a little
    water that is depleted,

After seeing this, I should also do nothing: not being a follower in there.

"Look! The throbbing bears things as their own": "I do", there are two kinds of
things I do: I do the [because of] the thirst, which I do with the [cause] see.
What is thirsty love I do? All are called as boundaries, as realms, as bounds,
bounds, clutched, taken as their own: This is mine, this is mine, so much is
mine, so much is mine, this is mine, so much is mine, and this is The range is
mine; my color, voice, smell, taste, touching, spreading things, coats, maid and
maid, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephant, cattle and horses, mule
horses, fields, homes, gold, gold, gold coins, Villages, towns, kings, places,
warehouses, warehouses, all the earth, because of thirst for love and treat them
as their own, all one hundred and eight kinds of thirsty love tide [AN.4.199],
this is my thirst love Performs.

What is seeing what I'm doing? There are twenty personal opinions, ten
wickedness, ten sidelines, and ten sidelines, such as such see, evil opinion,
jungle, desert, distorted, shaken, bound, seppling, acceptance, Hold, perform,
clamp, upside down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside
down (vipallƒÅsa) ) Clenchment of the wicked, the clasping of evil, "[seen] as
true in non-true" clenched, all came to the place of 62 evil views, thisSee what
I do. "Look! The throbbers treat things as their own": "They are throbbing when
they are robbed, when they are robbed, when robbed, they also throb when they
have been robbed; being treated as their own fear becomes easy When they are
throbbing, they also throb when they become easy, and when they have become
easy, they also throb, strong throbbing, throbbing completely, expand throbbing,
trembling, trembling, trembling, big trembling, so, when throbbing, strong
throbbing, completely When you expand throbbing, trembling, trembling,
trembling, and trembling, behold, see you, see you, watch, and observe. For you
guys to see! The throbbers treat things as their own.

"If fish are in a little water that is depleted": "If fish are in a little
water, little water, water depleted by crows or eagles or cranes attacked,
raised, eaten, they throbbed, strong throbbing, completely throbbing, expanding
Throbbing, trembling, trembling, trembling Similarly, people (generations) are
treated as their own fears of being robbed, when they are robbed, when they are
robbed, when they have been robbed, and when they are taken; when fears become
their own things become easy. Throbbing, they also throb when it becomes easy,
and when it becomes easy they also throb, strong throbbing, throbbing
completely, expanding throbbing, trembling, trembling, trembling, trembling. For
such as fish in a little water that is depleted.

"I should do nothing after seeing this": 'This oversuffering: after I have seen
him, after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, judging, after division, and
after figuring it out. ' After seeing this. There are two kinds of things I do:
[because of] the thirst of love I do with me, which I have seen. ... This is
what I do with thirsty love... This is what I see. After giving off my thirst
and love; after the discerning of what I do, he [holds] not eyes as his own;
does not take ears as his own; does not take the nose as his own; does not treat
tongue as his own; does not treat himself as his own Do not think of their own;
all colors... sounds... smells... all tastes... all touches... family... groups
(public)... shelter... reputation... praise... music... Clothes... food...
shelter... patient's needs and medical necessities... desires... color
circles... colorless... want to have... colorless... I want to have... ... one
has... four has... five... the past... the future... now... does not see, smell,
feel, can be known as his own, he [keep] not holding, not practicing, not
persisting He should do, should live, should act, should turn, should guard,
should make survival, should make survival." In order to see this, I should do
nothing.

"Not in there as a follower": "In there", in the middle of desire, in color, in
colorless. Persistent is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium)
greed, greedy, bad roots. "Do not be a beloved in there": "In there - obsession
- not author; willed, love, greedy, like the unauthor, the person who does not
  make it born, not born, not born, not born." To be a follower who is not in
  there.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Look! The throbbers treat things as their own, such as fish in a little water
that is depleted,

And after seeing this, I should do nothing: not a follower in there."

13. on both sides of the revolt after the desire, all known after the touch of
    lush

Whoever rebukes himself, he does not perform it, and the wise is not
contaminated in what he saw and smell (Ceylon Edition).

"On both sides": "side", touch as one side, touch set for the second side; the
past is one side, the future is the second side; pleasure as one side, suffer
for the second side; named side, color for the second side; six inside On one
side, the six outside is the second side; there is a body, and a body set as the
second. "Wills", which are the wills of the desire, greed, joy of desire, thirst
love, the desire of love, the taking of desire, the scorching heat of desire,
the obsession of desire, the flow of desire, the yoke of desire, the yoke of
desire, the execution of desire, Desire will cover. "On both sides": "The desire
on both sides shall be revolved, he should be expelled, should be cut off,
should be discarded, should end, and should make it to absent." For after
revolting on both sides.

"Known after the touch of greedy": "Touch", eye touch, ear touch, nose touch,
tongue touch, touch, touch, name touch, have a pair of touch [DN.15], can feel
the touch of joy, can feel the touch of suffering, can feel not Bitter touch,
good touch, bad touch, no touch, want to touch the situation, color of the
situation touch, colorless, air touch, no touch, no touch, no touch, world
touch, outWorld touch, past touch, future touch, present touch, where such
touch, touch, touch, completely touched, touched state, this is called touch.

"Known after the touch", in three widely known after the touch: known, measured,
disconnected. What is known? "Know Touch: This is the eye touch, this is the ear
touch, this is the nose touch, this is the touch of tongue, this is touch, this
is the touch, this is the touch of the name, this is the touch of the touch,
which is able to feel the touch of pleasure, this is the touch that can feel the
pain Feel not bitter touch, this is good touch, this is bad touch, this is no
touch, this is the desire of the situation touch, this is the color of the
touch, this is colorless touch, this is no touch, this is no touch, this is
unwilling to touch, This is the touch of the world, this is the touch of the
world, this is the touch of the past, this is the touch of the future, and this
is He knew and saw it, and it was known.

What is Measurement Known? And after such knowledge, touching him is
invulnerable, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, woe, sickness, on the other side, the
spoilt, calamity, evil, terror, evil, evil, terror, evil, the moving, vulnerable
, not solid, no refuge, no refuge, no return [, no return], reluctant,
hypocritical, empty, without me, overly, prone, false, unfortunate root,
murderer, none, there Trouble, promising, magic food (bait), old disease law,
death, grief and sorrow despair law, pollution law, he makes it measure is to
gather, destroy, taste, overkill, too sick, out, this is a measure of all known.

What is disconnection? And after this measure, the desire of the touch is cut
off, discarded, and ended, and made it to be absent. This is said by Worldman,
"The Bichu And whosoever is about the desire and greed of the touch shall be cut
off, so that it shall be cut off, and the root shall be cut off, like a palm
tree without roots, into a non-living thing for the future. [SN.22.25] 'This is
disconnected all over the world. "Known after the touch", to these three widely
known after the touch. "Unaccompanied greed", greedy is called thirsty love,
that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. Whosoever for him is
cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, and burned by a
fire of wisdom, he is called no covenant, and he does not seek in color; he does
not seek in the voice; The smell is not greedy; in taste is not greedy; in the
touch is not greedy; at home... in groups (public)... in dwellings... in the
interest... in reputation... in praise... Music... in clothes... in group
food... in the shelter... in the patient's needs and medical necessities, in the
world of desire... in color... on the color... on the desires... on the
desires... in Color has on... on colorless... in the past... in the past... in
the future... In the present... the ways in which you see, heard, feel, can be
known are not coed, not bound, not obsessed, sinless, away from the greedy, the
one who has abandoned it, has been excluded. Seeking, freed from greed, those
who have dismissed it, those who have dismissed it, those who have gone away
from greedy, no greedy, who have abandoned greed, have been ruled out, freed
from greedy, has dismissed the greedy, the The one that is extinguished, and has
become cool, and feel joy, dwelt himself for the bereaved. For all known after
the touch of greedy.

"Whosoever rebukes himself does not do it": "Whosoever is all." "Rebuke
Yourself," rebuke yourself for two reasons: what was done and what was not done.
What is he rebuked himself for what was done and what was not done? "The evil
deeds that I have done, not by me." He rebuked himself, "I did evil, and did not
do good by my words." He rebuked himself, "The evil deeds which I did, and did
not do good by what I did." He rebuked himself; for what I did to kill, not by
which I did. He rebuked himself, 'Being taken not given by what I did, and not
by what I did not give. ' He rebuked himself: 'The evil of which I did, and
which I did not quit wickedness. ' He rebuked himself: "I have made the false
words, and I have not forbened them." He rebuked himself: "I have made the
disguise, and I have not been forbent from it." He rebuked himself: "The crude
evil words which I made, which I made, have not been abused by me." He rebuked
himself: "The unclean words which I made, and the unholy words which I made were
not absent." He rebuked himself: "Greed by me, not greed by me." He rebuked
himself, "The evil which I did, and not I did without evil." He rebuked himself;
'The evil that I made, did notI made the positive view. He rebukes himself, so
that he rebukes himself for what was done and what was not done. Or, 'I'm not
all branches on my ring. ' He rebuked himself, 'I am not a guardian of the root.
' He rebuked himself, 'I'm not the right amount of diet. ' He rebuked himself,
'I am not a sober man. ' He rebuked himself, 'I am not a man of reading and
righteousness. ' He rebuked himself, 'Four thoughts were not practiced by me. '
He rebuked himself, 'Four is not practiced by me. ' He rebuked himself, 'The
four gods were not practiced by me. ' He rebuked himself, 'Five were not
practiced by me. ' He rebuked himself, 'Five forces were not practiced by me. '
He rebuked himself, 'Seven feusions were not practiced by me. ' He rebuked
himself, 'Eight sacred paths were not practiced by me. ' He rebuked himself,
'Suffering is not known to me. ' He rebuked himself, 'The set was not cut off by
me. ' He rebuked himself, 'The way was not practiced by me. ' He rebuked
himself, 'I have not testified. ' He rebukes himself, so he rebukes himself for
what was done and what was not done, so he rebuked his own heritage for not
performing, not born, not born, not born, not born, not born." He does not
perform it for whosoever rebukes himself. "The wise ones are not contaminated in
what they see and smell": "There are two kinds of adhesion: [because] the
adhesion of love [because] and [because] see... (medium) This is the adhesion of
thirsty love... Adhesive. "Wise" is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the
different, the wise, the wise, the wise, after giving off the adhesion of his
thirst, after the adhesion of the discernment, shall not be contaminated in
sight; not contaminated in what they smell; in Feel not contaminated; in the
sense of non-pollution, not strong pollution, not close (no pollution), no
pollution, no pollution, no strong pollution, no close pollution. He has
departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound, and he dwelt away from the
restrained heart. The wise ones are not contaminated in what they see and smell.

Because then, Worldman said:

"On both sides of the revolt, they know that they have no desire behind the
touch,

Whoever rebukes himself, he does not perform it, and the wise is not
contaminated in what he saw and smell (Ceylon version)."

14. know that after trying to get more plunge, in all things Muni is not
    polluted,

Unleashed the thorn arrows, unleasing, do not want this world and the other.

"Knowing that you can get more riot after thinking": ""Think", there is a
desire, malicious thought, bad thought, no malicious thought, no harm, color
thought, sound thought, smell, taste, thought, thought, thought, thought, all
like This state of thinking, cognition, is known as thinking. "Known after
thinking", there are three kinds of widely known: known, measured, disconnected.

What is known? You know, "This is thinking, this is bad thought, this is bad
thinking, this is no bad thought, this is no harm, this is no harm, this is the
idea of color, this is the sound thought, this is the smell, this is the taste
thought, this is what it is. Thinking„ÄÅThis is the idea„ÄÇ' He knew and saw it,
and it was known.

What is Measurement Known? "When he has been known so, he should measure it to
be immutable, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, woe, sickness, on the other side, the
spoilt, calamity, evil, evil, terror, evil, the moving, easy Bad... (Medium) He
made it measured by gathering, exterminating, fun, oversuffering, and departing.
This is the measurement is well known.

What is disconnection? When measured in this way, about desire, greed him off,
departs, [to end,] to make it non-existent. For this is said by the Worldmen,
"The Bichu And whosoever is about desire and greed, you shall be cut off, so
that it shall be cut off, and the root is cut off, like a palm tree without
roots, into a non-living thing for the future." [SN.22.25] This is cut off all
over. "Knowing after thinking", these three kinds of know all over the thought.
"The more the torrents", the torrents of desire, some of them, the torrents
seen, the outflow of unknown, he can pass, can pass, can pass, can overcome."
For all to think can be more torrents.

"There are two types of belongings: [for] the thirst of everything and the
[because] all things seen... (medium) This is the thirst loving thing... (cr.)
This is the thirst loving thing... See all things. "Muni", "Mune is called
wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insane, choice of method,
positive view, with that wisdom for Mune, to Mune." There are three types of
Muni bits (perfect virtue): Muni-bit, Muni-language, imuni bit.

What is a Muni-bit? Three kinds of evil deeds to be the Muni; three kinds of
good deeds are the Muni; in the body of wisdom as the Muni; the body is known as
the Muni; andThe road is the Muni bit; about the desire and greedy to be a Muni
position; the fourth Zen of the [income] extinction of the fourth Zen to be the
Muni bit, this is the Muni bit.

What is the language Muni bit? The four words of evil deeds are the word Muni
bit; four languages of good deeds; in the language of wisdom is the language of
the Muni bit; the word is known as the muni bit; and the word is the muni bit;
about the desire and greed The break is the word Muni bit; the word line [seek
servo] extinguish the second Zen and so on to the word Muni, this is the
language of the

What is Imuni Bit? Three kinds of evil deeds are cut off for Munii; Three kinds
of good deeds imony; in the heart of the wisdom of the Munii position; the heart
is known as Munii position; and all know the way to Muni; About the desire and
greedy of the heart The disconnection is meant to be the Muni; the desire of the
heart of extinction is imuni, this is the imuni.

"Muni, language Muni, Yimuni for no worries,

Munies had a foot in the place of Munies, and they said they were all the

Muni, language Muni, Yimuni for no worries,

Muni is full of the place of Muni, and they say that evil is cleansed.

Six types of Munii have these three methods: "Munii at home, homeless muni,
learning Muni, no school Muni, no school Muni, and Muni [of the] Muni." Which
are at home Muni? Those who saw the footsteps, and had known the commandments in
their families, these were in the house of Muni. Which are homeless Muni? These
are homeless Munies who see their footsteps and who have known the commandments.
Seven kinds of learning to learn Munii, Arrohan for no school Muni, Buddha for a
pig Muni, Muni [in] Muni is known as Rulaii, Alohan, all the positive feeling.

"Not to Mune (silence) as a Mune, an unwise man of disshape,

After lifting the scale, take the top and become a wise person.

Avoiding the evil, that Muni became Munie because of that.

Whosoever understands both [inside and outside] in the world, because that is
said to be Muni.

Knowing the law of the bad and the good in all the world, both inside and
outside,

He is Muni after being fed by heaven and man, and beyond the dyed net."

There are two kinds of adhesion: [because of] love adhesion and [because] see
adhesion... (medium) This is the adhesion of thirsty love... (medium) This is
the sticking of see. Munier's thirst after the adhesion of love, after the
disbelief of the adhesion, in all objects is not contaminated, not strong, not
closely contaminated, has not been polluted, has not been polluted, has not been
closely contaminated. He has departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound,
and he dwelt away from the restrained heart. For all things Muni is not
polluted.

"Thorn arrows have been unleaved": "Thorn Arrows", "There are seven kinds of
thorn arrows: Thorn Arrows, Thorn Arrows, Slow Thorn Arrows, Slow Thorn Arrows,
Doubt Thorn Arrows. Whoever for him these thorns are cut off, severed, calmed,
stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire, he is known as the
Thorn Unpulled, the Thorn has been pulled out, the stabbed has been pulled out,
Arrows, Stabbbers Removed, Stabbinger Removed, Abandoned Thorn, Excluded
Stabbinger, Unstabbed Arrows, Arrows Disconnected, Stabbinger Dismissed,
Unhungry, Cooled For those who feel joy, live with himself as the bereaved of
Van. Unplugged the Arrows.

"Passer", when you go, live, act, turn up, while guarding, make survival, make
survival. "Uncomfortable" is a respectful author, a regular author, a nonstop
author, a person who has not been adhered to, who does not overlook his will,
and do not neglect the responsibility in good law; "How can I complete the
unfinished confinement, Or can the completed wreaver be funded everywhere?"
Where he has the will, refinement, valor, hard, diligent, reckless, mindfulness,
enthusiasm, diligent, establish, practice, do not relax in good law; "How can I
complete the unfinished destinations, or what has been done? Can you fund with
Hui everywhere? ... (Medium) in good law [not relax]; how I can complete the
unfinished wisdom... "How can I complete the unfinished liberation of wisdom, or
the completed emancipation of wisdom can be everywhere Funding? Whosoever has
the will, refinement, courage, hard work, reckless, mindfulness, zealous,
diligent, established, practiced, not to relax in good law; "How can I know the
untold bitterness, or be able to dismiss the uninterrupted Contamination, can
practise an unlearned path, or testify against the destruction of the
untestified? Whosoever is there will, refinement, courage, hard work, do not
want, reckless, mindfulness, zealous, diligent, established, practiced, and does
not relax in good law." For the stabbing arrows, unleasing the Parker.

"Do not want this world with the other": "He does not want this world: his own
state, not other worlds: the state of others. Do not want this world: their own
color, by, want, do, do, know, do not want other worlds: other people's color,
subject, want, do, know. Do not want this world: the six inside, not the other
world: six outside. Do not ask for this world: the world of men, not other
worlds: the world of heaven. Do not want this world: desire, do not want other
worlds: color, no color. Do not want this world: desire circles, color
boundaries, do not want other worlds: no color. Again the fun, or the past, or
born, or there (being), or reincarnation, or rotation he does not want, does not
want, does not accept, does not pray, does not pray, does not pray." For not
wanting this world with the other.

Because then, Worldman said:

"We all know that after the more plunge, in all things Muni will not be
polluted,

The stabbed arrows have been pulled out of the unleased, and did not desire this
world and the other.

The cave eight sets of instructions for the second [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. who wants (expectation/want) stuck in the cave (body) in a distance away.

2. Not relied from others ‚áí Yolai is just a guide (MA.144).

3. life is short, not two hearts combined to live, such as lightning in the air,
   they are born and dissipated.

4. The throbblers treat things as their own, such as fish in a little water that
   is depleted, the wise man is not contaminated in what he sees and smells.

12/10/2020 16:23

