### 2. Explanation of the octad on the cave

7. Stuck in the cave, covered by many (defilements), sunk in foolishness,
That kind of person is far away (from seclusion??), because desires in the world
   are not easy to give up.

"In the cave, covered by many": "It is called "ka", but only those caves can be
said (??). The cave is called the body, "body" or "cave" or "body" or
"accumulation" or "boat" or "cart" or "flag" or "anthill" or "castle" or "nest"
or "hut" or "tumor" or "urn" (or "dragon elephant"), these are bodies, which are
synonyms for "stuck in the cave"; in the cave he is stuck, entangled, suspended,
attached, fixed, obstructed, such as stuck or entangled by a tumor, on a wall
pile or wall hook, suspended, attached, fixed, and obstructed. Similarly, in the
cave he is stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, and obstructed. This is
said by the World Blessed One: [SN.23.2, SN.23.3]

Luo Tuo! All the desires, greed, joy, thirst, love, clinging, attachment,
holding, potential tendency of troubles, clinging there, and strong clinging
there, are called "beings"; Luo Tuo! Where to receive (in the subject??)...
(omitted), Luo Tuo! Anyone thinking about..., Luo Tuo! Wherever you go..., Luo
Tuo! Anyone who has the desire, greed, joy, ..., is called "all beings".
"Sentient beings (stuck)" is a synonym for "adhesion" which means stuck in the
cave. "Covered by many comprehensively", covered by many pollutions, covered by
greed, ...hatred, delusion, anger, resentment, hidden evil, tyranny, jealousy,
stinginess, fraud, cunning, stubbornness, passion, sloth, extreme sloth, torpor,
indulgence; covered by all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all
scorching heat, all irritations, covered by all bad practices, expanded
coverage, upper coverage, obstruction (blocking), enveloping, obstructing,
closing (covering), covering. " Stuck in the cave and covered by many.

"The person who stays has sunk in ignorance": "When people stay, the greedy
person stays because of greed; the angry person stays because of anger; the
foolish person stays because of ignorance; the tied (bonded) person stays
because of slowness; the clinging person stays because of seeing; the person who
comes to the chaos (being scattered) stays because of demotion (??); the person
who does not come to the conclusion stays because of doubt; the person who comes
to the fortitude stays because of the potential trend of troubles, this is the
staying person.

This was said by the Lord: "Monks! There are forms that can be recognized by the
eye, that are desirable, lovely, desirable, attractive, accommodating, and
accompanied by greed. If the bhikkhus are happy, welcome, continue (stay) hold
it(??)... Bhikkhus! There is a sound that can be recognized by the ear..., smell
that can be recognized by the nose..., taste that can be recognized by the
tongue..., touch that can be known by the body..., (dhamma) that can be known by
the consciousness, which makes people desire; if the bhikkhu rejoices,
welcomes.... [SN.35.98]" This is also a staying person.

This was said by the Lord: "Monks! When knowing the stand (stay), stand on the
form of climbing, the form of object, the form of standing, and the joyful
sprinkling of it, you can grow and expand. Bhikkhus! ... The feeling that is
climbing..., the thinking that is climbing.... [SN.22.53]" This is also a
staying person.

This was said by the Lord: "Monks! If there is greed, joy, and thirst in
material food, so consciousness establishes and grows; where consciousness
establishes and grows, so there is the birth of name and form; where there is
the birth of name and form, so there are deeds; where there is the growth of the
deeds, so there is the birth of future rebirth; where there is the birth of
future rebirth, so there is future birth, aging, and death; where there are
future birth, aging, and death, Bhikkhus! I say: "There is sadness, sorrow, and
despair." [SN.12.64] "This is also a person who stays.

"Monks! If in touching.... Monks! If on the meaning of food.... Bhikkhus! If
there is greed, joy, and thirst in knowledge and food..., "There is sadness,
sorrow, and despair." [SN.12.64] "This is also a person who stays.

"Sinking in foolishness", foolishness is called the five desires: the form which
can be recognized by the eye, desirable, lovely, agreeable, attractive-looking,
accompanied by desires, and greed for form; sound..., smell..., taste...,
touch.... Why is foolishness called the five desires? Most days, people become
foolish, ignorant, and confused in the five desires, becoming foolish, ignorant,
and confused, using hindered (blocked), enveloped, obstructed, closed, covered,
hidden; for that reason, foolishness is called the five desires. "Sink in the
foolishness," sinking, entering, sneaking into, and falling into the
foolishness. The person who stayed has sunk in foolishness.

"For someone like that, he is really far away": ""Far away", there are three
types of distance: body distance, heart distance, and clinging distance. What is
body distance? Here, monks live close and alone: in the woods, under the trees,
in mountains, caves, cemeteries, forests, open fields, straw piles, living far
away with the body [Living away from the body-Ni.14, 150], he walks alone,
stands alone, sits alone, lies alone, enters the village alone for alms,
returning alone, sitting alone in a quiet place, alone performing prayers,
walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, sustaining, and living alone, is to
be away with the body.

What is the mind (heart) away? The mind of the person who enters the first jhana
has moved away from the covers, the mind of the person who has entered the
second jhana has been separated from the search and service, the heart of the
person who has entered the third jhana has been separated from happiness, the
heart of the person who has entered the fourth jhana has been separated from
happiness and suffering, the mind of the person who has entered the void and
boundlessness has already thought about things, the opposite, and all kinds of
desires to be far away, the heart of the person who has entered the
boundlessness of consciousness has wanted to be far away from the void and
boundlessness, and the mind of the person who has entered nowhere has thought
from the boundlessness of consciousness to stay away, to enter the mind of the
person who has no thoughts, and wants to stay away from nothing. The mind of the
Sudhahuan (stream enterer) person has changed from seeing, suspicious,
forbidden, seeing the potential trend of defilement, the potential trend of
doubt defilement, and the same. The pollution of existence is far away. The
heart of the one who has come has changed from the rough desire and greed knot,
the disgust knot, the latent tendency of the rough desire, greed and trouble,
the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution of the same
existence. The remaining knots of desire and greed, disgust, from the remaining
potential trends of desire, greed, disgust, and the pollution that exist with
them, the Arahant's heart has changed from formless greed, slowness,
abandonment, ignorance, and slow trouble potential, the tendency, the latent
tendency of greed and defilements, the latent tendency of ignorance defilements,
and the pollution that coexists with and the distance from the outside and
everything. This is the distance from the mind.

What is keeping (clinging) away? Relying on (the known??) is called pollution
and various aggregates and various works; relying on distance is called
immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all
dependence, the extinction of craving, greed, extinguishment, and Nibbana. This
is to stay away. The distance of the body belongs to the continuous separation
of the body and the willingness to leave the desire; the distance of the mind
belongs to the purity of the heart and the highest purity; the separation of the
clinging belongs to the unattached person, who comes to the liberation.

"He is indeed far away", where he is stuck in the cave, so covered by so many,
so sunken in foolishness, he is far away from the body; also far away from the
heart; also relying on (??) far away away, very far away, not near; at the place
being pulled away. "Like that kind of person", like that, belong to that
dwelling, that kind, similar to that, the one who has sunk in foolishness. "For
someone like that, he is indeed far away.

"Because it is not easy to give up the desires in the world": "Desire",
there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of
pollution. What are the desires of things? ...(omitted, see previous sections).

What is the desire for pollution? ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Seeing those roots of desire, knowing you to be produced by thought,
I will not think of you, so desire will not exist. "[Jat.8.421]

These are called the desire for pollution. "In the world": ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Because it is really not easy to give up the world of
desire": "Because in the world of desire it is hard to give up, hard to
disconnect, hard to break (conquer), hard to untie, hard to unravel, hard to
release, difficult to escape, difficult to overcome, difficult to take off, and
difficult to pass." It is indeed not easy to give up desires in the world.

8. Being bound by the pleasure of having what they want, they are hard to get
   rid of because there is no freedom from other people,
Looking forward to later or even back to the past, they look forward to these
   desires or those of the past.

"Being bound by the pleasure of having because of wanting": "Want is called
craving, that is greed..., unwholesome roots. "With the cause of wanting", "with
wanting as the cause, wanting as the reason, wanting as the condition, wanting
as  the root cause." By reason of wanting.

"Be bound by the happiness", one kind of happiness: happiness; two kinds of
happiness: happiness and satisfying things; three kinds of happiness: youth,
freedom from disease, and life; four kinds of happiness: gain, fame,
appreciation, and peace (happiness); there are five kinds of happiness:
desirable form, desirable sound, desirable smell, desirable taste, desirable
touch; six kinds: of the eyes, ears, nose,, tongue, body, mind. To be bound by
the pleasure of happiness: bound by the joy of pleasure, bound by the
satisfaction, bound by the youth, bound by the freedom from disease, bound by
the life, bound by the profit, bound by the reputation, to be bound to
admiration, to be bound to comfort; to be tied to the desired form, to sound,
smell, taste, touch; to the eye, ear, nose, tongue, and body; bound, tied
(tightened), attached, fixed, obstructed. "Being bound by the pleasure of having
the reason for wanting."

"They are hard to get rid of because they are not freed by others": "They are
hard to get rid of things with pleasure, or all beings are difficult to relieve.
How is it difficult for them to relieve pleasure in things? Pleasure is
hard to get rid of, satisfying things are hard to get rid of, youth is hard to
get rid of, ...; difficult to break away, difficult to dissolve, difficult to
release, difficult to unlock, difficult to overcome, difficult to pass. In this
way, it is difficult for them to get rid of things with pleasure.

How is it that beings are difficult to relieve here? It is difficult for
sentient beings to get rid of pleasure, for sentient beings to be released from
satisfying things, for sentient beings to be released from youth, ...; it's hard
to pull out, it's hard to pull out completely, it's hard to rise, it's hard to
rise completely, difficult to unlock, difficult to release..., difficult to
pass. Hence 'sentient beings are difficult to relieve'.

"Because they are not free by other people", those who fell into the mud
themselves cannot pull out the others who fell into the mud. This was said by
the Lord: "Chunta! "I am the one who is in the quagmire and will pull out the
others in the quagmire." This is impossible. Chunta! "Oneself is an unregulated,
untrained, and non-Nibbana one, and will make others tune, train, and attain
Nibbana." This is impossible. [MN.8]" One is not freed by other people.

Or, you don't have any other liberators; those who  can be liberated, use their
own power (fortitude), with their own strength, with their own vitality, with
their own efforts (brave), with their own forces, with their own strength, with
their own human power, with their own human vitality, with their own human
efforts, with their own correct way, following the way, the non-opposite way,
according to the right way, and the way according to the Dhamma, they can be
liberated when they practice, This is also 'you are not freed by other people'.

This is also said by the Blessed One: [Ni.22]
"I will not be able to liberate myself: Dudag! Anyone who doubts in the world,
When they know the best way, then they will get through this storm."
This is also because of not being free from other people.

This is also said by the Blessed One: [Dph.12, 165]
"He has done evil, he is polluted,
He who does do not do evil, he comes pure,
Purity and impurity are separate, one cannot make the other pure."
This is also not being freed by other people.

This was also said by the Blessed One: "Similarly, Brahman! Nibbana stays and
stands, which leads to the way of Nibbana stays and stands (??). My persuasion
stays and stands. However, when my disciples are taught and admonished in this
way, some of them reach the ultimate end of Nibbana, and some do not reach,
Brahmin! What can I do here? Brahman! The Tathagata is the guide. [MN.107] The
Buddha only told (directed) the way, and when they practice it by themselves,
they could be free. "This is also 'you are not free from other people'. "It is
difficult for them to get rid of because they are not freed by other people.

"Looking forward to later, or even to the past": "Later is called the future,
and the past is called the past. In addition, after clinging to the past, the
future and the present are behind; after clinging to the future, the past and
the present are in front. How is it to look forward to the past? "I had such a
color (form??) in the past" to find joy there [MN.132]; "I had such feelings in
the past..., I had such thoughts in the past..., I had this kind of behavior in
the past..., I had this kind of knowledge in the past." Looking for joy there,
this is to look forward to the past.

Or, "My eyes were like that, and my (perceived??) forms were like that. "There,
consciousness is bound by desire and greed; when consciousness is bound by
desire and greed, it rejoices; when it is rejoiced, this is also an expectation
of the past. "My ears were like that, and my voice was like that." ..., "my
nose..., smell..."..., "...tongue, ...taste"..., "...body, ...touch"...,
"mind..., dhammas".... "There, consciousness is bound by desire and greed; when
consciousness is bound by desire and greed, it rejoices; when it rejoiced
[MN.133], this is also an expectation from the past.

Or, whoever laughed, talked, and played with women before, he enjoys it, desires
it, and comes to happiness because of it [AN.7.50], which is also looking
forward to the past.

How is it to look forward to later? "I will look like this in the future.
Looking for joy there, "I will have this feeling in the future. ...I will think
so in the future. ...I will do this in the future. ...I will have this knowledge
in the future. Looking for joy there, this is to look forward to later.

Or, "My eyes will be like that in the future, and my forms will be like that.
"Have hope of the unobtained heart, and rejoice in the hope of the heart; when
you rejoice in it, this is the expectation for later. "My ears....".... "Hope of
the unobtained heart ..., this is also the expectation for later.

Or, "I will become the heaven, or one of the heavens, with this virtue,
prohibition, asceticism, and Brahma. " Hope of the unobtained heart.... To look
forward to later or even to the past.

"Waiting for these desires or to the past": ""In these desires", in the present
five desires, wanting, receiving, aspiring, longing, and praying. "Or to the
past, looking eagerly", eagerly looking forward to, begging for, and begging on
the past five desires." To look forward to these desires or to the past.

9. Those who are greedy and enthusiastic in desire are ignorant, and those who
   are stingy are fixed on the wrong,
When suffering results, they weep: Where will we be after we die from here?

"Those who are greedy and passionate in desire are ignorant": ""Desire", "There
are two kinds of desires... Craving is called craving, which is greed.... Greed,
craving, and being tied to the desire of things with the desire of pollution
knot, being fascinated, tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed." Craving in
desire.

"Enthusiasts", whoever seeks, searches, and asks all over the desires, this
character, the more, the heavy, the target, the hardworking, the inclined, and
the overcomer, those who increase, they are passionate ones. Anyone who seeks,
searches, and asks in all forms..., ..sounds..., smells, tastes, touches....
Those who focus on that, those who take that as the object, those who work hard,
those who incline toward them, those who overcome them, those who increase them,
they are also passionate ones. Anyone who gets in the forms because of
thirst..., in the sound..., smell, taste, touch, ...they are also enthusiasts in
desire. Whoever is used in the forms.... For example, critics are keen to
criticize, workers are keen to do work, those who walk on the state (border??)
are keen on the state, and meditators are keen on meditation. In the same way,
whoever seeks..., they are passionate ones. Where in all forms because of
thirst, seeking, searching, begging all over..., ...in sound..., smell, taste,
touch.... Anyone who gets in the forms.... Whosoever is used in the forms...,
they are also enthusiasts in desire.

"Ignorance", most days, people become foolish...(omitted, see previous). Those
who are greedy and passionate about desires are ignorant.

"The stingy are fixed on the wrong": ""The stingy", "they go down" are the
stingy; "the miserly" is also called the stingy; "words and ways of the Buddha's
disciples, teachings, teach them not to care" as a stingy one(??). How is "they
go down" as a stingy? They go to hell; they go to the animal world; they go to
the evil world, this is "they go down" So "they go down" is a stingy person. How
is a "saving person" also called a stingy person? There are five kinds of
stingy: stingy in dwelling, in home, of gain, of praise, of Dhamma, this kind of
stingy (??), stingy appearance, stingy state, greed, miserly, petty, and
heart-tight state are called stingy. In addition, stingy is also stingy (??);
world stingy is also stingy; stingy is also the opinion of stingy, which is
called stingy(??) To be stingy. With this stinginess and intolerance, people
become laissez-faire (relaxed??), so they are called stingy. How is it "not to
care about the words, language, and teachings of Buddha disciples" as stingy?
"The words, ways of speaking, teaching, and admonitions to Buddha disciples,
they don't care, don't want to listen, don't listen to them, don't need to know
the words, don't want to hear, don't need to know them. This is not to care
about the words, ways, teachings, and admonitions of the disciples of the
Buddha." A stingy person.

"They are fixed on the wrong", fixed in the wrong body kamma; fixed in the wrong
language kamma; fixed in the wrong mental kamma; fixed in the wrong killing;
giving and taking are fixed (livelihood??); fixed in unrighteous lewdness; fixed
in unrighteous deceit; in unrighteous divisive language..., vulgar language...,
obscene language, greed, malice, view, deeds, five desires, five covers (five
levels??), deeply fixed, stuck, stopped, entered, stained, turned towards,
attached, obstructed, blocked. "The stingy are fixed on the wrong.

"When there is suffering, they weep." "When there is suffering," it means that
suffering has been reached, the demon has been reached, death has been reached,
and death is close. "They are weeping", they grumble, weep, are sad, tired,
grieve, pound their breasts and cry, and come to confusion." They weep for the
result of suffering.

"Where will we exist after we die from here": "Where will we exist after we die
from here? We will be hell-fallen; we will be beast-fallen; we will be
ghost-fallen; we will be people; we will become gods; we will become formed
ones; we will become formless ones; we will become thinkers; we will become
non-thinkers; we will become non-thinking ones, "do we exist in the future?" Do
we not exist in the future life? What will we be in the future life? What will
our future life be like? What will we be in the future life, and what will
[later] become?" Leap into doubters, leap into skeptics, arise doubts, they
grumble, weep...." Where we will exist after death from here.

10. So here, people should learn, and they should know that anything "wrong" in
    the world,
For that reason one should not do wrong, because wise people say that this life is
   short.

"Therefore people should learn here": ""Therefore", "With that reason, that
cause, that condition cause, when you see this fault in desire." For this
reason. "Should learn", there are three kinds of learning: increasing precept
learning, increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning.

What is to add to precepts? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is
protected by the self-control of the Polo Timucha (??). He has sufficient
righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns
after being upheld in the school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept
aggregates are the foundation of abstinence, the [self] inhibition of behavior,
the entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dhamma, etc., this is to
increase precept learning.

TODO: this section only makes sense if you already know the jhanas, the order of
phrases is all mixed up.
What is to increase mind? Here, the bhikkhu lives in the first jhana of seeking
and serving after he is absent from desires and unwholesome Dhamma, and after
detachment produces joy and happiness, he calms down seeking and serving, with
confidence, and one mind. After entering, he lives in no seeking, the second
jhana of joy and happiness is born without waiting, concentration, which fades
with joy and dwells in peace, has mindfulness and right knowledge, and feels
happiness in the body. After entering, dwelling in, this holy disciple
proclaims: "He is calm and possessed" in the third jhana of "mindfulness and
abiding in the bliss", with the renunciation of pleasure and the renunciation of
suffering, and the extinction of joy and sorrow in the past, after entering,
dwell in the third jhana where there is no suffering or unhappiness in the
fourth jhana, this is to increase the mind.

What is to increase wisdom? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise person, possessing the
wisdom that leads to the arising and passing away; the holy, insight, and the
complete extinction of suffering is [the wisdom], he truthfully knows "This is
suffering. "I know "This is the collection of suffering. "I know "This is
suffering. "I know "This is the path to suffering. "To know the truth: "These
are troubles. "To know the truth: "This is a collection of troubles. "To know
the truth: "This is the elimination of suffering. "To know the truth: "This is
the path leading to suffering. "This is to increase wisdom.

These three studies should be learned when heading towards (noting); learning
when knowing; learning when seeing; learning when introspecting; learning when
establishing (decision) when the heart is established; learning when solving
with faith; you should learn when you are vigorous; you should learn when
mindfulness arises; you should learn when the mind has concentration; you should
learn when you know with wisdom; you should learn when you know what should be
known; when knowledge should be known; we should learn when we should be
renounced; we should learn when we should be practised; we should learn when we
should be testified, we should practice, we should practice well, and we should
learn when we are held to turn up (??).

"Here" belongs to this view; belongs to this like; belongs to this hobby; in
this attachment; in this dhamma; in this teaching; in this Brahma (??); in the
teachings of this master; in this individual; in this human world, that is
called "here." "People", beings, human beings.... "People here should learn.

"You should know everything that is "incorrect" in the world": ""Anything", all
completely, completely in every aspect, with no remaining ground, and the whole
ground. This is the ubiquitous language, which is "anything". "You should know
the "incorrect"", you should know that the improper body kamma is "incorrect";
you should know that the improper language kamma is "incorrect"; you should know
that the improper mental kamma is "incorrect"; you should know the improper
killing is "incorrect"; ..., unjustly not given and taken...; evil...; lie,
divisive words, vulgar language, obscene language, greed, malice, wrong views,
wrong wrong behaviors, five desires, five wrong senses (covers??)...: It should
be known, it should be distinguished, and it should be understood. "In the
world", in the world of the suffering world.... "To know what is "wrong" in the
world.

"One should not do wrong, for that reason": "With the cause of wrong body kamma
one should not do wrong; with the cause of wrong language kamma...; with the
cause of wrong thinking, wrong hope, wrong desire..., one should not do wrong:
should not be practiced, should not be fully practiced, should not be
transferred after holding (held after turning??). " For that reason, one should
not do wrong.

"Because the wise people say that this life is little (less, short)": "Life" is
the survival of life; the turn of life, survival, and action; the guardian
(keeper) of life and the root of life. In addition, life is short due to two
factors: the limited life based on survival, or limited life based on natural
finite life. How is the limited life of existence less? Living in the past heart
moment, [but] not living now, not living in the future; living in the future
heart moment, [but] not living now and not living in the past; living in the
present heart moment now, [but] not living in the past, not living in the
future.

"Life and individual, all (only) happiness and suffering,
Taken with a single heart: it can turn around in an instant.
Where the heavens exist, eighty-four thousand tribulations,
But neither of them, combined to live by two hearts.
Anyone who dies or survives here, the aggregates are destroyed,
have gone, everything is, and the same cannot be restored.
Those who are immediately destroyed, and those who are destroyed in the future,
[And] those who are destroyed in the middle are not unequal in characteristics.
He could not help but was born, he lives now,
With the heart being destroyed, the world becomes dead, and it is the peace of
   the highest interest.
They happen as downward [flowing] and are intended to change,
They turn [such as] the uncut water flow, with six points as an edge.
The destroyed ones come without storage, and there will be no accumulation in
   the future,
And wherever arises, they survive, like mustard seeds at the tip of the cone
   [moment].
To the arising dhammas, destruction is placed in front of them,
The broken dhammas remain, and they do not mix with the previous ones.
They come invisible, they see and leave from destruction,
Like lightning in the sky, they arise and dissipate. "

This is 'the limited life of survival is less'.

How is the limited life of nature less? Life is the dependent of the breath;
life is the dependent of the income; life is the dependent of the intake and
exit; life is the dependent of the [four] species; life is the dependent of the
mass-shaped food (??); life is the dependent of the warmth; life is the
dependent of the consciousness: These are fundamentally weak; the causes of
these are also weak; those who rely on them are also weak; those who use them as
power are also weak; the common foundation of these is also weak; these
connections are also weak; these co-borns are also weak; everything connected
with them is also weak; these are habitually weak to each other; these are not
standing on each other; these are mutually destructive; there is no mutual
shelter, and these don't make each other stand; those who produce are not
discovered (?? "nor is it found in any of the creators"??).

"No one disappears because of anyone else, and these are indeed all destroyed,
these are produced from before, and those who produced them have died before,
the former and the latter have never seen each other. "

This is how natural limited life is less.

In addition, comparing the lives of the four kings, Tiantianshen (??), life is
less for humans, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant,
life is rapid, life is short, life is not a long time, the fate is to live soon,
the thirty-three heavenly gods (??)...(omitted), Yematian (??) gods..., dust-day
gods..., transformed into the happy heaven gods..., he transformed into the
heavenly gods..., compared to the life of the Brahma gods, the life of people is
small, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is fast,
life is short, life is not long, and life is short-lived.

This was said by the Blessed One:

"Bhikkhus! The life span of human beings is short, and they must come to the
next life. A wise man should be awakened, be kind, and practice brahma. All
living are dead (living without death??), bhikkhus! Those living elders have
(only??) a hundred years or more. "

"The life span of a person is short, and good people should disregard (have
   contempt for) it,
should be alive and burned (should be alive as the head is burned??), [because]
   there is no death that does not come. [SN.4.9]

Day and night pass, life is destroyed,
inevitably the life span of a person who will die is exhausted, like water in a
   small river. "[SN.4.10]

"Because the wise people say that this life is short": "The wise one is the
sage; the wicked (??) one is the sage, and the wisdom is called wisdom, that is
wisdom, understanding, simple selection, investigation, method selection,
identification, discrimination, close observation, erudition, proficiency,
cleverness, contemplation, deep contemplation, examination, comprehensive,
admiration Po Shena (??), Righteous Knowledge, Stabbing Rod (wisdom), Wisdom
Root, Wisdom Sword, Wisdom Hall, Wisdom Guangming (??), Wisdom Brigthness,
Wisdom Light, No Deception, Choosing Dhamma, Right View; regard the state of
wisdom as the wise. In addition, the sage of accumulation, the sage of the
realm, the sage of the place, the sage of dependent origin, the sage of
mindfulness, the sage of diligence, the sage of the gods, the sage of the root,
the sage of strength, the sage of enlightenment, the sage of the Path, the sage
of the Fruit, the sage of Nibbana, those sages say: "For people, life is small,
life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is rapid, life
is short, life is not long-term, life is short-lived." They say so, tell so,
talk so, explain so, say so." The wise people say that this life is short.

11. I see the world trembling: this generation comes to craving love among all
    beings,
The inferior people grumble before the mouth of death: those who have not
   separated the thirst in all kinds of existence.

"I see the world trembling": ""I saw", I saw with the naked eye, I saw with the
eye of the heavens, I saw with my eye, I saw with the eyes of the Buddha, I saw
with all eyes, I see, I watch, I meditate, I observe. "In the world": In the
world of suffering....

"Trembling (throbbing)", throbbing with the throbbing of desire; ...of seeing,
...of pollution, effort, fruit, evil deeds, greed, anger, ignorance, slowness,
clinging to seeing, disorganization (scatteredness), doubtful failure, worrying
potential trends; profit, no profit, reputation, no reputation, praise, rebuke,
joy, suffering, life, old age, sickness, death, sadness and despair; suffering
of falling into hell, into the beast world, into the hungry ghost world, human
world; throbbing by suffering of entering the womb, rooted in the womb,
suffering of birth, of living, of others' manipulation, of their own actions,
others' actions; throbbing with suffering, with the sufferings of doing, the
pain of change; throbbing with the suffering of eye disease, ear..., nose,
tongue, body, head... (omitted, see previous sections for list of all
afflictions); throbbing with the suffering of the dead mother... (omitted, see
previous sections)...; throbbing, completely throbbing, expanding throbbing,
trembling, tremoring with the pain of seeing, I saw, I watched, I meditated, I
observed. "I saw the world trembling.

"This generation comes to thirst among all beings": ""Generation (people)" is
synonymous with all beings. "Thirst" is the craving for form, ...sound, smell,
taste, touch, Dhamma. "Come to thirst", comes to thirst; followed by thirst;
approached by thirst; overwhelmed by thirst, conquered, and the heart is
overtaken. "In all beings" is desire, form, and formlessness." This generation
comes to thirst and love in all beings.

"Inferior people complain before death": ""Inferior people", inferior people
"have inferior body kamma" as inferior people; "have inferior language kamma" as
inferior people; "have inferior mental kamma" as inferior people; "inferior in
killing"..., giving and taking... (omitted, see previous sections)..., "have the
inferior desire" as an inferior person, "inferior, low, inferior intent,
insignificant (trivial)" is the inferior person. "To grumble at the mouth of
death", "at the mouth of death" means at the mouth of the demon; at the mouth of
death; reached death; reached the devil; is close to death; has reached the
demon; is close to the demon; has come to death, they grumble, weep, are sad,
tired, grieve, beat their chests and cry, and come to confusion." The inferior
person complained at the mouth of death.

"Indifferent ones who thirst for love in all kinds of existence": "The thirst of
"thirst for love" is the craving of the form..., ...the thirst for Dhamma. There
is again (??); in the kamma of desire to have, in the kamma of material
existence; in the kamma of non-material existence, in the formed existence; in
the kamma of formless existence, there is again and again; in the repeated
interest, in the rebirth, in the birth of the individual, not to leave the
thirst, not to abandon the thirst, not to give up the thirst, not to exclude the
thirst, those who have not yet released their thirst, have not given up their
thirst, have not yet quenched their thirst for love.

---
checkpoint
---

12. Look! Throbbing takes things as their own, like a fish in a little depleted
    water,

should also do nothing after seeing this: not being a persistent one in being.

"Look! People who throb take things as their own": "I'm clinging", there are two
types of my clinging: [because] thirsty ego and [because] see. What is the
thirsty ego? All are called boundaries, realms, scopes, boundaries, clinging,
and all that are called by craving: this is mine, this is mine, so much is mine
Yes, this area is mine; my color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things spread on
the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs,
elephants, cows and horses, mules and horses , Fields, homes, gold, gold coins,
villages, towns, royal capitals, places, treasury, warehouses, all the land,
because of their thirst and regard them as their own, all 108 thirst thoughts
[AN. 4.199] This is the attachment of the thirsty ego.

What is the self holding by seeing? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil
views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle views, desert
views, distorted views, shaken views, The clinging, acceptance, holding,
clinging to the bound view, the place where the evil way, the evil way, the evil
nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion (vipariyesa), the
clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion (vipallāsa) The grip of the
evil, the grip of evil, the grip of "the unreal [see] the real", all come to the
reach of the sixty-two evil views, thisIt's what I see. "Look! People who throb
take things as their own": "They throb when they are treated as their own
things, they are afraid of being robbed, they also throb when they are robbed,
they also throb when they are robbed; They throbbed when they doubted and feared
changes, and when they changed, they also throbbed, throbbed strongly, throbbed
completely, throbbed broadly, trembling, trembling, and trembling greatly when
they changed. When throbbing, strong throbbing, full throbbing, expanding
throbbing, trembling, trembling, or trembling greatly, please see, please see,
please watch, please watch, please watch." For you! Throbbing takes things as
their own.

"Like a fish in a little water that is depleted": "If a fish is attacked, picked
up, or eaten by a crow or eagle or crane in a little water, little water, or
water, they throb and force Throbbing, full throbbing, enlarged throbbing,
trembling, trembling, trembling. Similarly, people (generations) are treated as
their own things, they are afraid of being robbed, they are trembling, when they
are robbed, they are also They also throb when they are robbed; they throb when
they are regarded as their own doubts and fears change, they also throb when
they change, and when they have changed they also throb, strongly throb,
completely throb, expand their throbs, Shivering, trembling, trembling greatly."
Like a fish in a little water that has been exhausted.

"After seeing this, one should also do no-self": ""This fault: after seeing,
after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying." after seeing this. "Should do no-self", there are two kinds of
self-holdings: [because] the thirsty self-holding and [because] sees the
self-holding.... (Omitted) This is the thirsty self-holding...( (Omitted) This
is the self-holding of seeing. If you break away from the self-holding of the
one who is thirsty; if you cut off the self-holding of seeing, he [keep] not
taking the eyes as his own; not taking the ears as his own; not taking the nose
Take it as your own; don't take the tongue as your own; don't take the body as
your own; don't take the mind as your own; all colors...all sounds...all
smells...all tastes...all touches...all dhammas... Home... Group (people)...
Housing... Gain... Reputation... Praise... Music... Clothes... Food...
Housing... Patient's necessities and medical necessities... Desire... Sex...
Colorless Realm... Desire to have... Color to have... Colorless to have... Want
to have... No want to have... Not to want to have... One aggregate has... Four
aggregates have... Five aggregates have... Past... The future...now...don't take
the dhammas that he sees, hears, feels, and can be known as his own, he [keep]
not holding, clinging, or clinging, he should act, should live, and should
Action, should be turned, should be guarded, should be made to survive, should
be made to survive." After seeing this, one should also do nothing.

"Not being a persistent person in being": "Being in being", being in desire,
being in color, being in colorless being. Attachment is called craving, which is
greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Not being a
persistent person in being": "Being in being-clinging-not authoring; unauthored
by desire, love, greed, liking, not being born, not being produced, not being
born, not being born ." For those who are not a persistent writer.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Look! The throbbing person regards things as his own, like a fish in a little
depleted water,

should also do nothing after seeing this: not being a persistent one in being. "

13. After adjusting the desire on both sides, omniscience will not follow the
    greed after the touch,

Whoever reprimands himself does not carry out that, and the wise are not
contaminated by what he sees and hears (Ceylon version).

"After tempering desire on both sides": "side", touch is one side, touch set is
the second side; the past is one side, the future is the second side; pleasure
is one side, suffering is the second side; called one side, color It is the
second side; the six inside is one side, and the six outside is the second side;
there is body as one side, and the body set is the second side. "Desire" means
the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the thirst of
desire, the love of desire, the taking of desire, the enthusiasm of desire, the
fascination of desire, the torrent of desire, The yoke (binding) of desire, the
grasping of desire, the cover of desire. "After tempering the desire on both
sides": "The desires on both sides should be tempered, expelled, cut off,
expelled, should end, and should be made to cease to exist." It is after
tempering desire on both sides.

"Observing after touch, there is no greed": ""touch", eye touch, ear touch, nose
touch, tongue touch, body touch, intention touch, name touch, opposite touch
[DN.15], can feel pleasure Touch, can feel the bitter touch, can feel the touch
that is neither bitter nor happy, good touch, bad touch, no memory touch, desire
touch, color touch, colorless touch, empty touch, non-contact touch , Unwilling
to touch, world touch, outThe world touch, the past touch, the future touch, the
present touch, any touch, touch, complete touch, and touch like this are called
touch.

"Aftertouch of omniscience", with three kinds of omniscience and omniscience
after touch: knowing and omniscience, measuring omniscience, and abandoning
omniscience. What is known and omniscience? "Knowing touch: this is eye touch,
this is ear touch, this is nose touch, this is tongue touch, this is body touch,
this is mental touch, this is name touch, this is opposite touch, this is the
ability to feel pleasure This is the touch that can feel suffering, this is the
touch that can feel neither pain nor happiness, this is good touch, this is
unwholesome touch, this is non-remembering touch, this is the state touch of
desire, this is physical Boundary touch, this is colorless touch, this is empty
touch, this is non-contact touch, this is unwilling touch, this is world touch,
this is transworld touch, this is past touch, this is future touch, this It is
touch now. He knows, sees, this is knowing and omniscience.

What is measuring omniscience? After knowing this, touch him to measure
impermanence, suffering, sickness, tumor, arrow, curse, disease, other side,
corruption, disaster, evil, terror, disaster, Mobile, perishable, unstable, no
shelter, no refuge, no refuge [, no refuge], abandoned, hypocritical, empty,
selfless, trouble, changeable law, no The truth, the root of misfortune, the
murderer, the nothing, the troubled, the promising, the magic food (bait), the
law of birth, old age, the law of death, the law of sorrow and despair, the law
of pollution, he made it to be measured Rise, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and
renunciation are all measures of omniscience.

What is renunciation and omniscience? After weighing in this way, the desire to
touch, greedy others, give up, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence.
This was said by the Blessed One: "Monks! All the desires and greed about
contact must be cut off. In this way, the contact will be cut off, and the roots
will be cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and
immortal for the future. [SN.22.25]"This is renunciation and omniscience.
"Observing aftertouch", with these three types of omniscience and aftertouch.
"There is no greed", greed is called craving, which is greed, greed... (omitted)
greed, greed, unwholesome roots. Anyone who is cut off, severed, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom for him is called a
craving-free person. He is not craving in appearance; in sound. It is not
greedy; it is not greedy in smell; it is not greedy in taste; it is not greedy
in touch; at home...in group (congregation)...in residence...in profit ...In
reputation...in praise...in music...in clothes...in group food...in
residence...in the needs of patients and medical necessities, there is no
covetousness; in the world of desire On...on the world of material...on the
world of colorless...on desire...on material...on colorless being...on
thinking...on non-thinking...in non-imagining I don't want to have...in one
aggregate...in the four aggregates...in the five aggregates...in the past...in
the future...in the present...in what you see, hear, feel, The dhammas that can
be known are those that are not craving, not bound, infatuated, innocent, free
from craving, without craving, abandoned craving, eliminated craving, and freed
from craving , Those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed,
those who have renounced greed, those who have no greed, those who have
renounced greed, those who have eliminated greed, those who have been freed from
greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, Those who
are not hungry, extinguished, have become cool, feel happy, and live by
themselves as Brahman. "For omniscience, without greed after touch.

"Whoever scolds himself, he does not carry out that": ""Everything" is nothing.
"Rebuke myself", rebukes himself for two reasons: what is done and what is not
done. What is done and what is not done He rebuked himself for what I did? "The
bad behaviors I did, the good behaviors I didn't do." He rebuked himself; "The
words evil done by me, the good words didn't." He rebuked Himself; "The evil
intentions that I did, the good intentions that were not done by me." He rebuked
himself; "The killings that I did, the quit killings that were not done by me."
He rebuked himself; "Is done He didn't give it and took it without giving it."
He rebuked himself; "The adultery that was done by me, and the adultery that was
not done by me." He rebuked himself; "The lie that I did." He reprimanded
himself; "The divorced words that I did, and the divorced words that were not
made by me." He rebuked himself; "The vulgar words made by me were not made by
me. He abstained from vulgar language." He rebuked himself; "The slurs that I
did, and the slurs that were not made by me." He rebuked himself; "The greed
that was made by me was not greedy for what was not made by me." He rebuked
himself; "The evil that was done by me, the harmlessness that was not done by
me." He rebuked himself; "The evil view that was done by me, noRight view made
by me. He rebuked himself, and he rebuked himself for what was done and what was
not done. Or, "I am not a full-fledged person in the ring. He rebuked himself,
"I am not the guardian of the roots. He rebuked himself, "I am not a person who
knows how to eat. He rebuked himself, "I am not a sober person. He rebuked
himself, "I am not a person with mindfulness and right knowledge. He rebuked
himself, "Satisfaction has not been practiced by me." He rebuked himself,
"Sizhengqin has not been practiced by me." "He rebuked himself, "The four gods
have not been practiced by me." He rebuked himself, "The five elements have not
been studied by me." He rebuked himself, "I haven't practiced the five powers."
He rebuked himself, "The Seven Enlightenment Elements have not been studied by
me." He rebuked himself, "The eight holy paths have not been practiced by me."
He rebuked himself, "I don't know the suffering." "He rebuked himself, "The
episode was not cut by me." He rebuked himself, "The Tao has not been practiced
by me." He rebuked himself, "Mie has not been testified by me." He rebukes
himself. This is what has been done and what has not been done. He rebukes
himself, and rebukes his own kamma (behavior) for not carrying out, not
producing, not born, not born, or arises. "He doesn't carry out that for those
who scold himself. "The wise man is not contaminated by what he sees and hears":
""Adhesion", there are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of
eagerness and [because] the adhesion of seeing... (omitted) This is thirsty
Adhesion... (slightly omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing. "The wise man" is
the wise man, the wise man, the enlightened man, the wise man, the distinguished
man, the wise man, and the wise man who has given up his craving for adhesion ,
After breaking the adhesion of the mind, it will not be contaminated in what you
see; not contaminated in what you smell; not contaminated in what you feel; not
contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated (not
contaminated), no longer Contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no
longer contaminated closely. He has left, has left, has been freed, has been
freed from bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being
restricted." The wise man is not contaminated by what he sees and hears.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"After tempting desires on both sides, omniscience will not follow greed,

Whoever reprimands himself does not carry out that, and the wise are not
contaminated by what he sees and hears (Ceylon version). "

14. After omniscience and thought, the torrential flow can be increased, and
    Muni will not be polluted in everything

has pulled out the stabbing and unbridled walker, do not want this world and
others.

"Thinking of omniscience can be more violent": ""Thinking", wanting, malicious,
harmful, absent, innocent, non-harmful, lust, sound, smell, taste , Tactile
thinking, and dhamma thinking. Any state of thinking, cognition, and cognition
like this is called thinking. "After omniscience and thinking", there are three
kinds of omniscience: knowing omniscience, measuring omniscience, and
renunciation Omniscience.

What is knowing and omniscience? Knowing to think: "This is desire, this is
malicious thought, this is harmful thought, this is absent wish, this is
harmless thought, this is harmless thought, this is sexual thought, this is
sound thought, this is smell Thinking, this is taste thinking, this is tactile
thinking, this is dhamma thinking. He knows, sees, this is knowing and
omniscience.

What is measuring omniscience? "After knowing this, I want him to judge it to be
impermanent, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, curse, disease, the other side,
corrupt, catastrophic, evil, terror, disaster , Mobile, perishable... (omitted)
He makes it to be measured by gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and
detachment. "This is a measure of omniscience.

What is renunciation and omniscience? After measuring in this way, the desire to
think, greedy others, let go, drive away, [make the end,] make it non-existent.
Because this was said by the Lord: "Monks! All the desires and greed about
thinking must be cut off. In this way, that presumably will be cut off, and the
roots will be cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming
non-existent and immortal for the future. "[SN.22.25] This is omniscience.
"After omniscience and thinking", with these three kinds of omniscience and
thinking after. "Able to overcome the storm", the storm of desire, some storms,
the storm of seeing, the storm of ignorance, he can survive, surpass, pass,
pass, and overcome. "After thinking about omniscience, the violent storm can be
increased.

"Muni is not contaminated in possessions": ""Properties", there are two kinds of
possessions: [Because] the thirsty possessions and [Because] sees... (Omitted)
This is thirsty Ownership... (Omitted in the middle) This is what you see.
"Muni", "Muna is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (Omitted) No
delusion, Dhamma, right view, possessing that wisdom Muni and Da Muna." There
are three kinds of muni (perfect virtues): body muni, language muni, and meaning
muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the muni position; the
wisdom of the body is the muni position; the omniscience of the body is the muni
position; and omniscienceThe path of all acts is the position of the body; the
desire and greed about the body are cut off as the position of the body; the
fourth jhana of the body [in and out of breath] extinction is the position of
the body, which is the position of the body. .

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds is
the position of Yumuni; the four kinds of good acts of language are the position
of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni; the
omniscience of language is the position of Muni; and omniscience The path of all
acts is the position of Yumuni; the abandonment of desire and greed about
language is the position of Yumuni; the second Zen of Yuxing [Xunsi] is the
position of Yumuni, which is the position of Yumuni. .

What is Yimuni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are the
muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the muni position; the wisdom
in the mind-object is the muni position; the omniscience of the heart is the
muni position; the one that works with omniscience Tao is the position of muni;
the desire and greed about the heart are judged to be the position of muni; the
desire to perish the mind is the position of muni, which is the position of
muni.

"Shen Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,

Muni has the status of Muni, and they say it is the one who cuts everything.

Body Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,

Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been
cleansed of evil. "

The six types of Muni have these three modes of muni: "Muni at home, Muni
without home, Muni without learning, Muni without learning, Pichi Muni, Muni
[in] Muni. "Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footprints and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those monks
who have seen the footprints and who have learned the precepts are homeless
Muni. There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for
non-learning Muni, and Pichi Buddha as Pichi Muni. Muni [in] Muni is called
Tathagata, Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-Muna (silence) is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,

After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.

avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,

Everyone who understands the [inner and outer sum] in the world, because that is
said to be Muni.

knows all the inside and outside of the world, the unwholesome and the good
behind the law,

Everyone who is supported by heaven and man (respected), beyond dyeing the net,
he is Muni. "

"Adhesion", there are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of eagerness
and [cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of
craving... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing . After Munishe broke off
the adhesion of thirst, and after breaking the adhesion of seeing, he will not
contaminate, not strongly contaminate, not closely contaminate everything, no
longer contaminate, no longer contaminate strongly, and no longer contaminate
closely. He has left, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the
bondage, he lives with the heart of freedom and restriction. "It means that Muni
is not contaminated in possessions.

"Anyone who has pulled out the stabbing arrow and does not let go": ""Stabbing
arrow", "There are seven stabbing arrows: greedy stabbing arrow, anger stabbing
arrow, crazy stabbing arrow, slow stabbing arrow, seeing stabbing arrow, sad
stabbing arrow, Doubtful piercing arrows. For him who these piercing arrows are
cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire
of wisdom, he is called the piercing arrow who has pulled out the piercing
arrow. Those who have pulled out the stab, have pulled out the stab, have
removed the stab, have completely removed the stab, have abandoned the stab,
have removed the stab, have freed the stab, have dropped The arrow stabbing
person, the one who has stopped thinking about the arrow stabbing, the person
who is not hungry, the person who has cooled down, the person who has become
cool, the person who feels happiness, and the person who lives with himself as
the brahman." is the person who has pulled the arrow.

"Walker", when walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding, making existence,
making existence. "Those who do not let go" are respectful authors, regular
authors, non-stop authors, those who are not adhered to, those who do not
neglect their desires, and those who do not neglect responsibilities in the good
law; Can the completed vows or the completed vows be funded everywhere with
wisdom? "Where he has intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching,
mindfulness, righteous knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment,
practice, and not letting go in good dhamma; "how can I complete the unfinished
concentration, or Can the completed Dhamma Yun be funded everywhere with wisdom?
"... (omitted) on the good Dhamma [not let go]; how can I complete the
unfinished wisdom accumulation... the liberation accumulation... "how can I
complete the unfinished liberating wisdom perception aggregate, or the completed
liberating wisdom See Yunneng funded everywhere with wisdom? "Where he has
intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, righteous
knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment, practice, and not letting go in
the good law; "how can I know the suffering of the unknown, Or can you let go of
the pollution that hasn't let go, or can practice the way you haven't practiced,
or can you testify before you die? "Where he has the will, diligence, courage,
hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, righteous knowledge, enthusiasm,
diligence, establishment, practice, and perseverance in good law. "It is a
walker who has pulled out the stabbing arrow and does not let go.

"I don't want this world and other": "He does not want this world: his own
state, he does not want other worlds: the state of other people. He does not
want this world: his own body, feeling, thought, behavior, knowledge, and does
not want other worlds: other people No desire for this world: the six inner
worlds, and no other worlds: the six outer worlds. Do not desire this world: the
human world, do not desire other worlds: the heavenly world. No I hope for this
world: the world of desire, and don't want other worlds: the world of
materiality, the world of colorlessness. I don't want this world: the world of
desire, the world of physicality, and don't want other worlds: the world of
colorlessness. The second place of interest, or death, or rebirth , Contingent
(existence), or reincarnation, or rebirth. He does not hope, want, accept, hope,
hope, or pray." Because he does not want this world and others.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"After omniscience, you can get more violent, and Muni will not be polluted in
all things,

has pulled out the stabbing and unbridled walker, do not want this world and
others. "

The description of the eight sets of sutras in the cave second [completed].





Summary:

1. The person who desires (expects/wants) is stuck in the cave (body) far away.

2. Not free from others ⇒ Tathagata is just a guide (MA.144).

3. Life is short, not being combined by two hearts to live, like lightning in
   the sky, they arise and dissipate.

4. The throbbing person regards things as his own, like a fish in a little
   depleted water, and the wise person is not contaminated by what he sees or
   hears.

12/10/2020 16:23


