3. evil eight sets of scriptures

Secondly, the description of evil hearts eight sets of Scriptures will say:

15. Some do say with bad intentions that others (Thai version) do say with true
    heart,

Already controversy Muni does not arrive, so Muni is not desolate wherever he
is.

"Some do say with malicious heart": "Those averts with malicious heart, with
hostile heart, with an opposing heart, with the heart of the blow, with the
heart behind the blow, to harm the heart, to the back to harm the heart does not
And he said, Verbal reproach and the Monks of Bichu For some indeed to say with
malicious hearts.

"Others do say with true heart": "Whoever believes, trusts, believes in,
believes in, believes in, truthful and truthful, with true heart and truthful
thinking, with truthful heart and truthful, with A true heart and a true
thinker, with an upside down heart and an upside down thinker who unrightly
said, abusive worldly and Bichu monks." For others do say it with true heart.

"Born controversy Muni does not arrive": ""The dispute has arisen, has arisen,
has been born, born, has arisen, has arisen: a further alley said, abusive,
reprimative, and wrong to worldly and Bichu monks." It is a living dispute.
"Muni does not arrive": "Muni", Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui,
understanding, insane, choice of method, positive view, with that wisdom for
Mune, to Mune. ... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he was Muni. Whoever
arrives at the dispute he arrives for two reasons: the author arrives [the]
dispute in the state of the author, or, when said or repudiated, he is angry,
rejected, stubborn (rebellion), showing anger, grievance, dissatisfaction [ ,
said: 'I'm not the author. ' Where arrives at the dispute he arrived for these
two reasons. Muni does not reach the dispute for two reasons: Muni is not the
author, does not reach [the] controversy in the state of the author, or, when
said, repudiated, unopposed, unstubborn (revolt), does not show anger , "I am
not the author." Muni is not arriving, not arriving, not holding, not holding,
not persisting [the] controversy for two reasons." For the living controversy
Muni does not arrive.

"Therefore, there is no desolation wherever Muni is," "Therefore, for that
reason, that cause, that edge, the state of which has no blows for Muni, and the
state of desolation, There are no five kinds of heart barren [MN.16], there are
no three kinds of barren [SN.45.166]: greedy barren, barren, idiot barren he did
not exist, not known, not found, has been abandoned Broken, severed, calmed
down, stopped, could not be born, be burned by wisdom fire. "No matter where, no
matter where, wherever, inside or outside or outside." So Muni is not desolate
wherever it is.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Some do say with bad intentions, others (Thailand version) do say with true
heart,

Already controversy Muni does not arrive, so Muni is not desolate wherever he
is."

How can their own see cross? To be guided, fixed by [personal] hobbies,

Execute his own completion, indeed he will say as he knows.

"How can their own see cross": "After the outlaw killed the Suntori female
march, he declared the disreputations of Sharon Shakko, [thought:] 'So we will
take back this good, fame, respectful, respectful and respectful. " Those who
saw such, like, such lovers, such advocates, such intentions, such intentions,
such intents, they cannot cross their own views, their likes, their hobbies,
their own claims, themselves. their intentions, their own intentions, then the
disreputations are returned to themselves." How can this be your own see across?
Or, "'The world is constant, this is true, and the rest is empty. ' Whosoever
speaks so, how can his own see, his liking, his hobbies, his own claims, his
intentions, his own intentions, and his own intentions cross, can cross, and
overcome? What's the reason for that? His behold is as complete, held, held,
taken, taken, taken, and believed. This is also their own see how can cross?
"The world is very constant... The world is borderless... Life is the body...
life is one body is another... after death does not exist... after death does
not exist... Exist and non-existent... after death is neither there nor
non-existent, this is true, the others are empty. ' Whosoever is such he speaks,
his own seeing, his liking, his hobbies, and his LordZhang, his intentions,
their own intentions, how can they cross, can cross, overcome? What's the reason
for that? His behold is as complete, held, held, taken, taken, taken, and
believed. This is also their own see how can cross?

"To be guided, fixed by [personal] hobbies": "Be directed", "He is taken away,
taken away, carried away, carried away, carried, carried away by his own
opinion, by his own likes, his own hobbies, his own claims, such as being like a
car or Carriage, two-wheeler, cattle cart, goat car, ram car, camel car, donkey
horse car, take away, carry, carry, carry. In the same way, he was taken away,
carried away, carried, carried and moved by his own seeing, by his own likes,
his hobbies, his own claims. To be booted. "Fixed by [personal] hobbies," he was
fixed by his own see, his hobbies, his own claims, stopped, adhered, entered,
dyed, and turned his heart toward (victory). To be guided, fixed by [personal]
hobbies.

"Perform their own completion": "Perform their own completion; perform a
successful; perform the perfect; perform the first, the most winning, the
winning, the top, the top, the top, the most top: [thought:] "This A master is
the wise man of all. Execution of their own completion; execution of the
perfect; perform the first, the most winning, the winning, the top, the top, the
top, the top, the top. [Thoughts:] 'This law is said to be good... This group is
a person who walks according to the good... This is good... This path is good...
This path is a depart. ' Perform their own completion; perform the perfect;
perform the first, the most winning, winning, the top, the top, the top, the
top, the top, he makes it produce, make it produce, make it live, make it born.
" For the execution of your own completed.

"Indeed he will say as he knows": "He will say, tell, talk, explain, say, say,
say, "The world is everlasting, this is true, and the rest is empty." He will
say, tell, talk, explain, say, say, say, "The world is very constant... after
death neither exists nor does it exist, this is true, the others are empty." He
will say, tell, talk, explain, say, say as he knows. To be sure he will say as
he knows.

Because then, Worldman said:

"How can your own see cross? To be guided, fixed by [personal] hobbies,

The person who performs his own finishes, indeed he will say as he knows."

17. The mortal's own forbidden and forbidden were not told to others with
    questioning,

The good men say that it is not holy: whosoever speaks himself by himself.

"Mortal's own withdrawal and forbidden": "Whosoever is like, such as effort,
such as arrangement, such as the kind, whoever has arrived, any Chardalie with
the law, or Brahmen, or Bisha, or the Gordala, or those who are at home , or out
of the house, or days, or people. There are abstraints and forbidden, there are
forbidden [and not] rings. What is Rings and Forbidden? Here, Bichu is a ring
holder, lived in the self-made protection of Porotti wooden fork, with a
positive and border, seen in the micro-crime horrible, in the school school
after learning, where restrained, homemade, does not violate, this is Ring;
whosoever observes it is forbidden Homemade as a ring; to abide by righteousness
as a forbidden, this is called abdence and prohibition What is a forbidden [and
not] a ring? There are eight heads: forest field branch, often beg, manure
sweep, but three, second beg, after eating without food support, often sit [not
lying] support, everywhere, this is known as forbidden [but] not ring. The
observance of vitality is also called forbidden [but] not: "Preferring to leave
only skin, tendons, bones; to dry the flesh of the body, as long as human
perseverance, human strength, human vitality, human efforts should be achieved
And the unfinished, there will be no stop of vitality. [SN.12.22]" He was
dedicated, diligent, and like this is the observance of vitality, which is
called forbidden [and not].

"I will not eat or drink, I will not go out of my place,

Nor will the threat fall (lying down): when the arrows of thirst love cannot be
removed." [Thag.223]

His dedication, diligence, and the observance of vitality like this is also
called forbidden [but not]. "As long as my heart is not relieved from the
troubles of not being carried out, I will not break this leg! [MN.32]" His
dedication, diligence, and the observance of vitality like this is also called
forbidden [but not]. "As long as my heart is not relieved from the troubles of
undoing, I will not rise from this seat... I will not come down from the
scriptures... I will not go out of the house... I will not go out of the
half-roof... I will not go out of the half-roof. Go out of the high-rise... I
will not be from flatGo out... I will not go out of the cave... I will not go
out of the cave... I will not go out of the lodge... I will not go out of the
lodge... I will not go out of the lookout... I will not go out of the circular
house. I will not go out of the shed... I will not go out of the lecture hall...
I will not go out of the tent... I will not go out of the tree." His dedication,
diligence, and the observance of vitality like this is also called forbidden
[but not]. "Just before this afternoon I will acquire, fully acquire, testify,
reach and testify of the Holy Law." His dedication, diligence, and the
observance of vitality like this is also called forbidden [but not]. "It's at
noon... in the evening... before eating... after eating... before... the
night... midnight... after the night... at the time of death... during the white
moon... in the rainy season... in winter... in summer... in youth. Period... In
the middle of old age... I will acquire, fully acquire, testify, reach, testify,
testify of the Holy Law." His dedication, diligence, and the observance of
vitality like this is also called forbidden [but not]. "Man" is a human being,
human, student Brahman, man, person, life, to the born, affection, to the Indra,
the man born of Monu. For mortal's own withdrawal and forbidden.

"Not said to others with questioning": "To the others," to the other Chateli,
Brahmen, Bisha, the Sudala, in the family, the family, the heavens, the heavens,
the people. "Not questioned", not questioned; not questioned; not begged; not
asked; not made clear. "Say", say my own ring, or forbidden, or forbidden: I am
a "man of restraint," or "forbidden enough", or by birth, or by surname, or by
the family name, or by the family name, or by Beauty is like Lotus, or in
property, or by research (acquisition), or trade, or by skill, or in the public
(academic), or by the public or by reason, or by reason, or something, or "from
your family", or "From a large family," or "from a large wealth home" or "from a
rich family", or "those who are at home or from home are well known persons", or
"in clothes, food, and residence , the needs of the patient, the profit of the
medical essentials", or "teacher" or "lawyer (lawyholder)", or "sayers", or
"forest dwellers", or "regular beggers", or "those who wear manure sweaters" or
the "third garment", or "second beggers", or "those who do not eat after
eating," or "those who sit [unlying]", or "those who live everywhere," or "the
recipient of the first Zen", or "Second Zen", or 'The Gaterer of the Third Zen,
'or 'The Gainter of the Fourth Zen,' or 'The Gainter of No Boundless Wait', or
'The Gainter of Nowhere to Wait', or 'Not "The recipient who wants to wait," he
says, tells, talk, explain, say. To say to other people without being asked.

"The good ones say that it is not holy law": "The good," those who make the
best, those who are good, the best, those who have arisen, those who read the
best, those who are righteous, those who are righteous, These are the best of
the root-rooted, the good, the deity, the good of the way, the good of the
fruit, the Nibbana, and those who do so tell, "This is the law of the unholy,
this is not the law of the Holy One, This is the law of the foolish; it is not
the law of the wise; this is the law of the unbenevolent, and this is not the
law So they tell, tell it, and tell it so, say so, and say so." For the good,
say that it is not holy law.

"Whosoever says himself by himself": "Himself is called me. "Say it by myself,"
and say myself: I am a "man of restraint," or "forbidden enough" or "bans and
forbidden enough" or by birth, or by surname, or by a good family name, or a
good family, or as a beauty. Lotus, either by property, or by research
(acquisition), or trade, or by art, or by the Ming (academic), or by the public,
or by the public, or by the argument, or by something, or "from the family of
nobility", or "from the Great" Family members, or "those who come from the big
wealth" or "from the rich family", or "home or home are well-known, reputable"
or "clothes, food, shelter, patient" the need, the benefit of medical
essentials, or a "teacher", or "lawyer (lawyholder)", or "sayers", or "forest
dwellers", or "those who wear manure sweaters", or " But the three garments, or
'second begger', or "those who do not eat after eating," or "those who sit
[not], or "those who live everywhere" or "the first Zen" or "the recipient of
the second Zen", or " Third Zen"The Gainter of the Fourth Zen," or "The Gainter
of the Endless Void," or "The Gainter of the Infinity," or "The Gainter of the
Infinity", {'He is the one who has been done after nothing and has been
exhausted. Picchu. '?} Or "the recipient who has nothing to wait," or "the
recipient who wants to wait," he says, tells, speaks, speaks, explains, speaks.
For whosoever speaks himself.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The mortal's own forbidden and forbidden is not said to others with
questioning,

The good say that it is not holy: whosoever speaks of himself.

18. silent Bichu, completely cooled, in the ring do not boast "I am like this",

The good men say that it is holy law, and for him there is no surge in any place
in the world.

"Silent Bichu, complete cooling state": "silence", "greedy has calmed state to
silence; the quilted state of silence; dementia has calmed state silence;
angry... (medium) The resentment... hiding evil... arbitrary... jealous...
stingy... hypocritical... cunning... stubborn... passionate... slow... slow...
uncomfortable... all polluted. ... all evil deeds... all troubled... all hot...
all irritated... all unrighteous... all unrighteous state of silence, quenched
state, quenched state, cooled state , the state that has been left, the state of
the stop is silent, silent, calm down, cooled, stop." For silence. "Bichu",
seven methods of destruction state for Bichu: has been destroyed, suspected to
be destroyed, forbidden to be destroyed, corrupt, destroyed, sabotage, sabotage,
slow to be destroyed, those evil bad law is destroyed: Shun The polluted, again,
the fear, the bitter, the future will live and die.

[Worldworld] [Sn.3.6, 519]

"By the way of his own practice, to the Nibbana, beyond the skeptics,

And after having left nothing and nothing, he is Pichu who is done, and he who
is extinct.

"Silent Bichu, completely cooled": "make greedy extinguished state of the person
who is completely cooled; so that the extinguished state is completely cooled;
so that the deprecation of the extinguished state is completely cooled State;
angry... (medium) resentment... hiding evil... arbitrary... jealous...
hypocritical... cunning... stubborn... passionate... slow... extremely slow...
Slow... Relax... all polluted... all evil deeds... all annoying... all the
hot... all the irritated... so that all the unrighteous creations are
extinguished as those who are completely cooled." For the silent Bichu,
completely cooled.

"I am like this in the ring": "'I am like this', the continuation of the
sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination
of words; the connection of words; this is the second sentence, "I am like "Such
'. "Not boast on the ring." Here, there is a kind of boast, boast, who boast and
show off: I am a "man of restraint," or "forbidden enough", or "by birth,
Surname, Eliang's family, Erong color beauty like lotus... (medium) or simply
want to wait until the recipient" he boast and show off. Like this he does not
boast, does not show off. He has been separated from boast, forbent, quanned,
departed, departed, freed, and bound, and he dwelt with a restrained heart. To
not boast "I am like this" in the ring.

"The good ones say that it is holy law": "The good," those who make the good,
the best, the good, the righteous, the righteous, the righteous, the gods This
is how the root-rooted, the good, the good, the good of the way, the good ones,
the Nibbana, and those who are good, say, "This is the law of the Holy One, this
is not the law of the unholy. This is the law of the wise, and this is not the
law of the foolish; this is the law of the good, and this is not the law of the
And they say so, tell it, and say so, and say so. For the good, say that it is
holy law.

"For him there is no surge everywhere in the world": "For him, for Arrohan; for
those who are troubled. "Growth", there are seven surges: greed, uproliferated,
sluggish, slow rise, see surge, pollution surge, industry growth. For those
people, these surges are not, do not exist, do not exist, not known, and not
found. Has been cut off, cut off, wasCalm down, be stopped, can not be born, be
burned by wisdom fire. "No matter where, no matter where, wherever, inside or
outside, inside or outside. "In the world, in the world of bitterness, in the
world of mankind, in the world of heaven, in the world of the world, the world
of worlds, and in the world. For whosoever grows for him there is no place in
the world.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The silent Bichu, who is completely cooled, do not boast on the ring, 'I am
like this. '

The good men say that it is holy law, and for him there is no surge whomever is
in the world."

19. Whosoever has been established (all over) for him, and the practice of doing
    so is valued [and] there is no clean,

Whosoever sees the benefit in himself, he is the one who wakes silence.

"Whosoever is established for him, there are two kinds of proposition: the
proposition of love [because] and the definition of [because] sight... (cl.)
This is the proposition of thirst love... This is see the stereotypes. "There is
a way, the creation, the cohabation, and the law of cohabation," and there is
also a cause for "the inordinate, the inordinate, the proverse, the law of
extinction, dissipation, and the law of destruction." "Whosoever is to him," for
the evil. "The law" is called Sixty-Two Wickedness. For whosoever is established
for him, and there is a way to do.

"Being valued [and] there are not clear": "Being valued", there are two kinds of
importance: [because] the importance of love and [because] see... (medium) This
is the importance of thirsty love... (medium) This is seen Emphasis. "For him
the importance of thirsty love is not cut off, the importance of seeing is not
dismissed, with the value of thirsty love is not cut off, see the value of the
undismissed state, he put (to) thirst love or see in the front and back, Thirst
is a flag of love, thirst for a building, thirst for love is increased, see as a
flag, see as a building, see as an increase, and be thirsty love or see follow
To be valued. "Existence" exists, is known, there, found. "Unclean," the
unclean, unwhitening, not all pure, polluted, and contaminated. To be valued
[and] there is unclean.

"Whosoever sees benefits in himself": "Who+on himself" is all - on himself. He
is called evil, and he sees his own vision two benefits: the benefit of life and
the benefit of the future. What are the benefits of seeing when? Where the
master has seen, the disciples also have, to the masters, the disciples
respectfully, respect, respect, worship, respect, respect, respect, respect,
respect, respect, respect, and respect, for that reason he received clothes,
food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities And this is seen when
effective benefits. What are the benefits of seeing in the future? "This is
enough to be the state of the dragon (dragon), or the state of Goldwingbird, or
the state of Yashura, or the state of Asura, or the state of the King, or the
state of Indra, or the state of Fantah State, or the state of the day, this see
[sufficient] is pure, clean, all pure; detachment, release, from all over, to
this see they become pure, become purified, become pure; disassociated, by To be
freed, to be dissolved, and I will become pure, clean, become pure; be detached,
freed, and dissolved." For the future fruit of the expectation, it is the
benefit of seeing the future life. He saw, saw, watched, watched, watched,
watched, observed." For whosoever sees benefits in himself.

"He is the rest of the shaking silence": there are three kinds of silence:
silence, that part (each other) silence, and secular silence. What exactly is
silence? Silence is called undead, Nibbana, where all the line of the end, all
according to the judgment, thirsty love extinction, away from greed,
extinguished, Nibbana, this is exactly silence. What is that part of silence? To
enter the first Zen are silent; for entering the second Zen to find servo
silence; for entering the third Zen to enter the third Zen, bittersweet was
silenced for entering the fourth Zen; to enter the void Endless Zen people want
color, have to think, all kinds of want to be silence; to enter the infinity of
Zen infinitely want to be silence; to enter the infinite sense of infinity want
to be silence; to enter non- For those who want to wait until there is nothing
to want to be silence, this is the part (each other) silence. What is secular
silence? Sixty-two evil views, [because] the silence of sight is called secular
silence, moreover, in this sense, secular silence: with "silence" of interest.
"He is the rest of the shaking silence": "He is shaking silence, strong shaking
silence, moving silence, moving silence, fluctuating silence, impact silence,
being constructed silence, fixed (all over)Silence is constant, productive, born
of fate, is the method of extinction, dissipation, fade, the law of extinction,
the rest of the silence of the law, the dependent, the sticker, the trapped, the
dye, the heart toward the person." For him is the rest of the shaking silence.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Whosoever is established for him, and what has been given is valued [and] there
is no clarity,

Whosoever sees benefits in Himself, he is the one who wakes silence.

20. The persistence of seeing is indeed not easy to overcome: after being chosen
    by law, is held firmly,

So everyone in those persistence, refuses and holds the law.

"Seeing perseverance is indeed not easy to overcome": "See the perseverance",
"the world is constant, this is true, the rest are empty." of the execution,
execution of the residence; the world is very constant... (medium) the world is
borderless... Life is the body... life is another... after death... after death
If there is no... after death, as lai exists and does not exist... "After death
is neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, the others are empty." The
execution, execution of the residence. "Seeing obsession is indeed not easy to
overcome": "Seeing obsession is indeed not easy to overcome, difficult to
overcome, difficult to escape, difficult to overcome, difficult to overcome,
difficult to pass." It is indeed not easy to overcome.

"Clenched after being chosen in law": "In law, "in law," in the wickedness of
62. "After selection", after decision, after decision, after selection, after
selection, after measurement, after judgment, after separation, after figure
out. "Be clenched", limited grip on the persistence, part grip, top grip, fixed
grip, accumulate grip, accumulate grip: this is true, truthful, true, true,
true, correct, inverted and held, by "Performs, be held, taken, and believed."
To be clenched after being selected in law.

"Therefore, every man is on those who are abused": "Therefore, therefore, by
that reason, that cause, and that cause. "Everyone" is a human being, human,
student Brahman, man, person, life, to the born, to the indra, to the indra, the
man born of Monu. "On those who hold," in those who see. For that reason
everyone is on those who are committed.

"Rejection and Grip Law": "Deny," he refuses for two reasons: to interrupt him
by others, or when he does not reach it. How is he refused to interrupt by
others? "Interruption of others": The Master is not the wise man, the law is not
said to be righteous, [his] group is not a person who walks according to the
good, see is not good, the way is not set, the way is not departed, and there is
no purity here, or Purified, or all over pure; or to be dissolved, or dissolved,
where they are not purified, or cleansed, or all over pure; or to be separated,
freed, or separated from, or by all over, is inferior, The despicable, inferior,
low, inferior, inferior, trivial, this is the "interrupt of others." In this
way, when interrupted he rejects the master, rejects the narrative of the law,
refuses the group, refuses to see, refuse signs, refuses to say, so he refused
to interrupt by others. How is he refused when not reached? When he does not
reach the ring, he refuses when the ban is not reached, and when the ban is not
reached, he refuses, so that he refuses when it is not reached. "And holding
law", he holds the master, holding the narrative of the law, holding the group,
holding the see, holding the road, holding the road, he takes, persists. For
rejection and grip law.

Because then, Worldman said:

"It is indeed not easy to overcome: it is firmly held after being chosen in law,

Therefore, everyone in those persuasion, refuses and holds the law."

21. For the cleanser there is indeed no place in the world, there are all kinds
    of stereotypes (all over) opinions,

After the cleanser breaks off deception and slow, he is an unobscrupt. What will
he fall into?

"For the cleanser there is indeed no place in the world, in all kinds of
stereotypes (all over)": "Cleansing", washing is called Hui, understanding,
simplification, selection, study, selection, identification, Discern, Close up,
Yin Wisdom (Euthology), Skillful, Smart, Thinking, Thinking, Review, General
(Comprehensive), Wisdom, Wisdom, Wisdom, Pibasher, Wisdom, Wisdom, Wisdom,
Wisdom, Wisdom, Wisdom, Huidian, Wisdom Bright, Hui bright, Hui light, Hui Bao,
inobsession, choice, positive, what reason washed is called Hui? With that Hui,
evil deeds are shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed from (washing); words
of evil acts... Malevolent acts are shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed
away from cleaning; greedyShake, wash, completely clean, away from cleaning;...
(middle) obsession... anger... resentment... hiding evil... arbitrariness is
shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed away; jealousy is shaken, washed,
completely washed , away from cleaning; stubborn shaking, washing, completely
washed, away from cleaning; false shaking, washed, completely washed, cleansed;
cunning was shaken, washed, completely washed away; stubborn shaking, washed,
Fully washed, away from washing; Passion... Slow... Slow... Slow... Relax to be
shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed; all pollution, all evil, all
annoying, all hot, all annoying, All bad works are shaken, washed, completely
washed, cleansed, washed off, washed for this reason is called Hui.

Or, the evil is shook, washed, completely washed, cleansed; evil will be shook,
cleaned, completely washed, cleansed; evil words are shaken, washed... (medium)
evil industry is shook off... Evil life is shaking down... Evil refining is
shook down... Evil is mindfulness shakes... Evil is shaking, cleaned, completely
washed, cleansed; evil wisdom is shaking away... Evil relief is shook away from
being shook off, Wash, completely wash, wash away.

Or, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all coke fever, all irritated,
all bad made by eight holy road shaking, washed, completely washed, cleansed,
washed away, alohan has, fully possesses, walked in, Totally walked in, full,
fully sufficient, with these cleansable methods, therefore, Arrohan is a washer,
"he is a shaking greedy, shaking evil, trembling polluter, shaking off the
irritated." For the cleaners. No matter where, wherever, wherever, inside or
outside. "In the world", in the worlds of the worlds...

There are two types of stereotypes: the definition of [because of] thirst love
and [because] see... (medium) This is the definition of thirsty love... This is
the stereotype of sight. "On the seed", there is a seed in the trade, there is
no desire; in the desire to have, in color, in the colourless, in the colourless
industry, in the colourless industry, in There are times and again; in the fun,
in the past and again, in the birth of repeatedly, in the birth of the
individual. "For the cleanser there is indeed no place in the world, there is a
proposition of all kinds": "For the cleansers, wherever they are in the world,
they are built, defined, and made on all kinds. He that made a living together
to stand, that he was not, did not exist, not known, and not found, was cut off,
severed, calmed down, and stopped, and could not be born, and burned by a fire
of wisdom. For the cleanser there is indeed no place in the world, there is a
proposition (all over).

"The washers off deception and slow": deception is called deception. Here, after
a certain type of man does evil; after doing evil in words; and after doing evil
in bad faith, its collection therefore erects evil desires, he asks, "May he not
know Me!" Intent "May he not know me!" Say, "May he not know me!" Word; working
physically "May he not know me! [AN.6.45]" Where such deception, deception,
transborder (violation), deception, concealment, obfuscation, concealment,
concealment, keep secret, hide (keep secret all over), hide, hide, hide, do not
The explicit act, the act of not being public, the act of concealment of evil is
called deception.

"Slow", one for slow: that is the heart's high, with two kinds of slow:
self-praise is slow, contempt for others slow, three for slow: "I am the winner"
for slow, "I am the equivalent" for slow," "I am the inferior" is slow, with
four kinds of slow: to get to make it slow, make it slow with reputation, to
praise to make it slow, to make it slow, to five as slow: "I really get the
color you want." To make it slow, "I do get the sound of the consensual...
(medium) smell... taste... touched." To make it slow, to six as slow: with eyes
to make it slow, with ears... with the nose enough... with the tongue... with
the intention to make it produce slow, to seven as slow: Slow, very slow, slow
and extremely slow, low, increase slowly, I am slow, evil slow, to eight kinds
of slow: to get to make it produce slow, to not get to make it low, to the
reputation makes it slow, with no reputation makes it produce it Low slow, to
praise to make it slow, to rebuke to make it slow, to make it slow, to bitter to
make it low, to nine as slow: the winner thought: "I am the winner" is slow,
excellentWinner thought: "I am the same" for the slow, winner thought: "I am the
poor" for slow, equivalent thought: "I am the winner" for slow, equivalent
thought: "I am the equivalent" for the slow, equal thought : "I am the inferior"
for the slow, the inferior thought: "I am the winner" for the slow, inferior
thought: "I am the same" for the slow and inferior people think: "I am the
inferior" is slow, with ten kinds as slow: here, certain by birth, or by
surname, or as a good family, or as a beauty as lotus, or property, or by
research (acquisition), or trade, or by technique, or iming (academic), or by
the smell of A person who argues, or makes it slow by something, such as the
slow, thinks, thinks, the situation, the high, slow, banner, high, and the
vanity of the heart, this is called slow. "After the cleanser breaks deception
and slow": "After the cleanser is discarded, after abandoning, after eviction,
after the end, so that it does not exist." For the cleaners off deception and
slow after.

"He is the unobsatist of what he will fall in": ""The obsession", there are two
kinds of obsession: the longing of love and the obsession... (middle) this is
the obsession of thirsty love... (medium) This is the obsession of seeing. For
him, the perseverance of love has been cut off; the obsession of the see has
been dismissed, the state of the longevity of the perseverance has been
dismissed, the obsession of the unobsession will fall into what, with what will
fall, will fall in what will fall, will fall in what slow, will fall in what
will see, will fall in what fall, will fall in what doubt will fall, what
annoyance potential trend will fall, become a "dye", or " Wicked, or the
"foolish", or "bondage", or "doomers", or "come to the scattered," or "come to
the unconsenting", or "come to the fortitude"? What is the state of the
creations that have been cut off and that they have been cut off will fall into
fun as the "Fallen Hell," or "Fallen Beast," or "Hungry Ghost", or "Man", or
"Heaven", or A colourless person, or a "colorless" or "thinker", or
"unthinkable" [or 'neither thinkable nor unwittant']? He has no cause, no edge,
and no factor will fall in this way." For what would he fall into?

Because then, Worldman said:

"It is true that there is no place in the world for the cleanser, and there is a
certain vision of all kinds,

After the cleanser breaks off deception and slow, he is an unobscrupt. What will
he fall into?"

22 climbers do reach controversy in the law, how, in what can I say no clerk?

Indeed, those that took and rejected did not exist for him, and in this world he
swept all things.

"The climbers really reach controversy in all the way": "Climb", there are two
kinds of climbing: thirsty love climb and see climb... (medium) This is the
climb of thirsty love... (middle) This is the climb. For him, thirsty love climb
uninterrupted; see climb undismissed, with thirsty love climb uninterrupted
state, see the climb of the undismissed state reached controversy in all
justice, become "dyed", or " The evil, or the "foolish", or the "bondage", or
the "doer", or "came to the scattered," or "came to the unconsensual," or "came
to the fortitude," those who made the creations that were not cut off. The
uninterrupted state has reached controversy in the interest of being a "Faller",
or "Faller", or "Hunger Ghost", or "Man", or "Sky", or "Colourless", or The
controversy of the "thinker," or "the unthinkable," or "neither the thinker nor
the unthinkable" he arrives, arrives, holds, takes, and persists. For climbers
do reach controversy in all legal terms.

"How, by what can say no obsess": "Climb", there are two kinds of climbing:
thirsty love climb and see climb... (medium) This is the climb of thirsty
love... (middle) This is the climb of the see. For him, the climbing of thirsty
love has been cut off; see the climb has been dismissed, with thirsty love climb
has been cut off state, see the climbing of the state of dismissed, to what
greedy can say, to what You can say, with what slow can say, what can say, what
can say, what can be said, with what doubts can say, with what annoyance
potential trend can say inobsessed people as "dyed", or "disgusting" or
"ignorant" , or 'bond', or 'door', or 'come to the scattered, 'or 'come to the
unconsented', or 'come to the forwit'? What can the intrigues of the creations
that have been cut off, have been cut off, become "hell"... (middle) or
"wishful"? He has no cause, no edge, noThere are factors that can be said, can
tell, talk, explain, speak." For how, to what can I say no followers?

"The taking, and the rejected, does not exist for him": "The taking" is for me,
he did not, the "rejected" for disillusionment, he did not; the "took" for the
hold, he did not, and the "rejected" was Should be released, he did not.
Whosoever has its hold, he shall be released; and whosoever is to be released,
there is his holding. Pick up, release has been transcended, Arrohan has
transcended, lost, he is the descended state, the practice actor, the completed
journey, has arrived, life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.
The one that was taken and rejected did not exist for him.

"In this world he swept all things": "For him, Sixty-two evil things have been
cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by the fire of
wisdom, and all evil saw he swept up and tremble in this world. , completely
shaking down, shaking down, off, away, end, so that it went to absent." For he
swept everything in this world.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The climbers do reach controversy in the law, how and in what can I say no
clerk?

Indeed, those that took and rejected did not exist for him, and in this world he
swept all things.

Evil eight sets of Scriptures said the third [completed].





Excerpt:

1. how can their own see cross? Wish to be fixed with personal hobbies (= hold
   hold after selection in law = reject and hold method) ⇒ Reject and hold
   method) ⇒ Reach the dispute with truthness as know+false.

2. self-esteem (self-pride) is not holy law (also).

12/11/2020 05:55

