3. The description of disgusting eight groups

Next, the description of the disgusting eight-group sutra will say:

15. Some people really say with a malicious heart, others (Thailand version)
    really say with a true heart,

The controversy over the birth of Muni does not arrive, so Muni is not deserted
wherever he is.

"Some do say it with a malicious heart": "Those outsiders say with a malicious
heart, with a hostile heart, with a heart of opposition, a heart with a blow, a
heart with a backlash, a heart with harm, with The insulting heart behind the
back said falsely, insulting the World-Honored One and the Bhikkhu Sangha." For
some really said maliciously.

"Others do say it with a true heart": "Anyone who believes in, trusts, believes
in those outsiders, who has a true mind with a true heart, who has a true mind
with a factual heart, and who has a truthful heart Those who think truthfully,
those who think with a certain heart and those who think with a certain heart,
those who do not think with a heart that are not upside down, say falsely,
insult the Blessed One and the Bhikkhu Sangha." For others, they really say with
a true heart.

"The controversy that has been born, Muni does not arrive": "The controversy
that has arisen, has arisen, has been born, has been born, has appeared: further
alley talk, insults, reprimands, false claims to the Blessed One and the Bhikkhu
Sangha "." is the controversy of the living. "Muni does not reach": "Muni", Mou
is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding, no delusion, choosing the law,
right view, possessing that wisdom is Muni, reaching Mou Na.... (slightly) After
transcending and dyeing the net, he is Mou Ni. Whoever reaches the dispute he
arrives for two reasons: the author arrives at [the] dispute as an author, or
when he is said or reprimanded He was angry, rejected, stubborn (resisting),
showing anger, aversion, dissatisfaction [, saying]: "I am not the author."
Those who reach the dispute he arrives with these two reasons. Muni does not
reach the dispute with two reasons ：Muni is not the author, and does not reach
[the] controversy as an author, or when he is said or reprimanded, he does not
get angry, rejects, stubborn (resistance), does not show anger, aversion,
dissatisfaction [, say ]: "I am not the author." Mu Ni did not arrive, does not
arrive, does not hold, does not cling to [the] controversy, for two reasons." It
is the controversy that Mu Ni did not arrive.

"Therefore, wherever Muni is, there is no barrenness": "Therefore," because of
that reason, that cause, that condition, and that cause, it is a state of no
attacking heart, a state of desolation, no Five kinds of barrenness of heart
[MN.16], there are no three kinds of barrenness [SN.45.166]: the barrenness of
greed, the barrenness of anger, the barrenness of ignorance, he does not, does
not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, and Severed,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "No matter
where it is", no matter where, no matter where, no matter where, inside or
outside or inside and outside." For this reason, no matter where Muni is There
is no barrenness anywhere.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Some people do say with a malicious heart, others (Thailand version) do say
with a true heart,

The controversy over the birth of Muni does not arrive, so Muni is not deserted
wherever he is. "

16. How can one's own views cross? Guided by desire, fixed by [personal]
    hobbies,

is performing what he has done, indeed he will say as he knows.

"How can one's own views be crossed": "Anyone who kills Sun Tuoli female
marchers from outsiders declares Shaman Shakya's disrepute, [thinking:] "In this
way, we will get back the benefits, reputation, respect, Respect." Those who see
this way, like people like this, lovers like this, advocates like this, those
who intend to, and those who intend to do this, they cannot go through their own
views, their likes, their own hobbies, their own opinions, their own intentions.
, Own intentions, at that time, the dishonour is returned to themselves." How
can this be my own view? Or, "'The world is everlasting, this is real, and
everything else is empty.' Whoever says this, his own views, his likes, his
hobbies, his opinions, his intentions , How can one's own intentions be able to
cross, traverse, surpass, and overcome? What is the reason? His vision is
completed, held, grasped, grasped, attached, and taken like that , I have been
convinced." How can I cross it in this way? "The world is very constant...
(Omitted) The world is bounded... The world is boundless... Fate is the body...
Fate is one body is the other... Tathagata exists after death... Tathagata does
not exist after death... The Tathagata after death exists and does not exist...
The Tathagata after death neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, and
everything else is empty. "Whoever he says like this, his own views, his likes,
his hobbies, his own masterZhang, how can one's own intentions, one's own
intentions be able to cross, traverse, cross, and overcome? What is the reason?
His vision is completed, held, grasped, grasped, attached, taken, believed and
understood like that. "This is how my own view can cross?"

"Be guided by desire, fixed by [personal] hobbies": ""guided by desire", "He is
carried, taken, carried, carried by his own views, his likes, his hobbies, his
own opinions, as if Like carts or carriages, two-wheeled carts, ox carts, goat
carts, ram carts, camel carts, donkeys and horses carts to walk, take away,
carry, and carry. In the same way, he was driven by his own views, his own
preferences, his own hobbies, and his own opinions. Carry away, take away,
carry, carry." To be guided by desire. "Fixed by [personal] hobbies", he is
fixed, stopped, stuck, entered, dyed by his own views, his own hobbies, and his
own opinions. Turn your heart towards (victorious solution)." To be guided by
desire and fixed by [personal] preferences.

"Implementing what I have done": "Implementing what I have done; performing
satisfactorily; performing perfect; performing first, most successful,
outstanding, top, top, top: [I thought:] "This master is all wise men." Carry
out what we have done by ourselves; Carry out satisfactorily; Carry out perfect;
Carry out first, most triumphant, outstanding, top, top, top. [Thinking:] "This
Dhamma is said by the good... (slightly omitted) This group is to follow the
good... This see is good... This Tao is based on the good... This Tao is
renunciation." The execution is done by itself. ; Performed satisfactorily;
Performed perfectly; Performed the first, the most triumphant, the
extraordinary, the first, the top, the top, he makes it happen, makes it
produce, makes it arise, makes it happen." In order to carry out what I have
done myself.

"It is true that he will say as he knows": "He will say, tell, talk, explain,
and say as he knows, "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else
is empty." Knowing to say, tell, talk, explain, and say, "The world is very
constant... (Omitted) After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does not
exist, this is true, and everything else is empty." Knowing speak, tell, talk,
explain, speak." For certain he will say as he knows.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"How can one's own views be crossed? Guided by desire, fixed by [personal]
hobbies,

The one who performs his own accomplishment, indeed he will say as he knows. "

17. Mortal people's own precepts and prohibitions were not told to others after
    being asked,

The skillful people say that it is not the Holy Dhamma: whoever speaks of
himself by himself.

"Mortal's own precepts and prohibitions": ""What", what is like, such as effort,
such as arrangement, such as kind, wherever has arrived, where is Kshatriya, or
Brahmin, or Vaisha, or head Dhara, or at home, or monk, or heaven, or person.
"Precepts and prohibitions", there are precepts and prohibitions, there are
prohibitions [and] non-precepts. What are precepts and prohibitions? Here, the
monk is a preceptor, To live under the protection of the self-control of Poloti
Mucha, with sufficient righteousness and state, to see fear in minor sins, and
to learn after being held in school. Wherever there is restraint, self-control,
and non-violation, this is the precept; It is prohibition. Taking self-control
as the precept; observing the righteousness as the prohibition is called precept
and prohibition. What is the prohibition [and] non-precept? There are eight
heads: the wild branch, the begging branch, the dung sweeping branch , But the
three clothing sticks, the second begging sticks, after eating, not eating
sticks, often sitting [not lying] sticks, staying anywhere, this is called
prohibition [and] non-precept. The observance of vitality is also called
prohibition [and] Non-precepts: "I would rather leave only the skin, tendons,
and bones; if the flesh and blood of the body is dried up, as long as people's
perseverance, human strength, human vitality, and human efforts should be
achieved but not achieved, there will be no vitality to stop [SN.12.22]"He is
dedicated and diligent, like this is the observance of vitality, which is called
prohibition [and] non-precept.

"I will neither eat nor drink, nor go out of my residence,

will not cause the thigh to fall (lying down): when the arrow of thirst cannot
be removed. "[Thag.223]

He is dedicated and diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called
prohibition [and] non-precept. "As long as my mind is not free from all
defilements by not clinging, I will not break this cross-legged! [MN.32]"He is
dedicated, hardworking, and observing such vitality is also called prohibition
[and] non-precept. "As long as my mind is not free from all the troubles by not
clinging, I will not rise from this seat... I will not walk down from the
experience... I will not go out from the dwelling... I will not be from the
half-roofed house Go out... I will not go out from the tall building... I will
not go out from the flat houseGo out... I will not go out from the cave... I
will not go out from the cave... I will not go out from the hut (solitary
mansion)... I will not go out from the heavy pavilion... I will not go out from
the observation deck... I will Do not go out from the round house... I will not
go out from the shed... I will not go out from the lecture hall... I will not go
out from the tent... I will not go out from under the tree. He is dedicated and
diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called prohibition [and]
non-precept. "Just before this noon I will obtain, fully obtain, attain, reach,
and testify about the Holy Dhamma. He is dedicated and diligent, and the
observance of such vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precept. "It's
just this noon...in the evening...before eating...after eating...the night
before...midnight...after the night...at the time of death...at the time of the
white moon...in the rainy season...in the winter... ...In the summer...in the
youth...in the middle-aged...in old age I will acquire, fully acquire, attain,
reach, and testify about the Holy Dhamma. He is dedicated and diligent, and the
observance of such vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precept.
"Humans" are sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people,
individuals, lives, those born to people, sentient beings, those born to Indra,
and Manu. "For mortals' own precepts and prohibitions.

"I was not asked to speak to other people": ""To other people", to other
Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, lay people, monks, heavens, and people. "Not
to be asked" , Not being questioned; not being asked; not being begged; not
being asked; not being made clear. "Say", say one's precepts, or prohibitions,
or prohibitions and prohibitions: I am a "sufficient person", or " Forbidding
those who have enough", or "precept and forbidding those who have enough",
either by birth, or by surname, or by good family, or by appearance and beauty
as a lotus, or by property, or by research (acquisition), or by profession,
Either by skill, or by illuminating (academic), or by what you have heard, or by
arguing, or by something, or "being a monk from your family", or "being a monk
from a big family", or "from a big family" A wealthy monk, or a monk from a
wealthy wealthy family, or a monk who is in the same household and a monk is a
well-known person or a famous person, or on clothing, food, shelter, necessities
of the patient, and medical necessities "The gainer", or "jingshi", or "lawyer
(law holder)", or "speaker", or "live in the forest", or "begging", or "wearing
dung and sweeping clothes", Or "but the three-clothed person", or "the second
beggar", or "the person who does not eat after eating", or "the person who often
sits [not lying]", or "the person who lives anywhere", or "the first meditation
person" , Or "the obtainer of the second jhana", or "the obtainer of the third
jhana", or "the obtainer of the fourth jhana", or "the obtainer who waits in the
boundless void", or "the one who waits until the boundless consciousness "The
gainer", or "the gainer who has nothing to wait for", or "the gainer who does
not want to wait everywhere", he speaks, tells, talks, explains, and speaks."
Because he was not asked. And to other people.

"Skillful ones say that it is not the Holy Dhamma": ""Skillful ones", those who
possess skillful ones, those skilled in the realm, those who are skillful, those
who are dependent on the skillful, those who mindful of the skillful, those who
are diligent and skillful We, the sacred and skillful, the root and the
skillful, the skillful, the skillful, the skillful, the skillful, the skillful,
the skillful people of Nibbana, those skillful ones tell this: "This is the
unsage Dhamma, this is not the law of the sage, this is the law of the fool,
this is not the law of the wise, this is the law of the non-good people, this is
not the law of the good people." They tell, tell, tell, explain, and so Speak."
For the skilful people say that it is not the holy law.

"Anyone who speaks of himself": "You are called me. "Speak by yourself", speak
of yourself as "I am a "sufficient person", or a "restricted person", or
"precept and prohibition" Those who have enough", either by birth, or by
surname, or by good family, or by appearance and beauty as a lotus, or by
property, or by research (acquisition), or by profession, or by skill, or by
name ( Academic), or by what you have heard, or by arguing, or by something, or
"from a noble family", or "from a large family", or "from a wealthy family", or
"from a wealthy A wealthy monk", or "people who are both at home and a monk are
well-known and famous", or "gainers in clothing, food, shelter, patients' needs,
medical necessities," or "jingshi" , Or "lawyer (law holder)", or "speaker", or
"live in the woods", or "begging", or "wearing dung and sweeping clothes", or
"but three clothes", or " A person who begs for the second time, or a person who
does not eat after eating, or a person who often sits [not lying down], or a
person who lives anywhere, or a person who has obtained the first jhana, or a
person who has a second jhana , Or "the gain of the third jhanaThose who have
come", or "the obtainers of the fourth jhana", or "the ones who wait until the
void is boundless", or the "the ones who wait until the boundless consciousness
is obtained", {"After the absence of existence and existence, it has been
completed Those who are extinct, he is a monk. "?} Or "the one who waits for
nothing," or "the one who wants to wait for nothing" he said, told, talked,
explained, said. "Those who call themselves oneself for everything.

Because of that, the Lord said:

" Mortal people's own precepts and prohibitions were not told to others after
being asked,

The skillful people say that it is not the Holy Dhamma: whoever speaks of
himself by himself. "

18. A silent bhikkhu, a person in a completely chilled state, does not boast "I
    am like this" in the precepts,

The skillful people say that it is the holy law, for him, prosperity does not
exist anywhere in the world.

"Silent bhikkhus, those who are in a completely cold state": "silent", "the
greed has subsided the state is silent; the angered has subsided state is
silent; the foolish has subsided state is silent; the angry... (slightly omitted
) Resentful...hiding evil... bossy... envy... stingy... false... cunning...
stubborn... passionate... slow... extremely slow... slow ... all that is easy...
all that is polluted... all that is evil... all that is annoying... all that is
irritated... all that is annoying... all unwholesome contrived state has been
silent, calmed down, calmed down The state, the extinguished state, the cooled
state, the departed state, and the cessation state are silent, still, calmed,
cooled, stopped." is silent. "Bhikkhu", the destroyed state of the Seven Dhamma
is Bhikkhu: seeing is destroyed, suspicion is destroyed, prohibition is
destroyed, greed is destroyed, anger is destroyed, delusion is destroyed, slow
is destroyed, and those evil and unwholesome methods are destroyed. : Favor the
pollution, the others, the fear, the bitter fruit, the future will be old and
dead.

[Blessed One][Sn.3.6, 519 偈]

"Take the path that I have practiced (made) to reach Nibbana and transcend the
doubter,

After abandoning nothingness and existence, the one who has been completed, and
the one who is extinct, is a monk. "

"Silent Bhikkhus, those in a state of complete cooling": "Those who make the
state of greed extinguished are those in the state of complete cooling; those
who make the angered state are in the state of complete cooling; those who make
the ignorant state are in the state of complete cooling ;Angry...(slightly)
resentful...hiding evil... bossy... envy... stingy... false... cunning...
stubborn... passionate... slow... Very slow... slow... let go... all
polluting... all evil... all troubles... all scorching... all heat... making all
unwholesome contrived conditions extinguished Those who are in a state of
complete cooling." Those who are in a silent state and those in a state of
complete cooling.

"I don't boast about "I am like this" in the precepts: ""I am like this", the
continuation of the sentences; the connection of the sentences; the consummation
of the sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is a
sentence The second time is "I am like this." "I don't boast in the precepts."
Here, there is a type of boasting, bragging, and bragging: I am a "restricted
person", or a "restricted person", Or "satisfaction with precepts and
prohibitions", or "the one who is born, with the surname, with the good family,
with the appearance and beauty like a lotus... (abbreviated), or the person who
has not wanted to wait for anything," he boasted and showed off. In this way he
does not boast or show off. He has been separated from boasting, has renounced,
has renounced, has renounced, has renounced, has been freed, has renounced
bondage, he lives with the heart of separation and limitation." Do not boast "I
am like this".

"Skillful ones say that it is the Holy Dhamma": ""Skillful ones," those who
possess skillful ones, those who are skilled in the world, those who are
skillful, those who are dependent on the skillful, those who mindful of the
skillful, those who are diligent and skillful. We, the sacred and skillful, the
root and the skillful, the skillful, the skillful, the skillful, the skillful,
the skillful, the skillful, the skillful, those skillful people say: "This is
the saint's Dhamma, this is not the law of the unsaint, this is the law of the
wise, this is not the law of the fool, this is the law of the virtuous man, this
is not the law of the unwise man." They say so, speak so, tell so, explain so. ,
Say so." For the skillful people say that is the holy law.

"For him Zengsheng does not exist anywhere in the world": ""For him", for the
Arahant; for those who have exhausted troubles. "Zengsheng", there are seven
Zengsheng: greed and increase Prosperity, aggression, delusion, slow increase,
see increase, pollution increase, industry increase. For those people, these
increases do not exist, do not exist, are not known, and have not been
discovered. Cut off, cut off, beCalm down, be stopped, unable to arise, burned
by the fire of wisdom. "No matter where", no matter where, no matter where, no
matter where, inside or outside or inside and outside. "In the world", in the
world of suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of
aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places. "Weifan doesn't exist
anywhere in the world to increase prosperity.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The silent bhikkhu, who is in a completely cold state, does not boast "I am
like this" in the precepts,

The skillful people say that it is the holy law, for him, prosperity does not
exist anywhere in the world. "

19. All the dhammas that are fixed (over-calculation) for him, are valued [and]
    exist impure,

Everyone who sees a beneficiary on oneself is a dependant who shakes the
silence.

"All the dhammas that are constrained (all calculations) for him, which are
useful": ""Constant view", there are two kinds of conscientious views: [because]
the contemplation of eagerness and [cause] the conscientious view... …(Omitted
in the middle) This is the contemplation of thirsty...(Omitted in the middle)
This is the contemplation of seeing. "Proactive", "Proactive, pretentious, and
cohabiting" are promising. In addition, "The impermanence, the action, and the
condition-born are the dhammas of the extinction, the dissipation, the fading,
and the dhammas" are also active. "Whatever is for him" is for those who see
evil. "Dhamma" It is called sixty-two evil views." It is all the dhammas that
have a fixed view for him.

"Being valued [and] there is something impure": "Being valued", there are two
kinds of attention: [because] the value of eagerness and [because] the value of
seeing... (omitted) this is the value of eagerness... (Omitted) This is the
importance of seeing. "For him, the importance of thirst is not cut off, the
importance of seeing has not been cut off, the state that the importance of
thirst is not cut off, the importance of seeing is not cut off In the state of
cessation, he puts (as) thirst for love or sees before and walks, thirst for
flag, thirst for pillar, thirst for increase, see as flag, see as tower, see as
increase, be Desire to love or see and follow." To be valued. "Existence", to
be, to be known, to have, to be discovered. "Improper", impure, impure, impure,
polluted的, kilesas." To be valued [and] exist impure.

"Whoever sees benefits in oneself": ""Where + on oneself" is on oneself. He is
called evil view, and he sees two benefits of his own view: the benefit in life
and the benefit in the afterlife What is the live benefit of seeing? Every view
that the master has, so do the disciples. For that view of the master, the
disciples respect, respect, respect, adore, and respect, because of that he gets
clothes, food, shelter, and patients The necessities, medical necessities, this
is the immediate benefit of seeing. What is the afterlife benefit of seeing?
"This seeing is enough to become the state of the dragon (dragon world), or the
state of the golden-winged bird, or the state of the Yaksha, or the state of
Asura The state, or the state of Gandhara, or the state of the king, or the
state of Indra, or the state of Brahma, or the state of heaven, this view
[sufficient] is pure, pure, pure; detachment, liberation, and universal To break
away, to see them become pure, to become pure, to become pure; to be detached,
to be liberated, to be detached, to see that I will become pure, to become pure,
to become pure; to be To escape, be liberated, and be detached everywhere." For
the expectant of future fruit, this is the afterlife benefit of seeing. He sees,
sees, stares, contemplates, and observes the two benefits of his own view."
Weifan is on himself See the beneficiaries.

"He is a dependant who shakes the stillness": There are three kinds of
stillness: ultimate stillness, that part (that part) stillness, and secular
stillness. What exactly is silence? Ultimate silence is called immortality,
Nibbana, where all those actions cease, all dependent cessation, the cessation
of craving, greed, cessation, and Nibbana, this is ultimate silence. What is
that part of silence? For those who enter the first jhana, the gazes are
silenced; for those who enter the second jhana, search is silenced; for those
who enter the third jhana, they are happy to be silenced; for those who enter
the fourth jhana, they are happy to be quiet. To be silenced; for those who
enter the void and boundlessness, lust, thinking, and all kinds of desires are
silenced; for those who enter the boundlessness of consciousness, the void and
boundlessness want to be quiet; for those who enter the void and nowhere It is
said that knowledge has no bounds to want to be silenced; for those who enter
the non-imaginary place and wait until there is no place to be silenced, this is
the part (that part) of silence. What is worldly silence? The sixty-two evil
views, [because] the stillness of seeing is called secular stillness, and in
this sense it is secular stillness: it has the meaning of "silence". "He is a
dependant of shaking stillness": "He is shaking stillness, strong shaking
stillness, moving stillness, moving stillness, fluctuating stillness, impacting
stillness, constructed stillness, fixed view (all counts)Silence is impermanent,
active, and conditioned. It is the dependent, dependent, adherent, trapped,
afflicted, and mind-oriented. . "Because he is a dependant who shakes the
silence.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Anything that is determined and effective for him is valued [and] the existence
of impure,

Everyone who sees a beneficiary on oneself is a dependant who shakes the
silence. "

20. The obsession of seeing is indeed not easy to overcome: it is held tightly
    after being selected in the law,

Therefore, everyone rejects and holds the law in those attachments.

"The attachment to seeing is indeed not easy to overcome": "The attachment to
seeing", "The world is constant, this is real, and everything else is empty."
The persistence, clinging to the dwelling place of seeing; the world It's very
constant... (Omitted) The world has boundaries... The world is boundless... Fate
is the body... Fate is one body is another... Tathagata exists after death...
Tathagata does not exist after death... Tathagata after death Existence and
non-existence... "After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist,
this is true, and everything else is empty." "The obsession of seeing is indeed
not easy to overcome": "The obsession of seeing is indeed not easy to overcome,
difficult to surpass, difficult to escape, difficult to overcome, difficult to
surpass, and difficult to overcome." It is not easy to overcome.

"After being selected in the Dhamma, it is held tightly": ""On the Dhamma", in
the sixty-two evil views. "After selection", after decision, after judgment,
after selection, after selection, after evaluation, after judgment , After
separation, after clarification. "To be grasped", limited grasp, partial grasp,
uppermost grasp, fixed amount grasp, accumulation grasp, accumulation grasp:
this is true, truthful, true , Facts, correctness, and not upside down to be
grasped, grasped, clinging, taken, believed to be understood." It means being
held tightly after being selected in the law.

"Therefore everyone is in those attachments": "Therefore", therefore, with that
reason, that cause, that condition, that cause. "Everyone" is all beings, human
beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals, lives, to birth People, sentient
beings, those born to Indra, Manu. "On those attachments", on those attachments
of seeing." For this reason everyone is on those attachments.

"Rejection and Holding Method": ""Rejection", he refuses for two reasons: he
refuses by interruption by others, or he refuses when it is not reached. How to
refuse by interruption by others? Judgment: That master is not all wise men, the
Dhamma is not said to be good, [its] groups are not those who do what is good,
seeing is not good, the path is not set up by the good, the path is not
detached, there is no purity here, Either pure, or all over pure; or free, or
liberated, or all out, where they do not become pure, or become pure, or all
over; or be liberated, or be liberated, or be liberated, It's inferior,
despicable, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, insignificant, and this is
"interrupted by others." In this way, when interrupted, he rejects the master,
the narration of the law, the group, and the meeting , Refuse the path, reject
the Dao, so that it is interrupted by others to reject him. How is he rejected
when it is not reached? He rejects when the precept is not reached, he rejects
when the precept is not reached, and when the precept and forbidden are not
reached He refuses, so he refuses when it is not reached. "And grasping", he
grasps the master, grasps the narration, grasps the group, grasps the view,
grasps the path, grasps the path, he grasps , Perseverance." is the method of
rejection and holding.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The obsession of seeing is indeed not easy to overcome: it is held tightly
after being selected in the law,

Therefore, everyone rejects and holds the law in those attachments. "

21. For those who are cleansed, no matter where in the world there is indeed,
    there are all kinds of prestigious views (all calculations),

After the Cleanser has abandoned deception and slowness, what will he fall into
if he is a non-stalwart?

"For those who are cleansed, there is indeed no place in the world. There are
all kinds of samādhi (management) views": "washing", washing is called wisdom,
which is wisdom, understanding, Simple selection, investigation, method
selection, identification, discrimination, close observation, virtuous wisdom
(erudition), proficiency, cleverness, contemplation, deep contemplation,
examination, vastness (comprehensive), wisdom, wisdom, vipassana, right
knowledge, prickly Stick, Wisdom, Wisdom Root, Wisdom, Wisdom, Wisdom Hall,
Wisdom Guangming, Wisdom Guangliang, Wisdom Light, Wisdom, No-Fool, Choosing
Dhamma, Right View, for what reason is cleansed and called Wisdom? With that
wisdom, the evil deeds of the body are shaken off, cleansed, completely
cleansed, and cleansed away (washing); the evil deeds of speech are shaken off,
cleansed, cleansed completely, cleansed away;Shake off, wash, completely wash,
and leave clean; anger...(slightly) idiotic...anger...resentment...hide evil...
bossy being shaken off, washed, completely cleaned, separated clean; jealous
Being shaken off, washed, completely washed, and cleaned; parsimonious is shaken
off, cleaned, completely cleaned, and cleaned; fake is shaken off, cleaned,
completely cleaned, and cleaned; cunning quilt Shake off, wash, wash completely,
wash away; stubbornness is shaken off, wash, completely wash, wash away;
passion...slow...very slow...slow...relaxation is shaken off, Wash, clean
completely, clean away; all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all
scorching heat, all heat troubles, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, washed,
completely washed, and separated from washing, for this reason Washing is called
Hui.

Or, evil views are shaken off, washed, completely washed, and washed away by
right views; evil views are shaken off, washed, completely washed, and washed
away by right views; evil words are shaken off and washed away by right
words...( N.B.) The evil kamma is shaken off by the right deeds... The evil
destiny is shaken off by the righteous destiny... The evil spirit is shaken off
by the righteous effort... The evil thoughts are shaken off by the righteous
thoughts... The evil deeds are shaken off, washed, and completely washed by the
right concentration. Li cleanse; evil wisdom is shaken off by right wisdom...
evil liberation is shaken off by right liberation, cleansed, completely
cleansed, and cleansed.

Or, all pollution, all evil deeds, all afflictions, all scorching heat, all heat
afflictions, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, cleansed, completely
cleansed, and separated cleansed by the eight holy paths, and the Arahant
possesses, fully possesses, enters , Fully walked in, Fully-sufficient,
Fully-satisfied, possessing these dhammas that can be cleansed. Therefore, the
Arahant is a cleansing person. "He is the one who shakes off the greed, the evil
one, the polluter, and the heat sink. "Is the cleanser. "No matter where", no
matter where, no matter where, no matter where, inside or outside or inside and
outside. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted) in the
world.

There are two kinds of fixed views: the fixed views of [because] desire and the
fixed views of [because] view... (omitted) this is the fixed view of craving...
(omitted) this It's a fixed view. "In all kinds of existence", in all kinds of
kamma, in the desire to have again; in the desire to have, in the form of
existence, in the form of existence, in the form of existence, in the
formlessness There is again; in the kamma of the colorless existence, there is
again and again; in the repeated interest, in the rebirth, in the rebirth, and
in the individual birth. "For those who are cleansed, no matter where they are
in the world, there are indeed no views, and there are all kinds of fixed views
(over-planning)": "For those who are cleansed, no matter where in the world,
there are building on all kinds of things. , Fixed, contrived, make the
cohabitation stand to see that he is not, does not exist, is not known, is not
discovered, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise,
burned by the fire of wisdom ." For those who are cleansed, no matter where in
the world there is indeed no, there are all kinds of fixed views (over-counting)
views.

"The person who cleans up abandons deception and slowness": Deception is called
deception. Here, after a certain type of person performs evil deeds with the
body; after the evil deeds with the language; after the evil deeds with the
intention, the desire to hide the evil is established. He wants "May he not know
me!" He doesn't want to know me!" Say "May he not know me!"; work hard
physically, "May he not know me! [AN.6.45]" In cases of deception, deception,
cross-border (violation), deception like this , Concealment, secret confusion,
concealment, keeping secrets, concealing (keeping secrets all over), covering,
covering all over, undisclosed acts, undisclosed acts, and covering up evil acts
are called deceptions.

"Slow", one kind is slow: that is the height of the heart, two kinds are slow:
self praise is slow, contempt for others is slow, and three kinds are slow: "I
am the winner" is slow, " "I am the same" for slow, "I am the inferior" for
slow, and there are four types of slow: gain to make it slow, reputation to make
it slow, praise to make it slow, and music to make it slow. , Using five as the
slowness: "I do get the desired color." To make it slow, "I do get the desired
sound...(Omitted) smell...taste...touch." To make it slow down, with six Kind is
slow: take the eyes with the feet to make it grow slowly, with the ears with the
feet... with the nose with the feet... with the tongue... with the body... Slow:
slow, extremely slow, slow and extremely slow, humble, slow to increase, I am
slow, evil slow, eight kinds of slow: to get to make it slow, to get it to make
it slow, to Fame makes it slow, namelessness makes it slow, praise makes it
slow, rebuke makes it slow, pleasure makes it slow, suffering makes it slow,
nine kinds of slowness : The winner thinks: "I am the winner" is slow and
excellentThe winner thinks: "I am the same" for slow, the winner thinks: "I am
the inferior" for slow, the same thinks: "I am the winner" for slow, the same
thinks: "I am the same "I am the inferior" for the slow and inferior, thinking:
"I am the winner" for the slow and inferior, thinking: "I am the same" for the
slow and inferior Think: "I am the inferior" as slowness, and ten kinds of
slowness: here, some are born, or by surname, or by good family, or by
appearance and beauty as a lotus, or by property, or by research (acquisition) ,
Or by industry, or by skill, or by illuminating (academic), or by hearing, or by
arguing, or by something to make it slow down, in any situation like this The
vanity of high, high, low, banner, high, heart, this is called slow. "The
cleansed one abandons the deceit and the slow post": "The cleansed one abandons
the deceit and the slow post": "After the cleansed one abandons, after
abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing, and making it go after it
does not exist."

"He is a non-attachment person, what would he fall into?": ""Attachment", there
are two kinds of attachments: the attachment to craving and the attachment to
seeing... (in omitted) this is the attachment to desire... The attachment to
seeing. For him, the attachment to seeing has been cut off; the attachment to
seeing has been cut off, in the state where the attachment to seeing has been
cut off, the attachment to seeing has been cut off, nothing Attached people will
fall in with what greed, with what aversion, with what delusion, with what slow,
with what perception, with what fall, and with what doubt If you fall in, what
kind of potential trouble will you fall into, and become the "infected", or
"disgusting", or "ignorant", or "bound", or "attacker", or "coming to the
scattered The chaos", or "coming to the unsatisfactory", or "coming to the
stalwart"? What kind of state will the state where the deeds have been cut off
and the deeds will fall into the interesting place and become "the hell" , Or
"fallen the animal world", or "hungry ghost world", or "human", or "heaven", or
"colored", or "colorless", or "thinking", or "no thought"者"[, or "Neither a
thinker nor a thoughtless one"]? He has no cause, no predestiny, and no factors
that will fall into it." Because he is an unattached person, what would he fall
into?

Because of that, the Lord said:

"For those who are cleansed, there is indeed no place in the world, and there
are all kinds of prestigious views (all calculations),

After the Cleanser has abandoned deception and slowness, what will he fall into
if he is a non-stalwart? "

22. The climber has indeed reached a dispute on the various laws. How and how
    can one say that there is no attachment?

What        took and rejected did not exist for him, and he wiped out everything
in this life.

"Climbers have indeed reached controversy in all dhammas": ""Climbing", there
are two kinds of climbing: the craving and seeing... (slightly) this is the
craving... ( (Normal) This is the climbing of seeing. For him, the climbing of
thirsty has not been cut off; the climbing of seeing has not been cut off, in
the state of being unbreaked, the climbing of seeing The state of unrecognition
reached disputes in the dhamma, becoming the "infected", or the "disgusting", or
the "stupid", or the "bound", or the "holding", or "coming To the disorganized",
or "coming to the undesirable", or "coming to the fortitude", the state of the
unremoved, the unresolved state of the creations, in the interest of the
controversy, becomes the "fall to hell" "People", or "Those who fell into the
animal world", or "Those who fell into the hungry ghost world", or "Human", or
"Heaven", or "Colored", or "Colorless", or "Thinking", or " The controversy of
the non-thinking person, or the "neither the thinker nor the non-thinking
person," he arrives, arrives, holds, grasps, and obsessively." The climber does
reach the dispute in all dhamma.

"How and by what can be said of the non-attachment": ""Climbing", there are two
kinds of climbing: craving and seeing... (slightly) this is craving... (slightly
omitted) ) This is the climbing of seeing. For him, the climbing of thirsty has
been cut off; the climbing of seeing has been cut off, and the state of being
cut off by the climbing of thirsty, the climbing of seeing The state of being
cut off, with what greed can say, what can be said with hatred, what can be said
with ignorance, what can be said with slowness, what can be said with what is
seen, what can be said with what can be said, what can be said with what doubt,
In terms of the underlying tendency of trouble, can you say that the
non-attachment person is the "infected", or the "disgusting", or the "ignorant",
or the "bound", or the "attacker", or "coming to the chaotic" ", or "coming to
the unsatisfactory", or "coming to the stalwart"? What can be said of the state
in which the deeds have been cut off, and the deceived ones, and become
"hells"... (Omitted) or "Thinking or thinking"? He has no cause, no fate,
noThere are factors that can say, can tell, can talk, can explain, and can
speak. "Why and how can one say that there is no attachment?

"Takes and rejects do not exist for him": "The "takes" are for me to see, he
does not have, the "rejected" is for the extinction, he does not; the "takes"
for the grasp Yes, he did not, and the "rejected" is the one that should be
released, he does not. Anything that should be held, there is something that
should be released; everything that should be released, there are those that
should be held. Pick up , Release has been surpassed, and the Arahant has
surpassed consciousness and retreat. He is a person who has fallen into a state,
who has practiced, who has completed the journey, who has reached the direction,
the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth." The refusal does not exist
for him.

"In this life he sweeps away all views": "For him, the sixty-two evil views have
been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire
of wisdom, and all evil views are on him. Sweep, shake off, shake off
completely, shake down, give up, drive away, make the end, make it go to
non-existence in this life." In this life, he sweeps away everything.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Climbers have indeed reached controversy over all dhammas, how and how can one
say that there is no attachment?

What        took and rejected did not exist for him, and he wiped out everything
in this life. "

Disgusting eight groups of sutras say the third [completed].





Summary:

1. How can one's own views span? Being fixed by desires and personal preferences
   (=holding firmly after choosing the law=rejecting and holding method) ⇒
   speaking falsehoods as true as knowing + reaching disputes.

2. Saying that moral virtue (self-expensive) is not the holy law (the same is
   true if it is cheap).

12/11/2020 05:55


