5. Explanation of the highest eight sets

Secondly, the statement of the highest eight sets of Scriptures will say:

Seeing those who remain in the "supreme": whosoever is higher in the world,

From there he says that all others are "bad", so the argument is not overcome.

"See those who remain in the Highest": "Some of Samana and Brahmen are evil, and
they take one of the wickedness of the Sixty-two: This is the highest, the
first, the most victorious, the superior, The top, the top." After holding,
after grasping, after picking up, after taking, after performing, after holding,
after holding, staying in their respective see, staying, staying (all over),
such as staying at home, or guilty in sin, or polluted Contamination lived.
Similarly, some of Samana and Brahmen were evil, and they took one of the
wickedness of the Sixty-two: "This is the highest, the first, the most
victorious, the first, the highest, the highest, the highest." After holding,
after grasping, after picking up, after performing, after clinging, they stay in
their own see, stay, stay (all over)." For those staying at the "highest".

"Whosoever is higher in the world": "Yada" is the ya. "The kurute higher", the
kuri, the higher, the first, the winner, the top, the top, the top, the highest.
"This master is the wise man" He is the better, the first, the most victorious,
the supreme, the top, the top, the top, the highest; this law is said to be
good... this group is a person who works according to the good... ... This is
good... This is a sign of good standing... "This way is departed. He is the
higher, the first, the most victorious, the first, the highest, the highest, the
highest, the highest, the highest, the highest, and the highest, and he gives
birth to him. Born. "Man" for living beings, human beings,... (Central) The born
of Monu. "In the world", in the worldly world... (Medium) in the world." For
whosoever is set higher in the world.

"From there he says that all others are the "bad": "except the narration of his
master, the law, the group, see, track, and his way, he forsakens, pulled up,
surrounded all the discourse: 'The master is not everything The wise man, the
law is not righteous, and [his] group is not a person who walks by the good,
seeing is not good, the way is not settled, the way is not departed, there is no
purity, or purification, or all pure; from, or From all over, where they have
not become pure, or purified, or all over pure, or freed, or freed, or
dissolved, are inferior, inferior, inferior, low, inferior, inferior, inferior,
inferior, inferior, Trivial. So, say so, talk, so explain, so to say, so to
say." For from there he says all the others as "the bad."

"Therefore, the argument will not be overcome": "Therefore, that reason; that
cause; that edge; that reason. "Argument", see the quarrel, the argument of the
see, the dispute of the see, the argument of the see, the dissent. "Not
overcome", not to be crossed, not crossed, not overcome. For that reason the
argument is not overcome.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Those who have stayed in the Highest: whosoever is set higher in the world,

From there he says that all others are "bad", so the argument is not overcome."

32. Whosoever sees benefits in himself, in his sight, he or she is heard, and
    forbidden or perceived,

And then he was there clenched and saw everything else as despicable.

"Whosoever sees benefits in himself, in his sight, and he is heard, forbidden or
perceived": "Whose+on himself" is whoever - on himself. He is called evil, and
he sees his own vision two benefits: the benefit of life and the benefit of the
future. What are the benefits of seeing when? Where the master has seen, the
disciples also have, to the master, the disciples respectfully, respect,
respect, worship [, respect], for that reason he received clothes, food,
shelter, patient needs, medicine Essentials, which are seen when effective
benefits. What are the benefits of seeing in the future? This is enough to be
the state of the dragon (Dragon Realm), or the state of Goldwingbird, or the
state of Yashura, or the state of Asura, or the state of the King, or the state
of Indra, or the state of Fantah , or the state of the day, this is enough to
belong to pure, clean, all pure; detach, release, all over, to this see them
purified, cleansed, become pure; detachment, release, all over, "with this See
that I will be pure, cleansed, purified, purified; detach, release, from all
over." Expectation for future fruitsThe person. This is the benefit of seeing in
the future. He saw the two benefits of his own sight... he saw the two benefits
of the pure two... he saw what he heard of purity two benefits... he saw the
ring purity two benefits... he saw the two benefits of forbidden purity. ... He
saw the two benefits of perceived purity: the benefits of life and the benefits
of the future. What are the benefits of perceived purity? Where the masters have
seen, the disciples also have... (medium) This is the benefit of the feeling of
pure life. What are the benefits of perceived purity in the future? This is
enough to be the state of the dragon (dragon)... (medium) This is the benefits
of the perceptible purity of the future, the two benefits of perceived purity,
he sees, sees, gares, quietly, observes." For whosoever sees benefits in
himself, they see, and what they smell, and forbidden or feel.

"Then he clenched there": "And that is for that evil. "There," in their own
sight, in their own likes, in their own hobbies, in their own claims. "After
holding," "This is the highest, the first, the most winning, the superior, the
top, the top, the top." After he holds, after grasping, after picking up, after
performing, and after clinging. For that he was there clenched after.

"See everything else is despicable": "He thinks, sees, sees, looks, observes,
observes other masters, the narrative of the law, groups, see, signs, the way is
inferior, despicable, inferior, low, inferior Intentional, trivial." To see
everything else for despicable.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Whosoever sees benefits in himself, in his sight, and he is heard, and
forbidden or perceived,

Then he was there to hold, and saw everything else as despicable."

33. The good ones say that it is a bond: whosoever stops and those who see
    others are inferior,

Therefore, what you see or heard or feel, abduction and prohibition of Picchu
should not be stopped.

"The good ones say that it is a bond": "The good ones, those who are good, those
who are good, those who are good, those who are good, those who have arisen,
those who read the best, those who are good, those who are righteous, People,
the good, the good, the good, the good, the good, the good, the good, the
Nibbana, the skilful, those who are good, say, "This is the bond, this is the
bond, this is the bondage, this is the bondage. Obstacle. And they say so, tell
it, and say so, and say so. It's a tie for the good guys.

"Whosoever stops and behold other inferior": "Whosoever stops", master, lecture
of the law, groups, see, signs, follow the way, the rest of the way, the
sticker, the entrant, the dye, the heart Towards (victory). "Seeing other as the
inferior," he thinks, sees, sees, observes, observes, observes, observes other
masters, the narrative of the law, groups, see, signs, the way is inferior,
despicable, inferior, low, Inferior intentions, trivial." For whosoever stops
and those who see the other are inferior.

"Therefore, what he saw or heard or thought, should not stop and forbidden
Picchu": "Therefore, therefore, that reason; that reason; that cause; that
cause; that reason, he should not hold, should not hold, should not Execute, do
not hold on what you see, or what is seen, or what is heard, or heard, or
perceived, or perceived, or quit, or quit, or forbidden, or forbidden." As a
result of what you saw or heard or thought, the abduction and prohibition of
Picchu should not be stopped.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The good ones say that it is a bond: whosoever bears and those who behold
others are inferior,

Therefore, what you see or heard or feel, quit and forbidden Picchu should not
be stopped."

34. Nor should it be built in the world: by wisdom or with restraint,

You should not guide yourself as "equal", nor should it be considered inferior
or peculiar.

"Nor shall it be built in the world: by wisdom or by abstinence and forbidden":
"It shall not be built with eight supreme wisdom, or by wickedness, or by
wickedness, or by forbidden, or by forbidden or by restraint and forbidden. The
production, make it born, make it born. "In the world," in the worlds of bitter
worlds... Nor should they be built in the world, by wisdom or by forbidden.

"Should not guide yourself as' equal '": "Should not be given by birth, or by
surname, or a good family, or as a beautiful lotus, or property, or by research
(acquisition), or employment, or by a workmanship , or by the public (academic),
or by the word, or by the argument, or by something to guide myself as 'I am the
same. '" as should not guide yourself as "equalof".

"Nor should they be considered inferior or victorious": "I should not be guided
by birth, or by a surname... (middle) or by something as 'I am the inferior. ' I
should not be guided by birth, or by last name... (middle) or by something as 'I
am the winner. '" For that should not be considered inferior or peculiar.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Nor should it be built in the world, see, by wisdom or by forbidden,

They should not be guided as "equal", nor should they be considered inferior or
victorious."

35. He shall not rely on his wisdom to become a not-taking person after
    disclosing what has been obtained,

He does not indeed be a conquer in the divided, and he does not return to any
see.

"Break off what has been obtained and become a no-take": """Break off what has
been obtained" to break off me after seeing; "Break off what has been obtained"
to disconnect me after (Sri Lanka version); "Disconnect has been obtained" is
"by thirst love, He who has seen, has been held, taken, taken, taken,
trustworthy, trustworthy, trustworthy, discarded, after he has discarded,
deported, after the end, and made it to abstain." For the break has been
obtained after. "The underer", taken from four kinds to become a non-take, not
holder, undeemer, non-persistent. To disconnect what has been obtained to become
a no-trader.

"Neither does he rely on wits": "He does not build, make it produce, produce it,
make it live, give it birth, make it born, and give it a thirst for love or on
it." And for him will not rely on wisdom.

"He does not indeed be a group in divided": "He is not in the divided, broken,
falling into two (contradictory), born two (doubts), different opinions,
different likes, different hobbies , different claims, the rest of the different
views, the desire should not travel, he should not travel around, the obsession
should not travel, the man who should not travel horror should not walk, he does
not want to walk should not walk, do not go around, do not go obsessed should
not walk, do not go horror should not walk, do not go because of greedy, do not
go because of obsession, do not go because of obsession, do not walk because of
slow, do not go because of seeing, Do not go because of the fall, do not go
because of doubt, do not worry about the potential trend and go, not to be
discarded, guided, carried, conquered." It is true that he is not in the split
as a conquer.

"He does not return to any see": "For him, Sixty-two evil things have been cut
off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, burned by wisdom; he does
not return, nor return to any evil opinion." For him does not return to any see.

Because then, Worldman said:

"And he shall become a man without taking away what has been obtained, neither
shall he rely on his wits.

Indeed, he is not a conquer in the divided, and he does not return to see
anything."

36. For him there is no oath on either side: for the sake of being, here or in
    his bounds,

For him any live does not exist: in law selected after being clenched.

"For him there is no oath on both sides": "Whosoever is to him", for Arrohan;
for those who have troubled. "Side", touch as one side, the touch set is the
second side; the past is one side, the future is the second side; the joy is one
side, suffering for the second side; named side, color for the second side; six
inside is one side, six outside for the second side; There is a body set for the
second side. The vow is called thirsty love, it is greed, lust (total greed)...
(medium) greed, greed, bad root.

"For all kinds of have": for the kind of trade, in order to have something, to
have a business, for color again; for colourless, for colourless, In order to
have again and again; in order to have fun, in order to be born again, in order
to be born again, for the birth of the individual again. "Here": Own
Individuals, "In His Boundaries": Other Individuals; "Here": Own Color Wanted,
"In His Boundaries": Other Colors Wanted; "Here": Six Inside, "In His Boundaries
"Six Outside; "Here": The World of Man, "In His Boundary": Heaven; "Here":
Wills, "In His Boundaries": Colours, Without Color; "Here": Dewers, Colours, "In
Him" : No color. "Whosoever has vows on both sides of him is not here: for a
kind of have, here or in his bounds": "Whosoever is on both sides, for the sows
of having, here or in his bounds, and thirst to love them not, Not exist, not
known, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being
born, burned by wisdom fire." For where to him in twoThe oath of the edge is not
here: for the kind to be there, here or in his bounds.

"For him any dwelling does not exist": "dwell", there are two kinds of
dwellings: the thirst dwelt and see dwelt... (medium) This is the dwelling of
thirsty love... "To him", for Arrohan; for those who have troubled. "For him any
dwelling does not exist": "For him whoever dwells absent, no, does not exist,
does not exist, not known, not found, has been cut off, severed, calmed down,
stopped, cannot be born, Burned by Wisdom Fire. For him any live does not exist.

"Clenched after being chosen in law": "In law, "in law," in the wickedness of
62. "After selection", after decision, after decision, after selection, after
selection, after measurement, after judgment, after separation, after figure
out. "Be clenched", limited grip, part grip, top grip, fixed grip, accumulate
grip, fully accumulate grip: 'This is true, truthful, true, true, correct,
inverted. ' They are held, taken, taken, taken, tracked, believed, they are not,
do not exist, not known, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped,
incapable of being born, by wisdom fire Burning." To be clenched after a
decision in law.

Because then, Worldman said:

"There is no oath to him on either side: for the breed to be, here, or in his
bounds,

For him any dwelling does not exist: being clenched after a decision in law."

37. For him here, in his sight, what he heard and felt, there was no fine
    definition (all over) thought,

Who can classify [him] in this world, the Brahman, who does not pick up his
sight?

"For him there is no fine definition (all over) thought here in what he saw,
heard, and felt": "For him, for Arrohan; for those who are troubled.
(sañādhipateyatā, sañādhipateyatā for him in the case of seeing, seeing, seeing,
or seeing cleanliness, or feeling, or feeling of cleanliness, or perceived
cleanliness. (PTS version), in order to want to argue, to be generated, fully
generated, built, built, made, made, so that the cohabiting to see him did not
exist, did not exist, not known, not found, have been given off Broken, severed,
calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire." For him here,
there is no slight definition (all over) thought in what he saw, heard, and
felt.

"The Brahmen, do not pick up": "Brahmen", the seven laws of the excluded state
is Brahmen: a person is excluded... (middle) does not stop, like this can be
called he is Brahmen. "The Brahman, who does not pick up his sight": "The
Brahman is the man who does not pick up the sight, the unholder, the undeemer,
the undeeming. For that Brahman, do not pick up the sight.

"Who can classify [him] in this world": "Classification", there are two
categories: [because] the classification of love and [because] see the
classification... (middle) This is the classification of thirsty love...
(middle) This is the classification of see . For him the classification of
thirsty love has been cut off, see the classification has been dismissed, the
state of the disconnected state of the classification of thirsty, see the
classification of the dismissed state, by what kind of greedy classification, by
what can be classified, to What kind of stupid can classify, what slow can
classify, what can be classified, what can be classified by what doubts can be
classified, what annoyance potential trend can classify [he], become a "dye", or
"evil person Or 'foolish' or 'bond' or 'bond' or 'door', or 'coming to the
dissipate', or 'coming to the unconsented', or 'coming to the forced'? The state
of which the creations have been cut off and created have been cut off by
classifying the fun of what can be, become "Fallen Hell," or "Fallen Beast," or
"Devil Hunger", or "Man", or "Heaven", or A colourless person, or a "colorless"
or "thinker", or "unwittless", or "neither thinkable nor unwittless"? He has no
reason, no fate, and no factor to classify, to distinguish, and to come. "In the
world," in the worlds of bitter worlds... For who can classify [him] in this
world.

Because then, Worldman said:

"For him here, there is no fine definition (all over) thought, in what he saw,
heard, and felt,

Who can classify [him] in this world, the Brahman, who does not pick up his
sight?"

38. They do not construct, do not value, nor do they receive justice,

Brahmen will not be guided and forbidden. Those who have come to the other side
like that do not return.

"They do not build, do not value": "Construct", there are two types of
constructions: [because] love constructs and [because] see constructs, what is
the construction of thirsty love? All are called as boundaries, as realms, as
bounds, bounds, clutched, taken as their own: This is mine, this is mine, so
much is mine, so much is mine, this is mine, so much is mine, and this is The
range is mine; my color, voice, smell, taste, touching, spreading things, coats,
maid and maid, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephant, cattle and horses,
mule horses, fields, homes, gold, gold, gold coins, Villages, towns, kings,
places, warehouses, warehouses, all the earth, because of their thirst and love,
all hundred and eight kinds of thirsty love tide [AN.4.199], this is thirsty
love Construct.

What is the construction of see? There are twenty personal opinions, ten
wickedness, ten sidelines, and ten sidelines, such as such see, evil opinion,
jungle, desert, distorted, shaken, bound, seppling, acceptance, Hold, perform,
clamp, upside down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside
down (vipallāsa) ) Clasping, the grip of evil, the "[see] true in the untrue"
clasp, all come to the 62nd evil view, which is the construction of see. "For
them the construction of love has been cut off, the construction of see has been
dismissed, to the longest of the construction of the broken state, the
construction of see the state of dismissed, the longing construction or the
construction of the see they do not Construct, do not produce it, not produce
it, do not give birth, do not give birth to it. ' Not built for them.

"No attention", "attention", there are two kinds of importance: [because] the
importance of love and [because] see... (middle) This is the importance of
thirsty love... (medium) This is the importance of seeing. For them the
attention of thirst love has been cut off, the attention of seeing has been
dismissed, the state of the attention of thirsty love has been cut off, see the
attention of the state of dismissed, they put (do) without thirst love or
invisible in front ( After the line, no thirst for love as a flag, no thirst
love for building, no thirst love is increased, no sight as the flag, invisible
as the building, no sight is increased, do not be thirsty love or see follow."
For them do not build, no attention.

"For them the law is not received": "The law is called Sixty-two evil opinions.
"To them," for those who have arohan, have exhausted their troubles. "Not
received," "The world is constant, this is true, the rest is empty." Not to be
received; the world is very constant... (medium) the world is borderless... Life
is the body... life is another body... after death is not there... After death
exists and does not exist... "After death is neither there nor non-existent,
this is true, the others are empty." Not to be received." For them justice is
not received.

"Brahmen will not be quoted and forbidden to guide": "No" is no. "Brahmen", the
seven laws of the excluded state for Brahmen: a person is excluded... (medium)
does not stop, like this can be called he is Brahmen. "Brahmen will not be
quoted and forbidden": "Brahmen are not quoted or forbidden or forbidden to
carry away, take away, carry, carry, carry, carry." For Brahmen will not be
quoted and forbidden to guide.

"Those who have come to the other side like that do not return": "'The other
shore is called Nibbana, undead, that is the end of all doings, all according to
the judgment, the thirst of love is extinct, greed, wiped, He is the one who has
come to the other side; he who has reached the other side, has reached the
ultimate (target); he has reached the end of the end; he has reached the end of
the end... life and death, without his regeneration." For those who have come to
the other "Do not return", "where the pollution is to be cut off, those
pollution he no longer experience, do not return, do not return; where the
pollution is cut off, those polluted he no longer experience, do not return, do
not return; any is Do not pay off the pollution, those polluters he no longer
experience, do not return, do not return; any pollution that is cut off by
Arrohan Road, those polluters he no longer experience, does not return, do not
return, do not go back." Do not return for those who have arrived on the other
"Like that," Arrohan is like that in five ways: in which they are satisfied or
dissatisfied; the "forsaken" is like, "the passing" is like, and "the freed."
For those who are like that; it is described as like that.

How is Arrohan in either satisfied or unsatisfied for those like that? Arrohan
was given to be like that; and he was not given as such; inThere are] those who
are honorable as well; for those who have no honor (evil criticism); for those
who are like that in praise; they are like in rebuke; and for those who are like
that in music; and in bitterness Some wrist spices, some wrist will work with an
axe: he has no greedy in the same way; there is no evil in that way, has been
cut off with greed and evil, has overcome victory or defeat, has crossed
obedience and opposition , so that Arrohan is in either satisfied or unsatisfied
for those like that.

How is Arrohan "the Abandoned" for a person like that? Alrohan's greed has been
abandoned, spit out, released, dismissed, dismissed;... (medium) obsession...
anger... resentment... hiding evil... arbitrary... jealousy... hypocrisy...
cunning... stubborn... Passion... slow... slow... slow... relax... all
pollution... all evil deeds... all irritated... all hot... all irritated... all
bad work has been abandoned, spit out, released, dismissed. , Conception, so
that Arrohan, "the forsaken" is like that.

How is Arrohan's "Waiver" for a person like that? "The riot of Arrohan's desire
has passed; some of them have passed; the torrents of see have passed; the
unclear rim has passed; all the circuits have passed, have come out, have
crossed, crossed, crossed, overcome, he is The person who has descended, the
actor who has practiced [, the journey has been completed, has arrived], life
and death reincarnation, without his regeneration." This is the Allohan "who has
passed" to be like that.

How is Arrohan's "freed" to be like that? Alohan's heart has been from greedy,
relief, good relief; the heart has been dissociated from the evil, relief, good
relief; the heart has been dissociated from the idiot, free, good relief; from
anger... from resentment... hiding evil... from arbitrariness... from arbitrary
... from jealousy... from stingy... from hypocrisy... from crafty... from
stubborn... from passion... from extreme slow... from slow... from ease... from
all pollution... from all evil deeds... from everything Annoying... from all hot
heat... from all worries... from all bad heart to create separation, relief,
good relief, so that Allohan "freed" is like that.

How is Arrohan that described as a person like that? Arrohan "is a ring in the
ring" described as a person like that; "Believer in the letter" is described as
a person like that; "Vibrant in vitality" is described as a person like that;
"There is in mind "The Renders" is described as the person like that; "On the
Saying is the Saying" is described as the one who is like that; "There is a man
of wisdom in the gosh." It is described as a person like that; "There is a
Sanmise in the clear." That; "The six god in God," described as like that, and
this is the one who arohan describes as like that." For those who have come to
the other side like that do not return.

Because then, Worldman said:

"They do not build, they have no value, nor will they be given the means to
them,

Brahmen will not be guided and forbidden, and those who have come to the other
side do not return."

The highest eight set of the note fifth [completed].





Excerpt:

1. inexpensive he is tied, arguing.

2. should not be eight to wit/five wicked/quanting and forbidden construction
   see.

3. slow: should not guide myself as I wait for me to win me bad.

4. break me without taking the mind, not into the group, do not return to the
   evil, do not live (hold law), do not vow (paidhi-wish/ambition) kinds of.

12/11/2020 10:40

