5. Explanation of the highest eight groups
    Secondly, the explanation of the highest eight groups will say:
    31. Those who stay in the "highest": those who are higher in the world,
       From there he said that all other people are "inferior", so the argument cannot be overcome.
"Those who stay on the "highest" view": "Some Samana and Brahmins are evil views. They take one of the sixty-two evil views as: "This is the highest, the first, the most victorious , Extraordinary, top, top, top." After grasping, grasping, picking up, clinging, clinging, they live, check in, live in, stay (over stay) ), such as living in the family's home, or the guilty person living in sin, or the polluter living in the pollution. Similarly, some Samana and Brahmins are evil views, and they use one of the six evil views Seen as: "This is the highest, the first, the most victorious, the victorious, the top, the top, the top." After grasping, grasping, picking up, grasping, clinging, they Live, check in, live in, and stay (live all over) at each meeting." means staying at the "highest" meeting.
"Whoever puts the higher ones in the world": ""Yada" is all (yaṃ). "Kurute is higher", to be the higher (karoti), the first and the most Triumphant, superior, supreme, supreme, top. "This master is all wise men." He made (thinks) the superior, the first, the most superior, the superior, the first, The highest and the most top; this Dhamma is said by the good...This group is the one who walks according to the good...This view is good...This path is good and peaceful..."This way is renunciation" He To be more superior, to be the first, the most victorious, the superior, the first, the top, the top, he makes it arise and make it arise. "Man" is for all beings, human beings,...( (Omitted) Those born of Manu. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (Omitted in the world)." Those who are higher in the world.
"From there he said that all other people are "inferior"": "Except for his own master, the narration of the Dhamma, the group, the view, the path, the way, he abandons, uproots, and surrounds all dissent: "That master is not everything The wise, the Dhamma is not said to be good, [its] groups are not those who do what is good, seeing that it is not good, the deeds are not set up by the good, the way is not detached, there is no purity, or purity, or purity; detachment; , Or liberation, or all-out, without them becoming pure, or becoming pure, or all-over, or being separated, or being liberated, or being all-out, it is inferior, despicable, inferior , Inferior, inferior intent, insignificant." So, so to speak, so to speak, so to explain, so to speak." From there he said that all others are "inferior."
"Therefore arguing cannot be overcome": "'Therefore," the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause. "Arguments", quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, and disagreements. "Not to be overcome", not to be traversed, not to be crossed, not to be overcome." Because of this, I argue that I cannot be overcome.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Meet those who stay in the "highest": those who are higher in the world,
       From there, he said that all other people are "inferior", so the argument cannot be overcome. "
     32. Anyone who sees benefits in himself, in what he sees, hears, precepts and prohibitions or feels,
       After he held it tightly there, he looked at everything else as despicable.
"Anyone who sees benefits in himself is in what he sees, hears, precepts and prohibitions or what he feels": ""What + is on himself" is what is on himself. He is called evil, and he sees his own There are two kinds of benefits of seeing: the benefits of the current life and the benefits of the afterlife. What is the benefit of seeing? Everyone sees what the master has, and so does the disciples. For that view of the master, the disciples respect, respect, respect, and worship [, Respect], because of that, he got clothes, food, shelter, patient's needs, and medical necessities. This is the life benefit of seeing. What is the afterlife benefit of seeing? This seeing is enough to become a dragon (Dragon World), Or the state of the golden-winged bird, or the state of Yasha, or the state of Asura, or the state of Ganda, or the state of the King, or the state of Indra, or the state of Brahma, or the state of heaven. This is enough to be Belongs to pure, pure, all-over purity; separation, liberation, all-over-freeness, see them become pure, become pure, all-over purity by this; separation, liberation, all-over all-free Purity; detachment, liberation, detachment all over." Expectation of future fruitBy. This is the afterlife benefit of seeing. He saw the two benefits of his own vision... He saw the two benefits of the purity of what he saw... He saw the two benefits of the purity of what he heard... He saw the two benefits of the purity of the precepts... He saw the two benefits of the prohibition of purity Benefit... He saw two benefits of purity: the benefits of the present life and the benefits of the afterlife. What is the immediate benefit of perceived purity? Whatever the master sees, the disciples also have... (slightly omitted) This is the immediate benefit of the perceived purity. What is the benefit of the perceived purity of the afterlife? This seeing is enough to become the state of the dragon (Dragon Realm)...(slightly omitted) This is the benefit of the afterlife of perceived purity. He sees, sees, stares at, contemplates, and observes the two benefits of perceived purity. "For those who see benefits in themselves, in what they see, hear, precept and prohibit or feel.
"Just after he is there to hold on tightly": ""Just that" is the evil view. "There", in their own views, in their likes, in their hobbies, in their opinions "After holding tightly", "This is the highest, the first, the best, the best, the top, the top, the top." After he controls, grasps, picks up, grasps After, after clinging to it." Weiyi was there after he held it tightly.
"Look at everything else as despicable": "He thinks, sees, sees, gazes, meditates, observes other masters, the narration of the Dhamma, the group, the seeing, the path, the Tao is inferior, despicable, inferior, inferior , Inferior intent, insignificant." To see everything else as despicable.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anyone who sees benefits in himself, in what he sees, hears, precepts and prohibitions or feels,
       After he held it tightly there, he looked at everything else as despicable. "
     33. Skilled people say that it is a bond: those who depend on others and those who look at others as bad,
       Therefore, the monks should not keep to what they see or hear or feel.
"Skillful ones say that it is a binding": "'Skillful ones," those who have skillful ones, those who are skilled in the world, those who are skillful, those who are dependent on the skillful, those who mindful of the skillful, those who are diligent and skillful We, the clever ones, the clever ones, the clever ones, the clever ones, the clever ones, the clever ones, the clever ones, the clever ones, the clever ones, those clever ones say: "This is the binding , This is adhesion, this is bondage, and this is obstacle." They say so, tell so, tell so, explain so, speak so." For the skillful people say that is a bond.
"Those who are dependent and those who look at others are inferior": ""Whoever is dependent", where the master, the narration of the Dhamma, the group, the view, the path, the dependent, the completely dependent, the sticky Entrants, dyers, and those who turn their minds toward (victorious solutions). "Look at others who are inferior." He thinks, sees, sees, gazes, contemplates, considers, observes other masters, the narration of Dhamma, groups, sees, Taoism, Taoism is inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, insignificant." For those who rely on and look at others as inferior.
"Therefore, the monk should not adhere to what he sees or hears or feels. The monk should not adhere to the precepts and prohibitions." "Therefore", therefore; that reason; that cause; that condition; that cause, he should not adhere to, should not hold, There should be no clinging to or clinging to what you see, or what you see, or what you hear, or what you hear, or what you feel, or what you feel, or what you see, or what you feel, or what you feel, or what you are doing What one hears or feels, the monk should not follow the precepts and prohibitions.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Skillful people say that it is a bond: those who depend on others and those who see others as bad,
       Therefore, the monks should not keep to what they see or hear or feel. "
    34. It should not be built in the world. See: wisdom or precept and restraint,
       should not lead oneself to be "equal", nor should it be considered inferior or superior.
"In the world should not be built to see: wisdom or precept and prohibition": "There should not be eight levels of wisdom, or five divine powers, or evil wisdom, or precept, or prohibition, or precept and prohibition. It is forbidden to build, make it produce, make it produce, make it arise, make it appear. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted) in the world." For the world should not be built to see. Or take precepts and prohibitions.
"You should not be guided to be "equal"": "You should not be born, or surname, or good family, or beauty as a lotus, or property, or research (acquisition), or career , Or use skill, or clear (academic), or hear, or argue, or use something to lead oneself as "I am equal"." It means that one should not lead oneself as "equal"of".
"Nor should be considered inferior or superior": "You should not be guided by birth, or by surname... (omitted) or by something as "I am an inferior." You should not be born or by surname... …(Omitted) Or use something to guide yourself as "I am the winner." It should not be considered inferior or superior.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "In the world should not be built. See: wisdom or precept and restraint,
       should not lead oneself to be "equal," nor should it be considered inferior or superior. "
     35. After he has given up what he has gained, he becomes an author who does not take away, he does not rely on wisdom,
       He is indeed not a member of the divided group, and he does not return to anything.
"Destroy what has been gained and become the author without taking the author": ""Descission of what has been gained" refers to the abandonment of my post-seeing; "Descission of what has been gained" refers to the abandonment of ego (Sri Lanka version); "Because of thirsting, seeing, grasping, grasping, clinging, taking, and believing after he has given up, after he has given up, after being driven away, after the end, and after he has made it go to non-existence "." is the result of discarding what has been obtained. "The one who does not take the author", from the four types of writing to the one who does not take the author, the one who does not hold, the one who does not cling, the one who does not cling. Author.
"He also does not rely on wisdom": "He does not use eight levels to achieve wisdom, or use the five gods to power wisdom, or use evil wisdom to establish, produce, produce, produce, produce, and produce the dependence of thirst Stop or rely on seeing." He doesn't rely on wisdom either.
"He really is not a member of the divided group": "He really is not the divided, broken, falling into two (contradictions), arising two (doubts), different opinions, different likes, different Hobbies, different opinions, dependents of different opinions, those who should not behave if they desire, those who shouldn't behave if they want, those who shouldn't behave in abusive ways, those who shouldn't behave in foolish ways, and those who should not be afraid Among those who do not follow desires, those who do not want to behave, those who are not abusive, those who are not foolish, should not behave, those who do not follow terror, they should not behave because of greed, and those who are not abusive. Walk, don't walk because of ignorance, don't walk because of slowness, don't walk because of seeing, don't walk away because of seeing, don't walk because of suspicion, don't walk because of potential troubles, and don't be driven or guided by discord and legality , Carry, conquer." Because he is indeed not a member of the divided group.
"He does not return to any view": "For him, the sixty-two evil views have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, and he will not return or return. Any bad views." Because he didn't return to any views.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After he discards what he has gained, he becomes a non-author, he does not rely on wisdom,
       He is indeed not a member of the divided group, and he does not return to anything. "
    36. There is no vow on both sides for him here: for all kinds of existence, here or in other world,
       For him, any existence does not exist: it is held tightly after being selected by law.
     "There is no vow on both sides for him": "For him", for the Arahat; for the one who has exhausted his troubles. "Side", touch is one side, touch collection is the second side; the past is one side, the future is the second side; pleasure is one side, suffering is the second side; name one side, color is the second side; It is one side, the six outside is the second side; there is body as one side, and the body set is the second side. Vows are called cravings, which are the roots of greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesomeness.
"For all kinds of existence": all kinds of existence for the sake of kamma, for the desire to have again; for the kamma for desire to have, for the sake of color; for the kamma to exist for color, for colorlessness There is a kamma, in order to have it again and again; for repeated interest, for repeated rebirth, for repeated rebirth, for repeated individual birth. "Here": one's own individual, "in the other world": other individuals; "here": one's own body and perception, "in other world": other body and perception; "here": six Inner place, "in the other world": the six outer places; "here": the human world, "in the other world": the heavenly world; "here": the desire world, "in the other world": the physical world, the non-material world; Here": Desire Realm, Material Realm, "In Other Realm": Colorless Realm. "Any vows on both sides for him are not here: for all kinds of existence, here or in another world": "Any vows for him on both sides, for all kinds of existence, here or in other worlds, craving They don't, don't exist, don't know, don't be discovered, they have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom."The vows on the side are not here: for all kinds of existence, here or in other worlds.
"For him, any dwelling does not exist": "Dwelling", there are two kinds of dwelling: the dwelling of thirsting and the dwelling of seeing... (omitted) this is dwelling of thirsty... (omitted) This is live by seeing. "For him", for the Arahat; for the one who has exhausted his troubles. "For him any dwelling does not exist": "For him, any dwelling does not exist, does not exist, does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, and stopped , Cannot arise, be burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, any dwelling does not exist.
"After being selected in the Dhamma, it is held tightly": ""On the Dhamma", in the sixty-two evil views. "After selection", after decision, after judgment, after selection, after selection, after evaluation, after judgment , After separation, after clarification. "To be grasped", limited grasp, partial grasp, uppermost grasp, fixed amount grasp, accumulation grasp, complete accumulation grasp: "This is true, truthful, true, fact , Correct, not upside-down." While being held, grasped, attached, taken, and believed, they do not, do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, have been cut off, cut off, Being calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." It means being held tightly after the decision on the law.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Any vow on both sides for him is not here: for all kinds of existence, here or in another world,
       For him, any existence does not exist: it is held tightly after the decision is made in law. "
    37. For him, there is no detailed thoughts on what he sees, hears, and feels.
       That Brahmin who doesn't pick up the person who sees, who can classify [him] in this world?
"For him, there is no fine-grained thoughts on what he has seen, heard, or felt." "'For him', for the Arahat; for the person who has exhausted troubles. He said that in what he sees, or what he sees is pure, or what he hears, or what he hears, or what he feels, or what he feels is pure, he wants to be the leading situation, the situation of increase (saññādhipateyyatā, PTS version), to think Disputing, wanted to be generated, fully generated, built, conceived, promising, contrived, and made to live together to see that he is not, does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, and has been rejected , Being cut off, being calmed down, being stopped, unable to arise, being burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, there is no detailed conscientious view (general plan) in what he sees, hears, and feels.
     "The Brahman, who does not pick up the one who sees": "Brahmin", the excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is Brahman: seeing is excluded... (Omitted) Those who are not dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. "The Brahman does not pick up the seer": "The Brahman does not pick up the seer, does not hold, does not cling to, and does not cling to." It is the Brahman who does not pick up the seer.
"Who can classify [he] in this world": ""Classification", there are two classifications: the classification of [Cause] craving and the classification of [Cause] seeing... (omitted) This is the classification of craving...( (Omitted) This is the classification of seeing. For him, the classification of craving has been cut off, the classification of seeing has been cut off, the state of being cut off from the classification of craving, the classification of seeing has been cut off According to what kind of greed can be classified, what kind of anger can be classified, what kind of obsessive can be classified, what kind of slow can be classified, what can be classified by what can be classified, what can be classified by what can be classified, what kind of doubt can be classified, what is the potential of trouble Trends can be classified into [he], becoming "infected", or "disgusting", or "stupid", or "tethered", or "clinging", or "coming to chaos", or "Come to the unsatisfactory", or "Come to the fortitude"? The state of those who have been abandoned, and the states that have been abandoned, how can they be classified as "fallen to hell", or "fallen animal The world, or the hungry ghost world, or the man, or the sky, or the colored, or the colorless, or the thinking, or the non-thinking, or He is neither a thinker nor a thoughtless one"? He has no cause, no predestined, no factor to classify, distinguish, and come. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted) "For who can classify [him] in this world.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "For him, there is no detailed thoughts on what he sees, hears, and feels.
       That Brahmin who doesn't pick up the person who sees, who can classify [him] in this world? "
    38. They don't construct, pay no attention to them, and for them the dhammas are not accepted,
       Brahmins will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions, those who have reached the other shore like that will not return.
"They do not construct and pay no attention": ""Construction" has two kinds of constructions: [cause] the construction of craving and [cause] the construction of seeing. What is the construction of craving? All called cravings are used as boundaries , Being regarded as a realm, being regarded as a range, being regarded as a boundary, being held tightly, being regarded as one's reach: this is mine, this is mine, so many are mine, and this range is mine; My color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things spread on the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and horses, mules and horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins, Villages, towns, royal capitals, places, treasuries, warehouses, all the land, they regard them as their own because of their thirst. All the 108 thirst thoughts [AN.4.199], this is thirst The construction of love.
    What is the construction of seeing? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle views, desert views, distorted views, shaken views, The clinging, acceptance, clinging, clinging to the bound view, the place where the evil way, the evil way, the evil nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion (vipariyesa), the clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion (vipallāsa) The grip of the evil, the grip of evil, the grip of "[see] the real in the unreal", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views. This is the construction of seeing. "For them, the construction of thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, the construction of thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, the construction of thirst They do not construct, or produce, produce, or arise, or produce the construction of or view. "Does not construct for them.
     "no attention" and "valuation", there are two kinds of attention: [cause] the attention of thirsting and [cause] the attention of seeing... (omitted) this is the attention of eagerness... (omitted) this is the attention of seeing. For them, the value of thirst has been cut off, the value of seeing has been cut off, and the state that the value of thirst has been cut off, and the state that the value of seeing has been cut off, they set (made) If there is no craving or no-seeing in front (attention), then walking afterwards, no craving is the flag, no craving is the pillar, no craving is increasing, no-seeing is the flag, no-seeing is the pillar, no-seeing is the increase, Walk without being thirsty or seeing. "For them, they don't construct or value it.
"For them, the dhammas are not accepted": "The dhammas are called sixty-two evil views. "For them", for those who are arhats and those who have exhausted their troubles. "Not accepted", " The world is constant, this is real, and everything else is empty." Not to be accepted; the world is very constant... (Omitted) The world is bounded... The world is boundless... Life is the body ...Fate is one body and another... Tathagata after death exists... Tathagata does not exist after death... Tathagata after death exists and does not exist... "The Tathagata after death does not exist or does not exist. This is true, and everything else is true. Empty." Not to be received." Because for them the dhammas are not received either.
     "Brahmins will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions": "No" is negative. "Brahman", the excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is Brahman: the physical experience is excluded... (omitted) those who are not dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. "Brahmins will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions": "Brahmins will not be carried, taken away, carried, or transported by precepts or prohibitions or by precepts and prohibitions." It means that Brahmans will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions.
"Those who have reached the other shore like that do not return": "The other shore is called Nibbana, immortality, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbana. He is Those who have reached the other shore; those who have reached the other shore, those who have reached the ultimate (target); those who have reached the ultimate, those who have reached the end; those who have reached the end... the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth." Those who have reached the other shore. "Non-return", "Any pollution that is cut off by Sutohuan Taoism, those pollution he no longer experiences, does not return, and does not return; all pollution that is broken by Yilai Taoism, he no longer experiences, does not return, and does not Go back; all the pollution that is cut off by the non-returning Taoshe will no longer experience, return, or return to the pollution; the pollution that is cut off by the Arahat Taoist, he will no longer experience, return, or return to the pollution." Those who reach the other side do not return. "Those who are like that", the Arahats are those who are like that from five aspects: those who are satisfied or unsatisfied as those who are like that; those who have been abandoned are those who are like that; "For the one who is like that; the "liberated one" is for the one who is like that; the one described as being like that.
     How is an Arahat like that in terms of satisfaction or dissatisfaction? Arhats are like that when they get; they are like that when they don't; in [Yes] It is also like that in reputation; it is like that in no reputation (bad reviews); it is like that in praise; it is like that in reprimand; it is like that in pleasure ; In suffering, it is like that. Some people use spice on their wrists, and some people use axes to work: they have no greed in like that; they have no disgust in like that, and they have given up and followed greed. Disgust, victory and defeat have been overcome, obedience and opposition have been surpassed, so that the Arahat is like that in terms of satisfaction or dissatisfaction.
     How is an Arahat "abandoned" as such? The greed of the Arahat has been abandoned, vomited, released, cut off, and cut off; anger... (slightly) ignorance... anger... resentment... hiding evil... bossy... jealousy... stingy... fake... cunning ...Stubborn...passion...slow...extremely slow...slow...slacking...all pollution...all evils...all afflictions...all scorching heat...all irritation...all bad and contrived Abandoned, vomited, released, renounced, discontinued, and so is the Arahat's "abandoned" being like that.
     How is an Arahat "a person who has passed through" as such? "The violent currents of Arahat desire have been passed; some violent currents have been passed; the violent currents seen have been passed; the ignorant violent currents have been passed; all circuits have been passed, have come out, have passed, have passed , Has passed, has overcome, he is the one who has descended, the one who has practiced [, the one who has completed the journey, the one who has reached the direction], the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. "This is what the Arahat "has been through" as such.
     How is the Arahat "liberated" as such? The heart of the Arahat has been freed from greed, freed, and benevolence; the heart has been freed from anger, freed, and benevolence; the heart has been freed from delusion, freed, and benevolence; from anger... (abbreviated) from resentment... from To hide evil...from domineering...from jealousy...from stingy...from hypocrisy...from cunning...from stubbornness...from passion...from slow...from extremely slow...from slow...from letting go ...From all pollution...from all evil deeds...from all troubles...from all heat...from all heat...the mind is freed, freed, freed from good deeds from all unwholesome deeds, so this is the Arahat "Freed" "For someone like that.
     How is an Arahat described as being like that? The Arahat "the one who has the precepts in the precepts" is described as the one who is like that; the "believers in the faith" the one who is described as the one who is like that; the one who is vigorous in the vitality is described as the one who is like that; The person who is mindful in mind is described as being like that; the person who is in concentration on concentration is described as being like that; the person who is wise in wisdom is described as being like that; "There are three minds" described as being like that; "six magical powers in terms of magical powers" are described as being like that, and this is the Arahat described as being like that. "For those who have reached the other shore like that will not return.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "They don't construct, they don't pay attention, and for them the dhammas are not accepted,
       Brahmins will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions, and those who have reached the other shore like that will not return. "
     The fifth of the eighth highest group of sutras [completed].


Summary:
  1. He is a knotty, arguing student.
  2. You should not use the eighth-class Zhizhi/five supernatural powers of wisdom/precept and prohibition.
  3. Lishao: You should not lead yourself to wait for me to defeat me.
  4. The author does not adhere to the intellect, does not enter the group, does not return to wrong views, does not hold back (holding method), does not vow (paṇidhi-wish / aspiration).
  12/11/2020 10:40
