6. notes of the old scripture

Secondly, the description of the Old Scripture will say:

39. It is true that life is less than a hundred years, perhaps less than a
    hundred years.

Whosoever lives overtake him, then he dies in old age.

"This life is indeed less": "Life" is life, survival, life, survival, action,
turn (survival), guardian, life, root of life. In addition, two factors are less
and only some: the limited life of survival is less, or less with natural
(self-flavored) finite life. How is the limited life of survival is less? In the
past heart moment lived, [but] is not alive, will not live; in the future heart
moment will live, [but] is not alive, in the past; in the present heart moment
now live, [but] the past is not alive, The future will not live.

"Life and individuals, all (only) music and bitterness,

Take a single heart: can turn up quickly in a moment.

All the heavens survive, eighty-four thousand robbers,

But neither do they live by two hearts.

And whosoever dies here, or surviving, is destroyed.

All those who have gone are, the same cannot be restored.

Whosoever is destroyed immediately, and whosoever will be destroyed,

[And] in the midst of those who were destroyed, there was no inequality in the
special phase.

He is not born from what has not happened, and he lives now,

The destruction of the heart becomes an anchored in the highest interest of
death.

They occur as the downward [flow], are intended to make changes,

They turn [such as] a flow of water that is not cut off, with six edges.

The destroyed came not stored, in the future there is no heap,

And whosoever is born they survive, as mustard at the tip of the cone [moment]

Destruction is placed before the laws that were born,

The bad ways they remain, not mixed with the previous ones.

And they came unseen, and they saw depart from the destruction,

As lightning in the air, they are born and dissipated.

This is the limited life of survival is less.

How is the limited life of nature (self-flavored) is less? Life depends on
income; Life as income dependence; Life is dependent on income; Life is [four]
large species of dependence; Life is the dependence of food for the formation of
food; Life as the dependence of life; Life as the sense Dependence: These
fundamentals are weak; these genes are weak; whoever uses them for their origin
is weak; whoever uses them as power is weak; these common bases are weak; these
Linkages are weak; these are innate weak; whoever is linked to them are weak;
these are often weak; these are inconsistent; these are inconsistent; these are
not mutually damaging (familiar); not each other. of the asylum, and these do
not make each other stand; nor is it found any of the creators.

"No one has disappeared because of anyone, and these are indeed all destruction,

These were born from before, and whosoever the producer they were dead before,

The former and the latter did not see each other.

This is a limited life of nature (self-flavored) is less.

In addition, comparing the life of the four kings angjin, life is less, life is
negligible, life is only some, life is instant, life is fast, life is short,
life is not long, life is not long, life is not Long stay, thirty-three days
Tenjin... (middle) night Tenjin... rate Tenjin Tenjin... Rakuten Tenjin... He is
comfortable Tenjin... compared to the life of the Tenjin, for people life is
less, life is Trivial, life is only some, life is instant, life is fast, life is
short, life is not long, life is not long, life is soon to live.

This is said by Worldman

"Bichu! The life of a man is less, and shall come to the next life, and the wise
shall awaken, and he who should do good, and repair his family. Living without
death, Bichu! Whoever lives an elder, he has a hundred years or more."

"The life of a man is less, and the righteous shall disregard it,

Should be alive as the head is burned [because] no death does not come. [SN.4.9]

Day and night passes, life is extinguished,

The life of a dead person is exhausted, such as water in a small river.
[SN.4.10]" For this life is really less.

"Perhaps less than a hundred years die": "In the condensation [SN.10.1] dead,
died, destroyed, destroyed; in the cell also died, died, destroyed, destroyed;
also died, died, died, destroyed in the meat. No, destroyed; in the hard flesh
also died, died, destroyed, destroyed; in the limbs also died, died, destroyed,
destroyed; just born dead, dead, extinguished, destroyed; in the maternity room
also dead, dead, extinguished, destroyed; half a month of death, death,
extinction, was destroyed; a month of death, death, extinction, was Destroy; two
months also... (middle) three months also... four months are also... five months
of death, death, extinction, destruction; six months also... seven months
also... eight months also... Nine months also... ten months also... a year of
death, death, extinction, destruction;... two years also... three years also...
four years also... five years also... six years also... seven years also...
Eight years... nine years... ten years also... twenty years... thirty years
also... forty years also... fifty years also... 60 years... 70 years also... 80
years... Ninety years were also dead, dead, destroyed, destroyed." For perhaps
less than a hundred years it died.

"Whosoever lives more than a hundred years of the latter": "Whosoever lives more
than a hundred years of the latter, he lives one year, or two years, or three
years, or four years, or five years... (medium) or ten years, or twenty years,
or thirty years, or Living for forty years." For whoever if living over. "At
that time he died of aging": when he was aged, old, old, old, old, elderly,
reaching decay, destroyed teeth, white hair, bald, wrinkled, limb invasive,
skewed He that bent, and relied on the cane, died of age, died, and destroyed,
and destroyed, and was not separated from death.

"For the fruit that is ripe, there is a horror that falls in the early morning,

For people who have died, like this, there is often a horror of death.

Also as pottery made by pottery,

Everything is finally destroyed, the life of a dead person [also] like this.

The little and the old, the foolish and the wise,

Everything goes to the power of death, everything is in the interest of death
(belonging to death).

For those who are lost by death, it is from here to the next life,

A father cannot take refuge in a son, or a kinship to a family.

Even those who watched their relatives, the sight of the lurb,

A man who dies one by one, such as the cattle to be killed is led.

The world is like this, tormented by death and old age,

[So the wise men do not grieve, know the reason of the world after. Sn.3.8,
581-586]"

For that time he died with aging.

Because then, Worldman said:

"This life is indeed less, perhaps less than a hundred years and died,

Whosoever lives overtake, then he dies of aging.

40. people are being treated as their own sorrow, because there is no constant
    belongings,

Here there is no leave, like this should not live at home after seeing it.

"People are in grief as their own": "People are for Chateli, Brahmen, Bisha, the
Sudala, in the family, out of the family, the heavens, the heavens, the people.
"I do," there are two kinds of things I do: [because of] the thirst I do with
the [because] I see... (middle) This is what I do with the thirst of love...
This is what I see. They grieve when they are taken as their own, when they are
robbed, they are sad when they are robbed, and when they have been robbed; when
they are treated as their own, they are sad when they become easy Sadness, when
it has become easy, they also grieve, tired, weeping, and crying, come to
confusion." Sadness for people being treated as themselves.

"For there is no constant belongings": "There are two kinds of posters: [for]
the thirst of love and the [because] see all... (medium) this is the thirst of
love... (medium) this is all things seen. All things that thirst for love is
immutable, there is a fate, is extinction, dissipation, fading method,
extinction method, mutation method, see all things are immutable, there are
things born, is extinction, dissipation , fading method, extinguishing method,
variable law. This is said by Worldman, "The Bichu Have you seen all things that
are constant, strong, eternal, immutable, as everlasting as everlasting? "No,
Worldworld!" "Bichu! Ok! Bichu! Nor did I see all things that are constant,
strong, eternal, immutable, as everlasting as everlasting. [MN.22]" The
constant, strong, eternal, immutable things that do not exist, do not exist, are
not known, and not received." Because there is no usual everything.

"There is a difference here": "Separation (to become a kind), farewell (to be
separated), separation (become a mutation) exists, is known,Gone. This was said
by Worldman, 'Enough, Nan! Do not grieve, do not cry, Anan! I used to say this
before? Separation, farewell, separation from all loved and agreeable. Ah Nan!
Here, how is it available: "Do not destroy the law of whatsoever that is born,
exists, what has done, nor the corrupt." It is not possible! [DN.16] 'belongs to
the beforehand, bounds, variability, variability; after that, the bounds,
circles, turns." For here there is no departure.

"You should not live at home after seeing this way": "Like this, the
continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the
sentence; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the second
sentence, "like this." "Like this, after I saw, after seeing, after measuring,
judging, after the difference, after figuring out." After seeing it like this.
"Should not live at home", after cutting off all obstacles at home, after
cutting off barriers for children's wives, after cutting off the barriers of
relatives, after cutting off the barriers of friends, after cutting off storage
barriers, shaving the hair whiskers, wrapped in a surplice, From home, become a
non-home life, after starting to become a state of ownership should be alone,
live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival." You should not live at
home after seeing it like this.

Because then, Worldman said:

"People are grieved in being seen as themselves, for there is no constant thing,

There is no place to leave, like this should not live at home after seeing it."

It was also abandoned by death: mortal considered "this is mine",

After the wise man knows this, the believers should not bend to me.

"That is also abandoned by death": "death", all living beings, because of the
death, death, demise, disintegration, disappearance, death, end of life, the
dissolution of the bodies, the dead, the dead, the roots of life are cut off.
"That", such as color, by the kind of, want, kind of line, knowledge, and so on.
"Discarded", discarded, disappeared (abandoned), left (abandoned), destroyed,
destroyed. This is also said: [Jat.5.1,2-3]

"Even those who have forsaken their possessions before, and they that die after
that, forsake them,

The wealth of those who desire is very constant, so I do not grieve in the time
of grief.

The moon increases, fills, disappears, the sun moves into extinction (Thailand
Version),

I know the law of the enemy in the world, so I do not grieve when I grieve."

For that is also abandoned by death. "Mortal thinks 'this is mine. '": "Whoever,
the color, the kind of, the subject, the thought, the kind of thing, the way,
the knowledge or the like. "Person" is the name, name, Anli, common name, name,
name, title, word, phrase, name. "Thinks that this is mine", from the thirst of
love thinks he thinks; he thinks from seeing him; from the slow thinks he
thinks; from the polluted thinks he thinks; from evil deeds; from the effort
(add) Thinks he thinks; from the kalan thinks he thinks." For mortal thought
"this is mine".

"After the wise man knows this": "This is after what I have done to suffer,
after understanding, after measuring, after judgment, after separation, after
figuring it out. The wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the
feeling, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise know this." After
knowing this for the wise man.

"The believers should not bend to me": "I do", there are two kinds of things I
do: [for] the thirst I do with the [cause] who I see... (medium) This is what I
do with the thirst of love... That's what I do. "Believers", believers of
Buddhist, believers of law, and believers of monks, who treat Buddha as his own,
the man clutches to worldship. This was said by Worldman, "The Bichu Those who
are deceitful, insane, false, hypocritical, slow, uncertain, for me is not my
[intended] Bichu, Bichu! Those who have departed from this law and from this
law, they do not come to grow, grow, and expand. But, the Bichu! Those who are
not deceitful, not nonsense, solid, not just, well-established, for me is my
[intended] Bichu, Bichu! Those who have not departed from this law, and in this
law they come to grow, grow, and expand.

"The deceit, the insinuity, the false, hypocritical, slow,

They do not grow in the law of what they have taught,

No deceit, no false talk, firm, not just, good,

They grow in what they teach." [AN.4.26]

"Believers should not bend to me": "The believers give off the longing of my
love, and after that which I dismiss me, he should not bend to, should not bend
to, notThe bending down will not be a forward tilt, not toward that person, the
inclination of it, not the ambition of that, or the ascendantment of it. The
believers should not bend to me.

Because then, Worldman said:

"That was also forsaken by death, and mortal thought, "This is mine.

When the wise man knows this, the believers should not bend to me."

42. such as the [affairs] of dreams, the awakened man can not see,

A loved one like this: the deceased, the deceased, the end, he cannot see.

"As the [affairs] that meet in a dream": "The union, which is gathered, set, and
which is assembled." The [affairs] that meet as a dream. "A man who awake can
not see": "If a person who comes to a dream sees the moon, sees the sun, sees
the sea, sees Sumaisan King, sees the elephant, sees horses, sees the carriage,
sees the infantry, sees the army, sees the armies, sees Pleasant gardens,
delightful forests... (medium) delightful land... see the delightful lotus pool,
no matter what awake." To wake up people can not see.

"Those who love like this": "Like this" is an analogy arrangement. "A loved one"
is a cherished person: a mother or father, or brother, or sister, or son, or
daughter, or a friend, or a colleague, or a family, or a person of blood. For
those who love like this.

"The deceased, the deceased, the deceased is called the deceased, the deceased,
the end he sees no sight, sees, does not gain, cannot find, does not get." For
the deceased, the end of the deceased he sees not

Because then, Worldman said:

"As the [affairs] that come together in a dream, the awakened man cannot see,

Those who love like this: the deceased, the deceased, the end, he sees no sight.

43. Even if those who are seen to be heard, whosoever is said to them this name,

Only the name left can be said: for the deceased.

"Even if those are seen and smelled": "See," whosoever is born of eyes. "Being
smelled", every ear is born. "Those," Cha Dili, Brahmen, Bisha, the Gundala,
those at home, out of the house, heaven, man." For even those who are seen to be
heard.

"Whoever is said to them this name": "Whoever to them is to Chateli, to Brahmen,
to Bisha, to the capital, to the family, to the family, to the family, to the
family, to the family, to the family, to the family, to the family, to the
family, to Days to say、To people。 "Name" is the name, common name, Anritus,
idiom, name, name, title, word, phrase, title. "Be said, called, spoken, talked,
spoken, spoken, explained, spoken, spoken, spoken." For where to them this name
is said.

"Only the name left can be said": "color, subject, like, like, like, line,
knowledge such as discarded, disappeared (abandoned), left (abandoned),
extinguished, destroyed. "Can be said, able to speak, speak, speak, explain,
speak, speak." Only the name that remains can be said. "For the deceased": "For
the deceased," for the dead, to the end of life. "To man," to all beings, human
beings, students Brahmen, people, individuals, life, to the born, to the indra,
to the indra, to the man born of Monu. For the deceased person.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Even if those people are seen and heard, whosoever is said to them this name,

Only the names left can be said: for the deceased.

44. Those who are in whom We have taken on cogedy, they do not give away sorrow,
    grief, and f

So Muni, the steady saw, they forsaken all things and walk.

"The grief, grief, and stingy of those whom I have taken on, do not give off
grief, grief, touched by the loss of their relatives, or the loss of property,
or the loss of disease (unfortunate), or the loss of a ring ( Loss) touch, or
see loss (loss) touch, have (encounter) certain loss (unfortunate), contact with
some grief, grief, state of sorrow, grief, internal grief, internal sorrow,
internal grief, internal grief The burning, the internal burning, the heart
burns, sorrow, sorrow. "Sadness", touched by the loss of relatives... (middle)
or see loss (loss) touched, with (encounter) certain loss (unfortunate), contact
with certain bitterness people have sadness, sorrow, weeping, weeping, lament
state of sorrow, state of sorrow, words, useless words, mumbling, weeping,
weeping, cry. "Saving stingy", there are five kinds of saving: [right] of the
living, the saving of the home, the profit of the stingy, the praise of the
stingy, the law of the stingy, where such a stingy, stingy state, greedy,
stingySik, stinky, heart clenched state, which is called stingy. In addition,
stingy is also stingy; the world is also stingy; stingy is also stingy, which is
called stingy. Grave is called thirsty love, it is greed, lust (total greed)...
(medium) greed, greedy, bad root. "I do," there are two kinds of things I do:
[because of] the thirst I do with the [because] I see... (middle) This is what I
do with the thirst of love... This is what I see. They grieve when they are
taken as their own, when they are robbed, and when they have been robbed, when
they have been robbed; when they become their own, they grieve when they become
their things, and when they become easy And sorrow, and when it has become easy,
they also grieve. They cry when they are taken, when they are robbed, when they
are robbed, and when they have been robbed; when they are treated as their own,
they cry when they become easy, and when they become easy Sadness, and when it
has become easy, they also weeping. They are treated as their own, they guard,
protect, take over (hold), cherish (as their own), save their stingy, grieve in
what they are regarded as themselves. They do not give up, they wept, they don't
give up, they do not give up. Forsaken, and seek them not to give up, have not
been discarded, not exerted, not put an end, and made it not to exist. For those
who are committed against Us, they do not give away sorrow, grief, and stingy.

"Therefore, Muni, the steady saw, they forsaken all things and walk (the clouds
swim)": "Therefore, 'therefore, that reason; that cause; that cause; that cause;
that cause, and that cause, see this oversuffering on all desires 'Time. ' For
that. "Muni", Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium)
insane, choice method, positive view, with the wisdom of the Mune, reach Mune.
There are three types of Muni bits (perfect virtue): Muni-bit, Muni-language,
imuni bit. ... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he was Muni. There are two
types of belongings: [for] the thirst of love and the [because] see all...
(middle) this is the thirst for all... (medium) This is all things seen. After
Muni has forsaken all things of love for ever; after disclaiming all things they
see; after they give up, after abandoning, depart, after depart, after they end,
to abide, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make Survive. "Safe Seekers",
Seekers of the Ambulance, Seeing of the Shelter, Seeing of Refuge, Seeing of the
Return, Horror Free Seeing, Undead Seeing, Undead Seeing, Nibbana The person."
For the Seekers of Muni, they forsaken all things.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Those who have taken on whom I do bestowed no sorrow, grief, and stingy,

So Muni, the steady saw, they forsaken all things and walk.

45. when the Picchu line away, close to the far away seat,

They said that it was appropriate for him: he would not make his place to be
seen.

"When Picchu Row Away": "Line away from is called seven kinds of learning,
Arrohan is far away. For what reason do you walk away from people are called
seven kinds of learning? From here those who are far from heart, dodge, reverse,
inhibitor, suppressor, guardian, protector they walk, walk, live, act, turn,
guard, make survival, make survival: in the eye gate Forever, Avoidance,
Reverse, Inhibitor, Inhibitor, Preventor, Guardian, Protector They walk, walk,
live, act, turn up, guard, make survival... (medium); in the nose door The
heart... on the tongue door... in the heart of the door... care about the door,
the dodge, the invert, the inhibitor, the inhibitor, the guardian, the
protector, they walk, walk, live, move, move, move, turn 、Guardian、Make
survival、Make survival, such as chicken feather or leather is put into fire, it
away (withdraw), avoid (retreat), reverse, not stretched [AN.7.49]. Again, from
here those who are far from heart, dodge, reverse, inhibitor, suppressor,
prevent, guardian, protector, they walk, walk, live, act, turn, guard, make
survival, make survival : In the eye door... (medium) on the ear door... on the
nose door... on the tongue door heart on the door... in the heart of the door...
care about the door heart away from the door, the doer, the reverse, the
inhibitor, the inhibitor, the preventer, Guardians, Guardians They walk, walk,
live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival, such as chicken feather
or leather is throttled into fire, it away (withdraw), avoid (retreat), reverse,
not stretched. Those who walk away from this reason are called seven kinds of
learning. "When Picchu", when Zenvan Picchu, or when there is to learn Picchu.
For when the Picchu line away.

"When close to a seat away from": "They sit down is called a seat: bed, chair,
cushion, small mat, leather pad, grass seat cushion, leaf seat cushion, straw
seat cushion. The seat, the unsuitable form of seeing is cut off, isolated, away
from; the hearing of inappropriate sound is dismissed, isolated, away from; the
smell of inappropriate smell... inappropriate taste of taste... improper touch
Contact... Inappropriate five kinds of want to be dismissed, isolated, away from
the seat, he is close, completely close, follow, bend to follow, completely
follow, toward obey." When you are close to a seat away from.

"They say that it is appropriate for him: he will not make his place to be
seen": "Appropriate", there are three appropriate: group appropriate, law
appropriate, no regeneration appropriate. What is appropriate for groups? "If
many Picchu are of harmony, joy to each other, undisputed, mingling with water,
they dwell in one another with cordial eyes." It is appropriate for groups. What
is the law appropriate? Four remembrance, four righteousness, four gods, five,
five forces, seven senses, and eight sacred paths, they leaped together,
clearer, dwelt, and free, without the arguments and strong arguments of those
laws, this is the law appropriate. What is no regeneration appropriate? Even if
many Picchu Nibbana in the Nibbana world, no spare Nibbana is not seen enough or
full of [AN.8.19], it is no longer appropriate. "Dwellings", Hell dwellings for
the fallen hell; Livestock shelter for the animal; for the hungry ghosts there
are hungry ghosts; for people the world of habitation; for the world of heaven
Accommodation. "They say that it is appropriate for him: He will not make his
place to be seen": "For him it is appropriate; it is appropriate; it is
proportionate; it is proportionate; it is appropriate; it is concomitant:
whosoever is like this In the secret hell their [residence] will not be seen;
their own in the animal world will not be seen; the hungry ghosts will not be
seen; their own in the world of man will not be seen; the world of heaven's own
They will not be seen, so they say, and speak so, say so, and say so. It was
appropriate for them to say for him: He would not make his place to be seen.

Because then, Worldman said:

"When Picchu is far away, close to a seat away,

They said that it was appropriate for him: he would not make his place to be
seen.

46. Muni is the one who does not stop in all things: neither the cute nor the
    lovable do,

Sorrow and stingy on him, such as water is not contaminated on the leaves.

"Muni is the unstopper of all things": "Everything is called twelve places: eyes
and colors, ears and sounds, nose and smell, tongue and taste, body and touch,
meaning and law. "Muni", Munna is known as Wisdom... (in the middle) after he
was a muni after dyed net. There are two kinds of stops: thirst for love and the
stop of seeing... (medium) This is the stop of thirsty love... (middle) This is
the stop of seeing. Monischer's thirst after the end of love; after the
discernment is the eye does not stop the eye; the ear does not stop; the nose
does not stop the man; the tongue does not stop the person; the people who do
not stop by meaning; all colors... all voices ... smells... tastes... all
touches... families... groups... shelter... benefits... reputation... praise...
music... clothing... shelter... patient needs And medical necessities... want...
color circles... colorless... want to have... colorless... want to have... do
not want to have... I want to have... ... the future... now... who saw, heard,
felt, knew... all the law of the unstoppable, the non-stick, the unstuck, the
uninclined, those who did not turn their heart toward (victory). He has
departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound, and he dwelt away from the
restrained heart. For Muni is the one who does not stop all things.

"Cute or uncute": "cute", there are two kinds of cute: creations or all kinds of
things. What is a lovely living? Here, whoever is a mother who is of interest to
him, who wants to be good, or a father, or brother, or sister, or son, or
daughter, or a friend, or a colleague, or a family, or a blood People, these are
cute beings. What are cute lines? The desired colors, the sound of the
consensual, the smell of the consensual, the taste of the consensual, the
consensual touch, these are lovely lines. "Uncute", there are two types of
uncute: living beings or all kinds of things. What is an uncute living? Here,
whereThey are those who want to have no interest in him, those who want no
benefit, who want to be stable, and who want to kill, these are unlovely beings.
What are not cute lines? Unconsensual colors, unintended sounds, unsatisfactory
smells, unsatisfactory tastes, unsatisfactory touches, these are not cute.
"Neither cute nor cute do": "This is my lovely life; these are the things that
are the consenting." Not to be cute because of greed. "This is my unadorable
beings; these are unintended deed things." Do not make unadorable because of
evil; do not produce it, not produce it, nor give birth to it, nor give birth to
it." Not for cute or uncute.

"Weeping and stingy on him, as the water is not contaminated on the leaves": "To
him," it is to that man; to Arrohan, which has been exhausted. "Sadness",
touched by the loss of relatives, or loss of property, or loss of disease
(unfortunate) contact, or loss of ring (loss) touch, or see loss (loss) touch,
have (encounter) certain Loss (unfortunate), contact with certain bitterness
people have a state of sorrow, weeping, weeping, lament, state of sorrow, state
of sorrow, speech, unhelpful words, mumbling, weeping, weeping, weeping. "Saving
stingy", there are five kinds of saving stingy: [right] accommodation, the
saving of household, profit, praise the stingy, the law of the stingy, where
such a stingy, stingy state, greedy, stingy, stingy 、Heart clenched state,
which is called stingy。 In addition, stingy is also stingy; the world is also
stingy; stingy is also stingy, which is called stingy.

"If water is not contaminated on the leaves", the leaves are called lotus
leaves, and water (Vāri) is called water (udaka), such as water on lotus leaves
is not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, and not closely contaminated
(not polluting) those who are not contaminated, those who are not infected,
those who are not contaminated. In the same way, to that person; for the
troubles of Alohan, sorrow and stingy do not pollute, not strong pollution, not
closely contaminated, no pollution, no strong pollution, no more closely
contaminated. The man; Alohan to [in?] Those pollution is not polluting, not
strong, not closely contaminated, no pollution, no strong pollution, no more
closely contaminated. He has departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound,
and he dwelt away from the restrained heart. For grief and stingy to him, such
as water is not contaminated on the leaves.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Muni is the one who does not stop in all things: neither the cute nor the
lovable do,

Weeping and stingy on him, as water is not contaminated on the leaves."

47. also as water drops on lotus leaves, such as water is not contaminated on
    the red lotus,

Like this, Muni is not very polluted, that is, in what you see and smell.

"Also as water droplets on lotus leaf": "Water drops are called a drop of water,
lotus leaf (Pokkhara) is called lotus leaf (padumapatta), such as water droplets
on lotus leaves are not contaminated, Contamination, not closely contaminated,
no pollution, no strong pollution, has not been closely contaminated." For as
well as water drops on lotus leaves. "As water is not contaminated on red
lotus": "Red lotus is called red lotus, water (Vāri) is called water (udaka),
such as water on red lotus is not contaminated, not strong, not closely
contaminated, no Contamination, no strong pollution, no more closely
contaminated." For such as water on red lotus not contaminated.

"Like this, Muni is not very polluted, that is, as seen and heard": "Like this"
is an analogical arrangement. "Muni", Munna is known as Wisdom... (in the
middle) after he was a muni after dyed net. There are two kinds of adhesion:
[because of] love adhesion and [because] see adhesion... (medium) This is the
adhesion of thirsty love... (medium) This is the sticking of see. Muñischer's
thirst after the adhesion of love, after the disbelief of the sticking, not
contaminated in the sight; not contaminated in the sense of perception; not
polluting, not strong, not closely contaminated, has not been contaminated, has
not been contaminated, has Not strong contamination, no more closely
contaminated. He has departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound, and he
dwelt away from the restrained heart. For like this Muni is not strong polluted,
ie: in what you see and smell.

Because then, Worldman said:

"As water drops on lotus leaves, as water is not contaminated on the red lotus,

Like this, Muni is not very polluted, that is, in what we see and smell."

48. For those who cleanse then do not think, that is, in what they see and
    smell,

Do not want to clean, because he is not dyed, not dyed.

"For the cleaners then do not think, that is: in what they see and smell":
""Cleansing", washing is called Hui, understanding... (medium) unobsession,
choiceLaw, positive view, for what reason washed is called Hui? With that evil
deeds are shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed from (washing); words of
evil... (medium) evil deeds are shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed
away; greedy shook down, washed, washed, completely washed, Cleansing;...
Devil... anger... resentment... obsession... arbitrary... jealousy... stingy...
hypocrisy... cunning... stubborn... passion... slow... slow... relax...
everything Pollution... all evil deeds... all annoying... all hot... all
irritated... all bad work is shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed,
cleansed for this reason is called Hui.

In addition, the evil is shook, cleaned, completely washed, cleansed from
cleaning; evil will be shook, cleaned, completely washed, away from cleaning;
evil words are shaken by the normal words... evil is shook down... evil life is
shaking life ... Evil refining is shaking... Evil is shook down by
mindfulness... Evil is shaking off... Evil is shaking by righteousness... Evil
relief is shaking off, washed, completely washed, cleansed.

In addition, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all burnt heat, all
annoying, all bad works were shook down, washed, completely washed, completely
washed, washed away, alohan has, fully possesses, walked into, He walked in,
full, full enough, with these cleansable methods, so Arrohan is a cleanser, he
is a shaking greedy, shaking evil, trembling polluter, shaking the irritated."
For the cleaners.

"For the cleanser then does not think, that is, in what they see and smell":
"The cleanser does not think of seeing, and does not think in what they see,
they do not think from what they see, they do not think of 'what they see is
mine. ' Do not think about it, do not think about what you smell, do not think
from what it's heard, do not think 'what I smell is mine. ' Do not think, do not
think, do not think from what I think, do not think "what I feel is mine." Do
not think, do not think, do not think from what you know, do not think "what I
know is mine" [SN.35.30]. This is said by Worldman, "The Bichu "I am", this is
the thinking; "I am this", this is the thinking; "I will be", this is the
thinking; "I will not be", this is the thinking; "I will be colored", this is
the thinking; "I will be colorless." This is thinking; "I will be thinking,"
this is thinking; "I will be unthinkable," this is thinking; "I'm going to be
thinking," this is thinking. Bichu! Thinking is disease, thinking is a tumor,
thinking is an arrow, thinking is a scourge. Bichu! So here, "We want to live
with no mind." Bichu! You should learn this way. ' [SN.35.248]" Because the
washers do not think, that is, in what they see and smell.

"Do not want to be cleaned by other things": "The cleanser does not want, does
not accept, do not pray, do not pray, do not pray for the other: in the unclear
way, with the signs of evil, leaving the way, except for the recourse, except by
the words of the people, In addition to the foot of the gods, in addition to the
gods, in addition to the root, in addition to the strength of the people, except
for the cherish, in addition to the eight holy paths are pure, clean, all pure;
detachment, liberation, and disengagement. For no other want to clean.

"For he is not dyed, nor is it dyed": "All ignorance, they are dyed, and the
Zevanfu, including seven kinds of school, they are dyed, and Arrohan is neither
dyed nor from the dyed: He is destroyed with greed. Become a state of greedy; to
the extinction becomes a state of disillusionment; to the deprecation of the
extermination of the deviant state, he is down state, has been practiced...
(medium) life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration. " For he is not
dyed, and he is not dyed.

Because then, Worldman said:

"For those who cleanse then do not think, that is, in what they see and smell,

He is not cleaned by any other desire, for he is not dyed, not dyed."

Description of the Old Scripture sixth [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. people sadness in "mine", because there is no usual poster+that is also
   abandoned by death.

2. moni does not stop but not cute, do not contaminate sad and save stingy, he
   is not dyed, not from being dyed.

12/11/2020 11:00

