8. Explanation of Bosol Sutta

Secondly, Bosol's explanation will say:

59. They told: "Here is purity." They said that there is no purity in other
    methods.

When it is declared that everything that rests there is pure, all are fixed in
their respective truths.

"They told: "Here is purity"": "They said, told, talked, explained, said: here
is pure, pure, pure all over; detachment, liberation, all detachment, they say,
tell, talk, explain, Saying: "The world is everlasting, this is real, and
everything else is empty." It is pure, pure, and all-free; separation,
liberation, all-freeness, the world is very permanent... (Omitted) The world has
The side...the world is boundless...fate is the body...fate is one body is the
other...the Tathagata exists after death...the Tathagata does not exist after
death...the Tathagata exists and does not exist after death...They say, tell,
talk Say, explain, and say: "After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does
not exist, this is true, and everything else is empty." It is pure, pure, and
pure; detachment, liberation, and detachment." Tell them: "Here is pure."

"They say there is no purification in other dhamma": "Except for his own master,
the narration of the Dhamma, the group, the view, the path, and the Tao, he
abandons, uproots, and surrounds all dissent theories: "That master is not all
wise, and the Dhamma is It is said that [its] groups are not those who follow
the good, see that it is not good, the path is not set up by the good, the path
is not detached, there is no purity, or purity, or purity, or detachment, or
liberation here, Either detached all over, without them becoming pure, or pure,
or all pure, or detached, or liberated, or detached all over, they are inferior,
despicable, inferior, inferior, Inferior intentions, trivial." They say so, tell
so, talk so, talk so, explain so, talk so." Say for them that there is no purity
in other laws.

"When it is declared that all who depend on there are pure": ""Whoever depends
on", all the narrations of masters, Dhamma, groups, views, Taoist trails,
dependence on the Tao, stop (Sri Lanka version) , Clinging, entering, dyeing,
and turning the heart toward (victorious solution). "There", in one's own views,
in one's own likes, in one's own hobbies, in one's own opinions. "When claiming
to be pure Time", the pure speaker, the beautiful speaker, the wise speaker, the
firm speaker, the [with] method speaker, the [with] reason speaker, [has] A
specific speaker, a [substantiated] speaker, a speaker who makes his own claims
possible." It is when it is declared that everything that is dependent there is
pure.

"All of them are fixed in their respective truths": "All of the Samana and
Brahmins are fixed, stopped, stuck, trapped, tainted, and turned toward the
world in their respective truths. It is constant, this is true, and everything
else is empty." [Everyone] is fixed, stopped, stuck, trapped, stained, and
turned toward; the world is very constant... … (Omitted) "After death, the
Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, the others are
empty." [each] is fixed, stopped, stuck, trapped, tainted, and Turn your heart
towards." To be fixed in each truth.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"They told: "Here is purity." They said that there is no purity in other
methods.

When it is declared that everything that rests there is pure, all are fixed in
their respective truths. "

60. After those philosophers sneaked into the masses, they regarded each other
    as fools,

Those who rely on others inform the argument: those who admire, those who claim
to be skillful.

"Those who are eloquent after sneaking into the masses": ""Those who are
eloquent," those who are eloquent, those who want the theory, those who want the
theory, those who value the theory, those who seek the theory. "After sneaking
into the mass," sneak, invest, go deep, and enter the Kshatriya masses , Brahmin
masses, homeowners masses, and Samana masses behind." After those philosophers
sneak into the masses.

"Those who set each other hostile are fools": "The "hostiles" are two people,
two quarrelers, two disputers, two arguers, two arguers, two defenders, two
arguers, two A talker, they set each other, see, see, watch, contemplate,
observe [the hostile] as the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior,
the inferior, the inferior intent, the insignificant." For the fool.

"Those who rely on others inform the argument": "[To] other masters, the
narration of the Dhamma, groups, views, Taoism, Taoist dependence, stop (Sri
Lanka version), adhere, fall into, fixate, hold the mind Towards (victorious).
Opinions are called quarrels, arguing, arguing, arguing, disagreements, or,
"discussions," they tell the disagreement, tell the quarrel, tell the dispute,
tell the disagreement, tell the disagreement, tell the disagreement that no
nutritious discussion; they Tell, talk, explain, speak. "For those who rely on
others to inform the argument.

"A good admirer, a person who declares a skillful": ""A good admirer", a person
who is a good admirer, a person who desires admiration, a person who desires
admiration, a person who values admirers, and a person who seeks admirers
everywhere. The speaker, the wise speaker, the firm speaker, the [with] method,
the [with] reason, the [with] characteristic, the [with] basis The speaker, the
speaker who takes his own opinion as possible." For the admirer, the one who
claims to be skillful.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Those philosophers sneaked into the masses and regarded each other as fools,

Those who rely on others inform the argument: those who admire, those who claim
to be skillful. "

61. Being talked about yoke in the crowd, wanting admirers to become those
    afraid of failure,

became ashamed when he was rebuked, and became a fault seeker when [being]
rebuked.

"The yoke is talked about among the masses": "Among the Kshatriya crowd, or the
Brahman crowd, or the homeowner crowd, or the Shaman crowd, they are talked
about yoke, strong yoke, toward the upper yoke, and completely toward the upper
yoke. , Talk about yoke completely." Putting on the yoke to be talked about
among the crowd.

"Those who want to be admired become those who are afraid of failure": ""Those
who want to be admired", those who want to be admired, praised, praised, can be
carried with praise, recipients, hopers, eagers, and supplicants. "Become afraid
of failure者", just before the conversation became a suspicious and fearful
loser: "Am I going to be a winner? Will I be a frustrated? How will I make
arguments? How will I make rebuttals (theory of salvation)? How to make the
difference (distinguishment)? How will I respond to the difference
(subdivision)? How will I do on wrapping (entanglement)? How will I do on
disentanglement (unwinding)? How will I make cut( Destroy)? How will I make a
synthesis theory?" This way, before the conversation, I become suspicious and
afraid of failure." For those who want to admire, become afraid of failure.

"Being ashamed when being rebuked": Those judges, the masses, members of the
masses, and those who questioned (Thailand version) they rebuked: "Said the
divorce principle" they rebuked it from the divorce; They debunked from the
terms; "Speaking of divorced theories and phrases" they debunked from the
principles and terms; "Those principles and terms are misapplied, those terms
are misapplied, and those senses and terms are misapplied or planted.
(Misplacement), those arguments are not established (being done), those
rebuttals are not well done (bad), those differences are not established, those
who respond to differences are not well done, those entanglement are not
established, those who are entangled are not well done, and those cut off are
not established , Those comprehensive theories do not do well, talk about right
and wrong, talk about evil, talk about evil, explain evil, talk evil, talk
evil." They denounced. "Being ashamed when being rebuked": "Being ashamed when
being rebuked; to be troubled, annoyed, sick, and melancholic." To be ashamed
when being rebuked.

"When [being] reprimanded, he became angry and becoming a defect seeker": "When
[being] reprimanded, rebuked, without praise, not being praised, he was angry,
rejected, stubborn (resisting), showing anger, aversion Dissatisfaction."
Because he was angry when [being] reprimanded. "Become a defect seeker", [the
enemy's] flaw seeker, wrong seeker, negligent seeker, drip seeker, defect
seeker者." For when [being] reprimanded, he became angry and became a defect
seeker.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Being talked about being yoke in the crowd, wanting admirers to become those
afraid of failure,

became ashamed when he was rebuked, and became a fault seeker when [being]
rebuked. "

62. Whatever it said they said was incomplete and was reprimanded by the judge,

Inferior critics weep, grieve, and lament: "He is beyond me."

"Whatever they say they say is incomplete": "Anything they say is inferior,
despicable, mutilated, crippled (omitted), not perfected, they say so, tell so,
so Talk about it, explain it this way, say it this way." What they say is
incomplete for what it says.

"The judges break the rebuke": "Those judges, the masses, members of the masses,
and the inquirers (Thailand version) they rebuke: "Said Liyi" they rebuke from
Yili; "Said Lici" they follow They debunked the words and sentences; "Said the
theory and the words" they debunked the theory and the words; "Those principles
are wrongly applied, thenSome phrases are wrongly applied, those rationale and
phrases are wrongly applied or planted (misplaced), those arguments are not
valid (being done), those refutations are not done well (bad), those differences
are not valid, and those who respond to differences do not Good, those who are
entangled are not established, those who are not entangled are not good, those
who are cut off are not good, those who are comprehensive are not good, talk
about right and wrong, talked about by evil, talked about by evil, explained by
evil, talked by evil , The evil talked about. They scolded. "For the judges to
break down.

"The bad critics weep and grieve": """Weeping", "I was turned to other things;
thought of other things; thought about other things; being scrutinized for other
things, that was the big party, the masses, the big followers , And [I] this
group of people are not in harmony, and I will further destroy the talks by
reconciling with the people." "Any words like this, useless words, muttering,
weeping, tearing, weeping." Weep for sorrow. "Sadness", "his victory" he is sad;
"my defeat" he is sad; "his gains" he is sad; "my failures" he is sad; "his
reputation" he is sad; "my namelessness" "He is sad; "his praise" he is sad; "my
rebuke" he is sad; "his joy" he is sad; "my suffering" he is sad; "He is
respected, respected, respected, respected, clothes I am a person who is
disrespectful, respectful, respectful, and respectful of food, shelter,
patients' needs, and medical necessities. I am an unprofitable person of
clothes, food, shelter, patients' needs, and medical necessities." He was sad.
Tired, weeping, and crying, came to confusion. "For [him] weeping and sad.
"Inferior theory", inferior theory, inferior theory, incomplete theory,
incomplete theory, incomplete theory. "Weep and grieve for inferior critics.

"Lament: "He surpassed me."": ""He surpassed, overwhelmed, traversed, surpassed,
and overcome me in theory." This is "He surpassed me." Or, "in theory, defeated,
overwhelmed, After ending and crushing me, he walks, lives, acts, turns, guards,
keeps, and makes survival. This is also "He surpasses me." Lamenting is called
words, meaningless words, muttering, repeated murmurs, and verbosity , The state
of weeping speech." To lament: "He surpasses me."

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Everything they say is incomplete, and they are reprimanded by the judge,

Inferior critics weep, grieve, and lament: "He is beyond me. "'

63. These disputes that arise in Samana, among these there are pride and
    frustration,

should stop commenting after seeing this, because there is no benefit other than
the benefit of appreciation.

"The disputes that took place in Sand Gate": ""Sal Gate", anyone who walks into
the march from here, enters the march. What arises, arises, happens, arises, and
appears in Sand Gate. Quarrels, arguing about seeing, arguing about seeing,
arguing about seeing, arguing about seeing." For these disputes that took place
in Samana.

"Among these there are pride and frustration": "There are victories, defeats,
gains, no gains, reputations, no reputations, reprimands, praises, sufferings,
joys, joys, depressions, satisfactions and dissatisfactions. Yes, there are
dear, disgusting, proud, depressed, compliant, opposed, proud to win, depressed
to defeat, to get proud, to not get depressed, A proud heart with fame, a
frustrated heart with no reputation, a proud heart with praise, a frustrated
heart with rebuke, a proud heart with pleasure, a depressed heart with
suffering, a proud heart with joy, There is a depressed heart in melancholy, a
proud heart in high and slow, and a depressed heart in humble." It means that
there is pride and depression in these.

"After seeing this, you should stop talking about it": ""After seeing this",
"This trouble: in the quarrel of seeing, the argument of seeing, the dispute of
seeing, the argument of seeing, the disagreement of seeing after seeing, after
seeing , After weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying."
After seeing this {should you stop arguing?}, arguing is called quarrel,
arguing, arguing, arguing, arguing, or "arguing", He should not argue, should
not argue, should not argue, should not argue, should not argue, should not
argue with that unhealthy talk, quarrel, argue, argue, argue, argue, he should
Give up, should be driven away, should be terminated, should be brought to
non-existence. It should have been separated from quarreling, arguing, arguing,
arguing, dissent, abstaining, quitting, leaving, leaving, liberating He has been
free from the bondage, he should live with the heart of being free and
restricted." After seeing this, he should stop talking about it.

"Because there is no other benefit except the appreciation gain": "There is no
other benefit except the appreciation gain: oneselfThe interests of others, or
the interests of others, or both, or the interests of life, or the interests of
the afterlife, or the obvious interests, or the deep interests, or the hidden
interests, or the hidden interests, or the injustice The interests of the
people, or the interests of justice, or the interests of no fault, or the
interests of no pollution, or the interests of lucidity, or the highest
interests, they do not exist, do not exist, are not known, and are not
discovered. "Because there is no benefit other than the benefit of
appreciation."

Because of that, the Lord said:

"These disputes that arose in the Samana, there were pride and frustration among
them,

should stop commenting after seeing this, because there is no benefit other than
the benefit of appreciation. "

64. Or he was praised there: After preaching the theory among the masses,

Because of that, he laughed and sluggishly: After getting that benefit, he
became a wishful.

"Or where he is praised": ""There," he is praised, admired, praised, praised in
his own views, his likes, his hobbies, his opinions." For him or his Was praised
there.

"After preaching the theory among the masses": "After preaching and telling
one's own theories among the Kshatriya masses, or Brahman masses, or homeowners
masses, or Samana masses; preaching, telling, strengthening (makes Strengthen),
broaden, explain, explain, speak, and grasp the detailed theory (following the
theory)." It is after the theory is announced among the masses.

"Because of that he laughs and is tall and sluggish": He becomes a joyous
person, a laughter, a joyous person, a delightful person, a fully satisfied
person, or a person who shows his teeth and continues to laugh with that
advantage. "Because of that he laughed and arrogant": "He became a tribute,
sluggish, flag-raiser, vanity with that victory over interests." Because of that
he laughed and arrogant.

"Become a wishful one after gaining that benefit": "After the victory of the
benefit is obtained, achieved, acquired, possessed, and received. "Become a
wishful", become a wishful; become a wishful; become a wishful; become Like a
conscious one." To become a wishful one after getting that benefit.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Or he was praised there: after preaching the theory among the masses,

Because of that, he laughed and sluggishly: After getting that benefit, he
became a wishful. "

65. Fan Gong Gao would be his annoying place, and he would also say this slow
    and extremely slow,

He shouldn't argue after seeing this, because the skillful people say that there
is no purity because of that.

"Fangong high will be his annoying place": ""Fangong high", "slow, high banner,
vanity." is "Fangong high". "His annoying place" , That is his annoying ground
(foundation), hurting ground, oppressing ground, hitting ground, and hurting
ground." Those who are Van Gonggao will be his annoying ground.

"And he will also say this slow and extremely slow": "That person speaks slowly,
and extremely slow." So he will also say this slow and extremely slow.

"He should not argue after seeing this": "["After seeing this",] "This trouble:
in the quarrel of seeing, the argument of seeing, the dispute of seeing, the
argument of seeing, the disagreement of seeing, after seeing, seeing After
arriving, after weighing, after judging, after distinguishing, after
clarifying." In order to see this, "he should not argue", he should not quarrel,
should not argue, should not argue, should not argue, He should not be arguing.
He should abandon quarrels, arguing, arguing, arguing, and arguing. He should
abandon, drive away, end, and make it non-existent. It should have gone from
quarreling, arguing, arguing, arguing, and arguing. Separated, abstained,
abstained, renunciation, renunciation, liberation, renunciation, he should live
with the heart of separation and limitation." He should not argue after seeing
this.

"Because the skillful people say that there is no purity because of that": ""The
skillful people", those who possess skillful ones, those who are skilled in the
world, those who are skillful, those who are dependent on the skill, those who
mindful of the skillful, the diligent Skilled people, skillful people of gods,
skillful people of roots, skillful people of strength, skillful people of
consciousness, skillful people of Taoism, skillful people of fruit, skillful
people of Nibbana, those skillful people don't say, don't tell, Without talking,
without explaining, without talking, quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, and
dissents, there is purity, purity, and purity; separation, liberation, and
separation." Because of goodness. The clever people say that there is no purity
because of that.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Fangong High will be his annoying place, and he will also say this slow and
extremely slow,

He shouldn't argue after seeing this, because the skillful people say that there
is no purity because of that. "

66. If the warrior is nurtured by the king's food, the roarers come to want the
    enemy warrior,

勇Taxi (Soller)! Please go there, [I] didn't have it before, that is: to fight.

"As a warrior nurtured by the king's food": ""Warrior", warrior, warrior,
warrior-actor, not timid, not frightened, not frightened, and not fleeing.
"Nurtured by the king's food", by the king The food is nurtured, nurtured,
nurtured, and nurtured by the king's soft food." As a warrior who is nurtured by
the king's food.

"The roarer comes to want the enemy warrior": "The roarer (thunder), the
shouter, the roarer comes, arrives, arrives, the enemy warrior, the enemy, the
enemy, the opponent's wanter, the enjoyr, The hoper, the ardent, the
supplicant." The warrior who wants to be hostile for the growler.

"Warrior (Soler)! Please charge there": "Please charge, walk, walk, and advance
to the evil one. He is your hostile warrior, enemy, enemy, and opponent. "For
Soller (Warrior)! Please go there.

"[I] didn't have it before, that is: to fight": "Before, under the Bodhi tree,
all the pollution caused by the hostile, caused by the opponent, caused by the
hostile person, caused by the opponent, those No, does not exist, is not known,
is not discovered, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot
arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "i.e. for fighting", i.e. for fighting
justice (profit ; Purpose), for quarreling, for arguing, for arguing, for
arguing, for disagreement." For [I] there was no before, that is: for fighting.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"As if a warrior is nurtured by the king's food, the roarers come to want the
enemy warrior

Warrior (Soler)! Please go there, [I] didn't have it before, that is: to fight.
"

67. After they mastered the meeting, they argued, they told: "This is true",

Please tell them that when the debate arises, there are no hostile actors here.

"They argue after they have mastered it": "After a certain evil view of the
sixty-two evil views is controlled, picked up, grasped, grasped, and grasped,
they argue, quarrel, argue, argue, Arguing and disagreeing: "You don't know the
law and the law, I know the law and the law; you know the law, what the law is!
You are a wicked person, I am a righteous person; mine is consistent, yours It
is inconsistent: what should be said first and then what should be said later;
what you have been proficient in for a long time is reversed; your theory has
been broken by the theory, save [your] theory; you have been compromised, please
Dismantle, if you can."" They argued after seeing Fan Master.

"They told: "This is true"": ""The world is constant, this is true, and
everything else is empty." They say, tell, talk, explain, and say that the world
is very constant. ... (omitted) "After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor
does not exist, this is true, and everything else is empty." They say, tell,
talk, explain, and speak." Tell them: "This is only It is true".

"Please tell them that when the debate arises, there are no hostile actors
here.": "Please tell those who have bad views: debaters who argue with
arguments, those who argue with arguments, those who argue with rebuttals, and
differences with differences Those who respond to differences in response to
differences, those who are wrapped by wrapping, those who are wrapping away by
being wrapped, those who are cutting off by cutting, those who are synthesizing
by synthesis, those who are your hostile warriors, hostiles , Enemy, opponent."
"Please tell them that when the debate arises, there is no hostile actor here."
"When the debate arises, arises, is born, arises, and appears, the hostile
actor, the opponent actor, Hostile actors and opposing actors will quarrel; they
will argue; they will argue; they will argue; they will be dissidents. Those who
do not exist, do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, and have been
rejected...( (Omitted) Burned by the fire of wisdom." To tell them that when the
debate arises, there is no hostile actor here.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Whenever they know that they argue after meeting, they tell: "This is true",

Please tell them that when the debate arises, there are no hostile actors here.
"

68. But after leaving the Legion, they do: Don't see the opponents,

Bosoler! What can you get in them? Those who are not mastered here as the
highest.

"But after they leave the legion, they do it": "The legion is called a demon
army, which acts as a demon army with body evil; acts as a demon army with
speech and evil; Anger...resentment...hiding evil... bossy... envy... stingy...
fake... cunning... stubborn... passion......Slow...extremely
slow...slowly...relaxed...all pollution...all evils...all afflictions...all
scorching heat...all heat afflictions...everything bad works as a demon army.

This is said by the Blessed One: [Sn.3.2, 438-441 偈]

"Desire is your first legion, dislike is called the second... (omitted)

Those who have no courage will not defeat him, and they will get peace after
victory. "

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, because that
is called after leaving the army. "They" are Arhats, those who have exhausted
their troubles. "They do", they do, live, act, turn, guard, survive, and
survive. "Because Dan left the army, they did.

"Those who do not see and oppose views": "For them, the sixty-two evil views
have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by
the fire of wisdom. They do not see opposition and refute , Abandon, fight back,
repel the seers." Those who do not see the opposition.

"Bosoler! What can you get from them": "What kind of hostile warriors,
opponents, enemies, opponents can you get from those Arahants, those who have
exhausted their troubles [body]?" For Bosoler! What can you get in them?

"Those who have not been mastered as the highest here": "For those who are
arhats and those who have exhausted their troubles, "this is the highest, the
first, the best, the best, the top, the top, the top They are grasped, clinging,
clinging, taken, believed, they don't, they don't exist, they don't know, they
are not discovered, they have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, and stopped. ,
Cannot arise, be burned by the fire of wisdom." For those who are not mastered
as the highest here.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"But after they leave the legion, they do not meet the opponents,

Bosoler! What can you get in them? Those who are not mastered here as the
highest. "

69. Again, you are coming in meditation, you only see the evil with the will of
    your heart,

When you meet the Washer, you will definitely not be able to move forward.

"You have the coming of contemplation again": ""Again", the continuation of
sentences; the linking of sentences; the completion of sentences; the
combination of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences,
which is "again." ", pondering, pondering, pondering: Will I be a winner? Will I
be a frustrated? How will I make arguments? How shall I refute (save the
argument)? How will I make differences (differentiation) )? How will I respond
to the difference (subtle difference)? How will I do on wrapping (entanglement)?
How will I do on disentanglement (unwinding)? How will I cut (destroy)? I will
How to make a synthesis theory? This way of thinking, thinking, thinking and
reaching, approaching, reaching and meeting with me." For you to come in
contemplation again.

"Only the evil views with the meaning of the heart": "The mind, the mind, the
mind, the heart (dirty), the white (clean), the mind, the mind, the
consciousness, the consciousness, and the corresponding consciousness Realm.
From the mind, to observe: "The world is constant", or "The world is very
constant"... (omitted) or "The Tathagata after death neither exists nor does not
exist." Thinking of all evil views.

"When you encounter the person who is cleansed, you will definitely be
impossible to move forward": "Washing is called wisdom, which is wisdom,
understanding... (omitted) No delusion, choice of the law, right view, for what
reason is cleansing called Wisdom? With that wisdom body's evil deeds are shaken
off, washed, completely washed, and separated (washed); speech evil... (omitted)
All unwholesome deeds are shaken off, washed, completely washed, and separated
Wash. In addition, evil views are rightly seen... evil wills are right...
(omitted) evil liberation is right liberation shaken off, cleansed, completely
cleansed, cleansed. In addition, all pollution, all evils, all afflictions , All
scorching heat, all heat irritation, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off,
cleansed, completely cleansed, and separated cleansed by the eight holy paths.
The Blessed One has, fully possessed, walked in, fully walked in, possessed,
fully possessed, possessed these The Dhamma that can be cleansed, therefore, the
Blessed One is the one who cleans, he is the one who shakes off the greed, the
evil one, the one who shakes off the pollution, the one who shakes off the heat.

"Encounter with the Washed One, you will definitely not be able to move
forward": "It is impossible for Bosol, the marcher, to meet with the Washed One,
Buddha, and Blessed One, rendezvous, discuss after the game, talk together, and
enter the discussion. That is What's the reason? The demonstrator Bosol is
inferior, despicable, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, insignificant, and
the deity is the first, the most triumphant, the superior, the uppermost, the
supreme , The most top-notch. For example, it is impossible for a rabbit to meet
with a drunk elephant and compete after meeting; for example, it is impossible
for a jackal to compete with a lion,Beastmasters meet together, meet and compete
after meeting; for example, a young, suckling calf cannot meet with a bull
shaking the hump, and take a competition after meeting; for example, a crow
cannot meet or meet with Weinerda's descendant gold-winged bird After taking the
game; Ruchandra cannot meet with the king of runners, and then take the game
after meeting; Rutan ghost cannot meet with Indra, and take the game after
meeting, just like this, the marcher Bosol It is impossible to meet, rendezvous,
discuss after the competition, talk together, and enter into discussions with
the Washed One, Buddha, and Blessed One. What is the reason? The demonstrator
Bosol is the one who is inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the
inferior, the insignificant, the insignificant, Those who benefit from wisdom,
those who perceive wisdom, those who are clever, those who have developed
wisdom, those who have proven to be unimpeded, those who have reached the four
fearless ones, those who hold ten powers, those who look like cows, those who
look like lions, those who are virtuous People, those who can afford them, those
who have boundless wisdom, those who have boundless brilliance, those who have
boundless reputation, the rich, the rich, the rich, the guides, the moderators,
the comforters, the informers, those who make them consider, those who make them
see The one who makes it clear, the Blessed One is indeed the founder of the
unborn Tao, the producer of the unborn Tao, the unannounced preacher; the one
who knows the Tao, the one who knows the Tao, the one who knows the Tao, In
addition, [their] disciples now live in the companionship of Tao, and will be
those who possess it in the future.

The Blessed One is indeed the one who knows and the one who sees, he knows and
sees; he is the one who is born with eyes, is born with wisdom, is born with
Dhamma, and is born with Brahma; is an interpreter, promoter, and interpreter of
righteousness, The immortal giver, Dhamma King, Tathagata, there is no one that
the Blessed One does not know, does not see, unknown, does not testify, does not
touch with wisdom, the past, the future, and the present come to the Buddha and
the Buddha with all the deeds. In the field of wisdom, any law that should be
guided to reason can be known: one's own righteousness or other people's
righteousness or both, or the current righteousness or the righteousness of the
next life or both, or Deep or hidden or hidden, or should be led to infer, or
have been led to determine, or no-fault or pollution-free, or clear and pure or
supreme interest, everything They all turn around in the Buddha's wisdom.

All body kamma is transferred with the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One;
all language kamma [with the Buddha and the Blessed One] is transferred; all the
mental kamma [with the Buddha and the Blessed One] is transferred; the Buddha
and the Blessed One's wisdom about the past is barrier-free;[ [Buddha, Blessed
One] regarding the future wisdom is barrier-free; [Buddha, Blessed One]
regarding the present wisdom is barrier-free, all that should be guided to make
inferences is the reach of the wisdom; all the reach of the wisdom should be As
far as the leading inference is reached, the ultimate of the leading inference
should be wisdom; the ultimate of wisdom is the one that should be guided to
infer, and beyond the wisdom that should be guided to infer, does not turn up;
there is no way beyond the wisdom to be guided to infer. These methods are
restricted to each other. For example, if two box covers are in full contact,
the lower cover does not pass over the upper one; the upper cover does not pass
over the lower one, but is restricted to each other. [Similarly,] All that
should be guided to infer that is the reach of wisdom; all that should be guided
to inference is the reach of wisdom; the ultimate that should be guided to
inference is wisdom; the ultimate of wisdom is to be Those who lead inference,
transcendence should be led to infer, and the post-intellect does not turn;
transcendence has no way to be led inferential. These laws live in mutual
restriction.

The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred in all the Dhamma,
all the Dhamma is the Buddha, the Blessed One's turn to belong, the hope is to
belong, the intention is to belong, the mind is to arise, the wisdom of the
Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred to all living beings, the Blessed One
Know the intentions of all living beings, know the potential tendency of
troubles, know the behavior, know the solution (ambition), know about the less
dusty, the more dusty; the rooted, the dull rooted, the good deeds, the evil
deeds, and the susceptibility Teachable and uncomfortable beings; capable and
incapable sentient beings, including the world of heaven, demon, and Brahman;
generations of saman, brahman, heaven, and man all revolve in the wisdom of
Buddha.

Just as all fish, turtles, and even big fish swallowing boats revolve in the
sea, the same is true of the world including heaven, demon, and Brahman;
generations including Samana, brahman, heaven, and human all revolve in the
wisdom of Buddha. Such as any bird and even the gold-winged birds of the
descendants of Wei Na were turning around in the void field. In the same way,
those who have the same wisdom as Sariputta also revolve around in the field of
Buddha wisdom. The wisdom of the Buddha is pervasive and transcends heaven and
human.

Those wise Kshatriya, wise Brahmins, wise homeowners, wise Samana, wise
dissidents, sharp breakers who want to do evil views with a wise attitude, they
are prepared Later, I saw the Tathagata, and then asked the hidden and secret
[yili], those questionsThose who were talked and answered by the Blessed One
with reasons, but abandoned those nearby, and became the [disciples] of the
Blessed One. At that time, the Blessed One was there to shine with wisdom.
[Ps.21, Paragraph 5]" In order to meet the cleanser, it is indeed impossible for
you to move forward.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"You are coming again in meditation, you only see evil with your heart,

When you meet the Washer, you will definitely not be able to move forward. "

The eighth explanation of Bosol Sutta [completed].





Summary:

1. People are fixed in their own truths → self-esteem → criticism.

2. Those who want to admire are afraid of failure, ashamed when being scolded,
   and angry when being scolded.

3. There is pride (slowness) and frustration in the argument, and there is no
   other benefit besides the appreciation gain.

12/11/2020 15:30


