### 10. Explanation of Before Disintegration

83. What kind of precepts are seen by those who are called "silent ones"?
Gotama! Please tell me about that, (when) asked about the best person.

"The kind of precepts are seen by the one who is called "the silent one": ""the
one who sees", "has what kind of view, what kind of establishment, what kind of
contrasting seeing." What kind of precepts. "What kind of precepts", "what kind
of precepts are possessed, what kind of precepts are established, and what kind
of contrasts." What precepts for what kind of witnesses. "Called "the silent
one" "", "Being called, being said, being told, being talked, being explained,
being said to be a quiet person, a silent person, a calmed one, a cooled one,
and a rest(ing) one. "The "what kind of seer" increases wisdom for inquiries;
"what kind of precepts" increases the precepts for inquiries; "silent ones"
increase mind for inquiries." What kind of precepts are seen by those called
"the silent ones"?

"Gotama! Please tell me about that": ""That", everything I ask; everything I beg
for; everything I inquire for; everything that makes me clear. "Gotama", the man
called the Buddha and the Blessed One by his name. "Please tell", please tell,
please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover,
please analyze, please clarify, please explain." Gotama! Please tell me about
that.

"Inquired about the supreme being": ""The one being asked", The one being
interrogated; the one being inquired, the one being inquired of, the one that is
asked, the one who makes it clear. "The Supreme Being", The first, the most
victorious, the extraordinary, the top, the top person." The supreme being
inquired about.

84. [Blessed One, Like This:] Before the disintegration, he is one who is
    detached from thirst, not dependent on the past,
Not counted in the middle, for him (nothing) is valued (preferred).

"Detached from thirst before the disintegration": "Before the body
disintegrates; before the self disintegrates; before the corpse is abandoned;
before the root of life is cut off, the unthirsty, no longer thirsty, those who
have given up their thirst, those who are rid of their cravings, those who have
been liberated from thirst, those who have extinguished their thirst, those who
have renounced their thirst, those who have renounced greed, those who have no
greed, those who have eliminated greed, those who have been freed from greed,
those who have given up greed, those who are not hungry, those who have been
cooled, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who live as
Brahman.

"Blessed One", ...(omitted, see previous sections). This is '[Like this Blessed
One:] Before the disintegration, he was already separated from thirst.'

"Those who do not depend on the past": The past is called the past life, the
craving for the past life has been cut off, seeing has been cut off, in the
state where the craving has been cut off, seeing the state of being cut off,
this is to not be dependent on the past. In addition, "I used to have such a
form in the past..." looking for joy there. "I had such feelings... (omitted,
see previous sections)..."

"What should not be counted (reckoned) in the middle": "The middle is called the
present tense, the craving for the present tense has been cut off, ..., the
state of mind should not be counted as the "infected", should not be counted as
the "disgusting", should not be counted as the "ignorant", should not be counted
as the "bound person", shouldn't be counted as "the one who clings", shouldn't
be counted as "coming to chaos", should not be counted as "coming to the
undesirable", should not be counted as "coming to the fortitude" , those deeds
have been discarded, when the deeds have been discarded, they should not be
counted in the interests: "one of falls to hell (world)" or "beast world", or
"hungry ghost world", or "human", or "heaven", or "formed", or "formless", or
"thinking", or "non-thinking", or "neither thinking nor non-thinking", he has no
cause, no predestiny, and no factor where he will fall." It should not be
counted in the middle.

"What for him is not valued": "For him", for the Arahant; for the person who has
exhausted his troubles. There are two kinds of emphasis on "valued": the
emphasis on eagerness and the emphasis on seeing... (omitted, see previous
sections). For him, the value of craving has been cut off, the value of seeing
has been cut off, ..., he does not do thirsty love or see in the front and back
(before and after??), thirst for love is not for the flag (??), thirst for love
is not for building, ...not to increase, ...see for flags, for prise, for
seeing, do not increase, not to be thirsty or follow views, this is not valued
for him. In addition, "I will have this kind of form in the future life." There
is no joy; ...(omitted, see previous sections). The heart has no hope for the
unobtained, because of the hopelessness of the heart, he doesn't like it; when
he doesn't like it, this is not  valued by him.

85. Those who are not angry, those who are not afraid, those who do not show
    off, those who do not regret,
The speaker after consideration, the one who does not give up, he is indeed Muni
    with self-controlled speech.

"Those who are not angry, those who are not afraid": "Whoever is called "not
angry", but only those anger can be said (??). Anger is arisen in ten forms: "He
has acted against me. [AN.9.29]" Anger is aroused; "He is against my behavior.
"Anger is aroused; "He will act against me. "Anger is aroused; "He has been
unfavorable to my beloved and desirable behavior..., is unfavorable..., will be
unfavorable. "Anger is aroused; "He has benefited from what I do not love,
undesirable... "Anger is arisen; or anger is arisen unjustified. Any kind of
anger, hostility, hatred, aversion, evil, heart aversion, state of anger,
aggression, brutal anger, rage, displeased heart, this is called anger.

In addition, the extreme and small states of anger should be perceived:
sometimes anger is only the degree of turbidity, but not as much as frowning;
sometimes anger is just as frowning, but not as much as gritted teeth; sometimes
anger is just the degree of gritted teeth, but not as much as verbal abuse;
sometimes anger is only to the level of verbal abuse, but not as much as looking
around for a weapon; sometimes anger is just looking around in all directions
(for a weapon), but not as much as the degree of (acquiring) the cane; sometimes
the anger is only the degree of the cane, but not the degree of (pulling out)
the cane; sometimes the anger is just the degree of the cane, but not as much as
hitting with the cane; sometimes anger is just the hit of the cane, but not
enough to cut off what is done (interruption??); sometimes anger is just cutting
off and not enough to the degree of rupture; sometimes anger is only the degree
of rupture, but not as much pulling apart every limb; sometimes anger is only
the degree to which every limb is pulled apart, but not enough to kill;
sometimes anger is just the taking away of life, but not as much as the degree
of abandoning all over the place (what is already established??). When the angry
person kills himself after killing others, this situation is that the anger
further reaches the increase, and the further reaches the increase." For him for
whom this anger is cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable to arise, and
burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the unangered. The state of having
given up on anger is regarded as not angry; the state of knowledge about anger
is regarded as not angry; the state of being cut off from anger is regarded as
not angry." Those who are not angry.

"Those who are not afraid", here, one type of person is one who is afraid, those
who have fear, and those who have terror. They tremble, have fear, terror, and
come fear: "I can't get a home, or I can't get a group (crowd), or I can't get
shelter, or I can't get profit, or I can't get reputation, or I can't get
praise, or I can't get pleasure, or I can't get clothes, or I get a group meal,
or I cannot get a bed seat, or I cannot get the patient's necessities and
medical necessities, or I cannot get care, or I am not known. He was trembling,
horrified, afraid, and fearful.

Here, the Bhikkhu is the one who is not afraid, has no terror, and fearless. He
does not tremble, have fear, or come to fear: "I can't get a home, .... He does
not tremble, ..., or come to fear." Those who are not angry or afraid.

"Those who do not show off, those who do not regret": ""Here, one type of person
is boasting and showing off. He boasts and shows off: I am a "sufficient
person", or a "person of precepts", or a "person of prohibitions", or "by birth,
or by surname, or by good family, or by appearance and beauty like a lotus, or
by property, ...(omitted, see previous sections)", he boasted and showed off. He
doesn't boast or show off like this. From boasting and showing off, separation,
abstaining, renunciation, he lives with the heart of separation and limitation."
Those who do not show off.

"Those who do not regret", "Regret", the improper behavior of the hands is
regret, the improper behavior of the feet is also regret, the improper behavior
of the hands and feet is also regret, the inappropriate thought of as
appropriate, the appropriate thought of as inappropriate, the untimely thought
of as timely, the timely thought of as untimely, what is innocent is thought of
as sin, what is sinful is thought of as innocent, all regret like this, the path
of regret, the state of regret, the regret of the heart, the confusion of the
mind, this is called regret.

In addition, regret, heart regret, and confusion of mind arise from two factors:
what is done and what is not done ...(omitted, see previous sections). He has
regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind. This is what has been done and
what has not been done, and regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind arise.

Or, "I am not a full-fledged person in the precepts.... For him for whom regrets
have been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by
the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who does not regret." Those who don't
show off or regret.

"The speaker after consideration, the one who does not give up": ""After
consideration, it is called wisdom, which is wisdom, ...(omitted). When there
are many talks; wen there is a lot of explanation; when there is a lot of talk,
he considers, explores, and then speaks. He does not say what is said by evil."
He is the speaker after consideration. "Those who do not fall away", where, what
is falling away? Wherever the heart is falling away, there is no silence; the
heart is scattered; the heart is confused, which is called falling away. For him
for whom this has been cut off..., he is called the one who does not give up.

"He is indeed a Muni who has self-controlled speech": "Here, after the monk
abandons his words, he is a not a liar, truthful, true, reliable, trustworthy,
and non-deceitful to the world. After discarding speaking, he is a distant
speaker: hears from here, he does not speak there to divorce (alt: 'say there to
be a divination to these people'??) these people, like this, he is the mediator
of division, the disseminator of harmony, the one who is willing to reconcile,
the one who likes to reconcile, and the speaker of reconciliation. After
abandoning the rough and evil words, he is the one who leaves the rough and evil
words; the soft, pleasant, lovely and tempting, elegant, pleasant, and loved
words by everyone, words like this are said by him. After cutting off the
obscene language, he is the one who is free from the obscene language: he is the
speaker of the right time, the speaker of the facts, the speaker of the benefit,
the speaker of the Dhamma; he is the speaker of value at the right time,
reasonable, restrained, and profitable words [AN.4.198]. He has four kinds of
good deeds and four kinds of faultless words. He has been separated from the
thirty-two animal husbandry theory (should be 'evil words'??), has renounced,
has given up, has departed, has been freed, has given up his bondage, he lives
with the heart of being free and restricted.

He said ten things to talk about, namely: the theory of less desire, the theory
of contentment..., the theory of living alone..., the theory of
noncommunicating..., the theory of vitality..., the theory of commandment...,
the conclusion..., the theory of wisdom..., the theory of liberation..., the
theory of liberation wisdom..., mindfulness theory..., right diligence
theory..., foot (gods??) theory..., root theory..., force (??) theory...,
enlightenment theory..., Path theory..., Fruit theory, and Nibbana theory.
"Words with self-control" are cautious, prudent, guarded, protected, and silent.
"Muni", ...." He is indeed Muni with his own words.

86. There is no bondage in the future, he does not lament the past,
He sees touch (as) far away, and he is not guided in seeing (views).

"A person who has no bonds in the future": Attachment is called craving, which
is greed, .... For him, those who (do not) have this attachment, their cravings
cut off, ..., are those who are unbound in the future. In addition, "I will have
such a form in my future life." ...(omitted). Because of the lack of hope of the
heart, one doesn't like it; when you don't like it, this is also the unbounded
author in the future. "My ears will be like that in the future, and my voice
will be like that.".... In addition, "I will become the heaven or one of the
heavens with this virtue, prohibition, asceticism, and Brahma." I do not hope
for what is not obtained, and because of the lack of hope of the heart, I do not
like it; When you don't like it, this is also the one who has no bonds in the
future.

"He does not lament the past": "He does not grieve for what has changed, or is
not sad for what is changing: "My eyes have changed." He is not sad; my ears
.... He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not crying, not coming into
confusion." He does not lament the past.

"Seeing touch as far away": eye contact, ear contact, nose contact, tongue
contact, body contact, intention contact, name contact, opposite (pair??)
contact [DN.15], a touch that should feel happy, a touch that should feel
bitter, a touch that should feel neither suffering nor happiness, good touch,
unwholesome touch, non-remembering touch, desire touch, physical touch, formless
touch, empty touch, non-contact, unwilling touch, world touch, out of the world
touch, the past, the future, the present, and the state of touch, contact,
complete contact, and the state of complete contact like this is called touch.

"Seeing touch as far away": "With me, or with what I have, or with constant, or
with eternity, or with unchanging methods, he sees eye contact as far away; ...,
he sees ear contact as far away;. ...(omitted) as far away from "I", or "what I
am", or "forever", or "everlasting", or "unchanging."

Or, he sees the past being touched by the future and the present; he sees the
future being touched by the past and the present; he sees the present being
touched by the past and the future, or, where those holy, no worries, out of the
world, and void-related touch, the touch of greed he sees as far away; anger...,
ignorance..., (omitted)." Seeing touch as far away (could also be: 'those who
are far from seeing touch'??).

"He is not guided in seeing": "For him, the sixty-two evil views have been cut
off,... , and he will not be carried away by seeing, taken away, carried, nor
return to that evil view as the core." He is not guided in seeing.

87. Those who have withdrawn, not scheming, not eager, not stingy,
Those who are not arrogant, not (morally) disgusting, not keen on (divisive) discourse.

"Withdrawal, non-scheming": ""Withdrawal", "The abandoned greed state is the
withdrawn; the abandoned abuse state is the withdrawn; ...foolishness...,
anger..., (omitted). This was said by the Blessed One: "Monks! How are the monks
withdrawn? Bhikkhus! Here, the arrogance (slowness??) of the monks' self-being
has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, like a palm tree without
roots, becoming a non-existent thing for the future, Bhikkhus! The Bhikkhu is
withdrawn like this. [AN.4.38]" A withdrawn person.

"Non-scheming", there are three types of tricks: tricks with money (resources),
tricks with behavior, and tricks with peripheral language.

What is the trickery of using resources? ...(omitted, see previous sections).
What is the trickery of behavior? ....
What is the trickery of peripheral language? ....
Or, those who keep frowning; ....
Those who have withdrawn and are not tricky.

"Those who do not hope, those who are not stingy": ""Hope is called thirst, it
is greed.... For him, this eagerness and thirst have been cut off, ..., and hee
is called the one who is not eager, the forms..., sounds..., ...(omitted) Those
who are not eager. "Those who are not stingy", there are five kinds of
stinginess: ...(omitted, see previous sections). For the one who has been cut
off, ..., he is called the one who is not stingy." He is the one who is not
eager, and the one who is not stingy.

"Those who are not arrogant, those who do not hate": ""Arrogance", there are
three kinds of arrogance: body arrogance, speech arrogance, heart arrogance.
What is physical arrogance? Here, a certain type of people come to the Sangha to
show their body arrogance, showing the arrogance of the body when coming to the
group, showing the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria, showing the arrogance
of the body in the bathroom, showing the arrogance of the body in the bath,
showing the arrogance of the body when entering the home, and showing the
arrogance of the body when he has entered the [vulgar] home.

How does he come to show the arrogance of the body in the Sangha? Here, a
certain type of people who come to the Sangha are not respectful. When they
touch the elder monks, they stand, and when they touch them, they sit down,
stand in front of the [elder monks], sit down in the front, and sit in high
seats. Sitting down, sitting down with his head covered, he stood and talked,
waving his arms to talk, so that he came to the Sangha to show the pride of this
bodily arrogance..

What is the arrogance of coming to the group to show the body? Here, a certain
type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. To the elder monks who
walk without shoes, he walks in shoes, to those who walk in low places, he walks
in high places, and to those who walk in the ground, he walks in high places. He
walked through the passage, stood when touched (touching??), sat down when
touched, stood in front, sat down in front, sat down on the high seat, sat down
with his head wrapped, he stood and talked, Speaking with waving arms, this is
to show the arrogance of the body in the group.

What is it to show the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria? Here, a certain
type of person is not respectable in the cafeteria. He invades the elder
bhikkhus and then sits down, blocking the new bhikkhus with his seat, standing
when touching, and sitting down when touching, ..., so that he showed the
arrogance of his body in the cafeteria.

How does one show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom? Here, a certain
type of person is not a respecter in the bathroom. When he touches the elder
monks, he stands, when he touches, he sits, stands in the front, ..., putting
the firewood after not asking (??), closing the door without being asked, waving
his arms and talking, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom.

How is the arrogance of the body shown in the bath? Here, a certain type of
person is not respectable in the bathing place. When he touches the elder monks,
he jumps in, jumps in front, when touched, he bathes, bathes in front, bathes
above, when touched, he goes from out of the water, out of the water in the
front, out of the water above, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the
bath.

How is it to show the arrogance of the body when entering the  home? Here, a
certain type of person is not respectful when entering the [vulgar] home. When
he touches the elder monks, he walks, walks in front, and walks from the front
of the elder monks, beyond, repeatedly after leaving the right path. This is to
show bodily arrogance when entering the home.

What is the arrogance of showing the body when you have entered the [vulgar]
home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered the [vulgar] home, they
say "Great Virtue!" Please do not [want to] enter" when he is said to enter, as
"Great Virtue!" Please don't [want to] stand." He stood when he was said to be
"Great Virtue! Please don't [to] sit down." When being said, he sits down, he
enters when there is no space, he stands when there is no space, and he sits
down when there is no space, where the inner room of the [vulgar] family is
hidden and secret: the lay woman, the daughter-in-law, the lay wife, and the lay
girl sit down, where he enters roughly, and he touches the boy's head. This
shows the arrogance of the body when he enters the [vulgar] home. This is
showing the arrogance of the body.

What is showing the arrogance of words? Here, a certain type of people show
verbal arrogance when they come to the Sangha, show verbal arrogance when they
come to the group, and show verbal arrogance when they have entered the [vulgar]
family.

How does one come to show the arrogance of words in the Sangha? Here, a certain
type of people come to the Sangha without being respectful. After asking the
elder monks, or without being asked to speak to the monks who entered the
monastery, answering questions, and reciting the Parati Mucha (??), he stands,
speaking, waving your his to speak, this is the arrogance of coming to the
Sangha.

How does one come to show the arrogance of words in a group? Here, a certain
type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. After asking the elder
monks, or without being asked to speak to and answer questions to the monks
entering the monastery's garden, he stands and speaks, waving his arms and
speaking to the monks. The bhikkhunis, Upasai, and Upayi of the garden speak and
answer questions. He stands and speaks, waving his arms to speak. This is to
show the arrogance of speech in the group.

What is it to show the arrogance of speech when you have entered the [vulgar]
home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered [vulgar] homes, they say
to women or girls: "What is the name of this person and the last name; is there
milk porridge, food, and hard food?" What shall we drink? What shall we eat?
What will we chew? Or something: what will you give (do??) to me?" He mutters.
Anyone who is in such a state of speech, unhelpful words, muttering, and
verbosity, is the arrogance of speech when he has entered the layman's home.
This is the arrogance of words.

What is the arrogance of the heart? Here, a certain type of people who are not
from a noble family has an arrogant person who sets themselves together with a
noble monk, and a person who is not a monk from a large family sets himself and
a large family with his heart. Those who do not become a monk are equal, those
who do not become a monk from a wealthy family are equated with those who are
arrogant, and those who do not become a monk from a wealthy family are equated
with those who are not monks. The arrogant person considers himself and the
Sutta teacher to be equal in his heart, and the arrogant person who does not
hold the Dhamma..., there are arrogant people who don't say..., the people who
doesn't live in the woods..., the arrogant people who are very begging for
food... (omitted, see previous sections). This is the arrogance of the heart."
For him, those three kinds of arrogance are cut off, ..., he is called the
non-arrogant." Those who are not arrogant.

"Those who do not hate (are not disgusting)", there are those who hate, and
there are those who do not. What is a disgusting person? Here, a certain type of
people are those who break the precepts, those who are wicked, those who are
impure and suspicious, those who behave secretly, those who are not Samana but
call themselves Samana, who are not Brahmans but call themselves Brahmins, those
who leak from internal decay, those who have bad personalities [AN.7.72], this
is called a disgusting person. Or, he is easily angry and conquered by anger,
and when spoken a little bit, he is angry, hurt, aggrieved, rebellious, showing
anger, aversion, and dissatisfaction [AN.3.25]. This is called a disgusting
person. Or, he is an anger-prone person, a resentful person, a villainous
person, a bossy person, a jealous person, a stingy person, a cunning person, a
hypocrite, a stubborn person, an extremely slow person, an evil desire person, a
wrong view person, and a person who cannot give up [AN.6.36]. This is called a
disgusting person.

What is a person who does not hate? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives
and is protected by the self-control of the Borodhi Mucha (??). He has
sufficient righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the terrible in minor
sins and learns [AN.2.37] after being upheld at the school. This is called those
who don't hate. Or, he is a person who is not easy to get angry, and is always
free of irritation. When talked more (??), he will not be upset, angry,
agitated, resist, and show no resentment, aversion and dissatisfaction [MN.135].
This is called a person who does not hate. Or, he is not easy to anger, not
resentful, not hides evil, not overbearing, ...(omitted), those who are not
stubborn, and those who are easy to abandon (who abandon easily??) are called
those who do not hate. All ignorant ordinary people are disgusting, and virtuous
ordinary people, including the eight saints, are not disgusting." Those who are
not arrogant or disgusting.

"And those who are not keen on divisive speech": ""Divisive speech", here, a
certain type of person is a divisive speaker. After he hears it from here, he
speaks there in order to divide these people, or after he hears from there, in
order to divide those people, he says that here; like this, he is the destroyer
of harmony, the spreader of division, the disagreeable, the speaker of disunity,
the speaker of disagreement, this is called divisive speech.

In addition, there are two reasons for divisiveness: to be lovely by desire, or
by desire for division. How to produce divorce from desire to be lovely? "For
this, I will be lovely, I will be desirable, I will be close, I will be a close
friend, I will be kind." In this way, a divide arises from desire to be lovely.
How to produce division with the desire for division?" How will these become
various, will become separate, will become divided, will become two kinds, will
become contradictory, will become two factions, will break down, will not
reunite, cause suffering and unease." This is the desire for division to produce
division. For him who is cut off, ..., he is not enthusiastic (in dispute),
unyoked, not strongly yoked, those who are not fully yoke, those who do not face
the yoke, those who are not completely yoke." Those who are not keen on divisive
speech.

88. Those who have no leakage in satisfaction, those who are not enthusiastic in
    arrogance,
The soft and the eloquent, the unbeliever, he will not be tainted.

"People without leakage in satisfaction": "Satisfactory ones are called the five
desires. For what reasons are the satisfying ones called the five desires? The
five desires that most people want, accept, hope, have enthusiasm for, and
desire, are called satisfying for that reason. The satisfying desire for him who
has not given up will flow out due to the color of his eyes (?), flow, produce,
and transfer; the craving due to the sound of the ear..., ...smell of the nose
..., ...taste of the tongue..., ...touch of the body..., the craving due to the
dhamma of mind flows, produces, and transfers. For him who this satisfying
craving is cut off, ..., his craving due to the color of his eyes (??) does not
flow out, does not produce, and is not flowing, not turning; ...due to the sound
of the ear...(omitted). " Those who are satisfied with no leakage.

"And those who are not enthusiastic about arrogance": "What is arrogance? Here,
a certain type of person by birth, or by surname... (omitted). The thought of
the situation, the high, the lofty, the flag, the vanity of the heart, this is
called arrogance. For him for whom this arrogance is cut off, ..., he is not
enthusiastic, not yoked, ...." Those who are not keen on arrogance.

"The soft and the eloquent": ""The soft", "with soft body kamma" is soft, "with
soft language kamma" is soft, "with soft mental kamma" is soft, "with soft
mindfulness", ..., soft effort (Zhengqin??), soft four (gods feet??), ..., "with
the soft eight paths (branches??)" is the soft one.

"The talented person", there are three kinds of talented person: from learning,
from questioning, and from proving. What is a learned debater? Here, a certain
type of people are originally learners: Shudara, Zhiye, Jishuo, Gada, Udana,
Ritual, Jataka, No Dhamma, Vapora (??), and they defended after relying on his
learning. This is a learned debater. What is a questioning debater? Here, a
certain type of person is a questioner in terms of his own interests, righteous
interests, characteristics, reasons, possibility and impossibility, and he is
replied (to) after repeated questioning. This is repeated questioning debater.
What is a proven debater? Here, a certain type of person is the attainer of the
four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four spiritual feet, the five
senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, the eight holy ways,
the four Samana fruits, the four debates, and the six magic powers. Those who
have known the reason, the known method, and the known word are the ones who
defend in the known reason, the Dhamma is defended in the known Dhamma, and the
word is defended in the known word. There is no question about these three kinds
of wisdom. Obstructing the wisdom, reaching, fully reaching, entering, fully
entering, having, fully having this argument does not hinder the understanding
of wisdom, he is called the person with debate ability. If he hasn't learned,
questioned, and proved, what will he answer?" The soft and talented.

"The unbeliever, he will not be tainted": "The unbeliever," who has been
personally proven by himself, of the self-represented Dhamma does not believe in
any other Samana, or Brahman, or heaven, or man, or Brahma: "All actions are
impermanent "I've proved it by myself..., "All actions are suffering"..., "All
Dhamma is selfless"..., "Action is based on ignorance"..., "Being is based on
life, age, death"..., "Death by ignorance leads to demise"..., "Birth and death
lead to death and death(??)"..., "This is suffering"..., These are
defilements"...,  "This is the path leading to defilements"..., "These dhammas
should be proven to be known"..., "These dhammas should be witnessed"..., "The
gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, detachment of the touch...", the
gathering of the five aggregates..., the four major gatherings, disappearance,
pleasure, trouble, detachment are justified by oneself Knowing... "Any
collection of dhammas is extinguishing dhamma". The one who knows the Dhamma by
himself, self-proven, does not believe in any other Samana, or Brahman, or
heaven, or man, or Brahma.

---
checkpoint
---

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.48.44]: "Sariputra! You have [this] faith:
when the root of faith has been practiced and more practiced, there is an
immortal foothold, an immortal shore, an end of immortality; when the root of
vitality ...Being the root of mind...when the root of concentration...when
Huigen practices and practice more, is there an immortal foothold, an immortal
shore, and an end of immortality?"

"Great Virtue! Here, I do not believe in the Blessed One: when the root of
faith... when the root of vitality... when the root of mind... when the root of
concentration... when the root of wisdom has been practiced and practiced more,
there is an immortal foothold The place, the other side of the immortality, the
end of the immortality, great virtue! If this is not known, not seen, not
discovered, not testified, not touched by wisdom, there, They will come to other
people with faith: when the root of faith has been practiced and practiced more,
there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore, and an end of immortality;
when the root of vitality...the root of thought...the root of determination...
…When Hui Gen has practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold,
an immortal other side, and an immortal end; but, great virtue! Those who have
been known, seen, discovered, testified, and touched with wisdom, where they are
confident and undoubted: be the root of faith...the root of vitality...the root
of mindfulness... …When the roots are fixed...When the wisdom root has been
practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal other
side, and an end of immortality. Dade! For me, this has been known, has been
seen, has been discovered, has been testified, has been touched with wisdom,
where I am confident and undoubted: when the root of faith... when the root of
vitality... Niangen... When the root of concentration... When Huigen has already
practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore,
and an end of immortality. "

"Okay! Okay! Sariputra! Sariputra! If this is not known, unseen, undiscovered,
untested, untouched by wisdom, there, they will come to others with faith: When
the root of faith... (slightly omitted) When the root of wisdom has already
practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore,
and an end of immortality."

"The unbelievers and those who are not known, and those who have cut off
reincarnation,

The person who destroys the opportunity and the person who has vomited, he is
indeed the best person. "[Dhp. 97]

"Unbelievers, he will not be tainted": "All ignorant ordinary people are
tainted, good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of learned, they are
tainted, and the Arahant is neither tainted nor lied to be tainted: he who is
detached from the tainted is greedy The extinction of the person becomes the
state of freedom from greed; the extinction of anger becomes the state of
freedom from anger; the extinction of delusion becomes the state of freedom from
delusion, he is the person who has fallen into the state, has practiced the
behavior... (omitted) the cycle of life and death, Without his rebirth." As an
unbeliever, he is always infected.

89. Learning to gain, and getting angry when there is no gain,

is not eager to love the hostile, and not greedy in taste.

"Learning for gain, and getting angry when you are not gaining": "How to learn
for gaining? Bhikkhus! Here, the bhikkhu sees that the bhikkhu is a gainer of
clothes, food, shelter, necessities for patients, and medical necessities.
Thinking like this: "What does this venerable person use as a gainer of clothes,
food, shelter, patient needs, and medical necessities?" He thought this way:
"This venerable person is a sutra teacher, because then this venerable person is
The gainer of clothing, food, shelter, the necessities of the patient, and the
necessities of medicine." Gain is the cause, the condition is the condition, and
the reason is the gain, for the occurrence of gain, so that the gain is familiar
with him. Learn.

Or, when the monk sees that the monk is the gainer of clothes, food, shelter,
the patient's needs, and medical necessities, he thinks like this: "What is this
Venerable's clothing, food, shelter, patient's needs, and medical necessities
for gains? Who? He thought this way: "This Venerable is a lawyer...
(abbreviated) Speaker... Abhidhamma, because then this Venerable is a gainer of
clothes, food, shelter, patients' needs, and medical necessities. Gain is the
cause, benefit is the predestined, benefit is the reason, for the arising of
gain, so that gain is familiar with him and learns Abhidhamma. This is also to
learn for gain.

Or, when the monk sees that the monk is the gainer of clothes, food, shelter,
the necessities of the patient, and medical necessities, he thinks like this:
"What is this monk for the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, necessities of the
patient, and medical necessities? Who? "He thought like this: "This venerable
person is a man who lives in the woods... a frequent beggar... a man who wears a
dung sweeper... but a person in three clothes... a second beggar... a person who
does not eat after eating... often sits [No Lying]...the one who lives anywhere,
because then this venerable person is the gainer of clothes, food, shelter, the
needs of the patient, and the necessities of medicine. Profit is the cause,
profit is the predestined, profit is the reason, for the rise of profit, so that
profit is familiar to him. He is a person who lives in the woods... (omitted) a
person who lives everywhere, this is also to learn from profit.

How to learn without gain? "Monks! Here, the bhikkhus have the cause of gain,
the condition of the gain, the reason of the gain, the arising of the gain, the
ripening of the gain, only for the purpose of self-regulation (benefits), the
purpose of their own silence, so that they can achieve The purpose of Nibbana is
that he learns the scriptures, he learns the law, and he learns the Abhidhamma.
This is to learn without gain.

Or, bhikkhus have a cause for gain, a cause for gain, a reason for gain, not for
the arising of gain, and for not making gains to become familiar, only for the
sake of less desire, contentment, reduction, and living alone, Because of this
state, I become a wild beggar...become a beggar...become a fecal
sweeper...become a but three-clothed...become a second beggar...become a
non-eater after eating...become a regular sitting [Not lying] Those who...become
those who live everywhere, so that learning is obligatory to gain. "Learning for
obligatory gain.

"And to get angry when there is no gain", how is it to get angry when there is
no gain? Here, a certain type of people [think]: "I can't get a home, or I can't
get a group (people), or I can't get a place to live, or I can't get profit, or
I can't get fame, or I get I can't get praise, or I can't get pleasure, or I
can't get clothes, or I can't get group food, or I can't get bed seats, or I
can't get the patient's needs and medical necessities, or I get I can't be taken
care of, or I'm not known. He was angry, rejected, stubborn (resisting), showing
anger, aversion, and dissatisfaction. This is to get angry when there is no
profit.

How to not get angry when you are not profitable? Here, Bhikkhu [thinks]: "I
can't get a home, or I can't get a group... (omitted) I am the one who has not
been known. He is not angry, rejects, stubborn (resistance), does not show
anger, aversion, or dissatisfaction. This is to not get angry when you are
unprofitable. "Learning for non-profit, and getting angry when there is no
profit.

"Don't love the hostile with thirst, and don't follow the greed in the taste":
"'Hold hostile", the mortal heart's anger, hostility, disgust, hostility, anger,
anger, anger, aversion, anger, evil, heart The state of aggression, anger,
anger, anger, anger, state of anger, anger, anger, state of anger, anger, anger,
hostility, hostility, cruel anger, anger, displeased heart, This is called
hostility. For him who this anger is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped,
unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called an unhostile
person. "Thirst for love", The craving for color, the craving for sound, the
craving for smell, the craving for taste, the craving for touch, the craving for
Dhamma. "Taste (taste)", there are root, branch, skin, leaf Taste, floral,
fruity, sour, sweet, bitter, spicy, salty, alkaline, sour, astringent, pleasant,
unpleasant, cool, and hot. Some Samana and Brahman are taste-seekers. They roam
around with their tongues looking for the best taste. After they get the sour
taste, they ask for no sourness, after they get the sour taste, they ask for
sourness; after they get the sweetness, they ask for no sweetness, and after
they get the sweetness, they ask for sweetness. After getting bitterness, ask
for no bitterness, ask for bitterness after getting no bitterness; ask for no
spicy after getting spicy, ask for spicy after getting no spicy; ask for no
salty after getting salty, and ask for no salty after getting salty Salty taste;
after getting the alkaline taste, look for the alkali-free taste, look for the
alkaline taste after the alkali-free taste; look for the astringency after the
sour taste, look for the sour taste after the astringency; look for the
unpleasant taste after the pleasant taste, and get the unpleasant taste They ask
for pleasant taste afterwards; those who get cold and ask for heat, and those
who get hot after getting cold. They always ask for unsatisfactory after getting
them, and they are greedy, greedy, and bound to the desired taste. , Fascinated,
tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed, whoever this taste for him is cut off, cut
off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, He ate
food after inspecting it logically: "Neither for pleasure, nor for intoxication,
not for a good figure, not for dignity, but for the survival and survival of
this body, to stop the harm, and to support the Brahma. In this way, I will
Repel the previous feelings, do not arouse new feelings, be healthy, no fault,
and live in peace."

For example, if he applies oil to the sore, it is only for the purpose of
growing [meat], or if he applies oil to the axle, only for the purpose of cargo
transportation, or if he eats his son's meat only for the desert The degree of
offense. In the same way, the bhikkhu ate food after inspection: "Neither for
pleasure... (omitted) to live in peace. The thirsty love of taste, he renounced,
driven away, ended, and made it cease to exist. He should have been separated
from taste and thirst, has renounced, has renounced, has renounced, has
renounced, has been liberated, has renounced bondage, he lives with the heart of
separation and limitation. "For those who don't want to be hostile, don't follow
greed in taste.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Learning to gain, and getting angry when there is no gain,

is not eager to love the hostile, and not greedy in taste. "

90. The calm person is always mindful, and he doesn't think about the same in
    the world,

non-excellent non-inferior, for him there is no increase.

"The calmer is always mindful"": "The calm one" has the six branches of calm:
after seeing the color with the eyes, he is neither happy nor sad but living in
peace, with mindfulness and righteous knowledge; after hearing the sound with
ears... (omitted) after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness , Neither happy
nor sad, but live in peace, mindfulness and righteous knowledge [DN.33 six
permanent residence]. After seeing the agreeable color, he does not desire,
dislike, and does not cause greed to occur. His body is already established, his
mind is already established, he is built up and freed by kindness, and he is
undesirable by seeing After the color, he does not become discouraged,
unrestrained mind, unintentional sorrow, unintentional malice, his body is
already abided, his mind is abided, and he is built up and freed by kindness .
After hearing the sound with ears...after smelling the smell with the
nose...after tasting the smell with the tongue...touching the touch with the
body...after knowing the method of consensuality with consciousness, no greed,
dislike, and no greed are produced, his The body is abiding, the mind is
abiding, being built up and freed by virtue, and after knowing the
unsatisfactory law with consciousness, it will not become discouraged, abiding
mind, or unintentional. Sad, unintentional malice, his body is already abiding,
his mind is abiding, and he is built up and liberated by kindness.

After seeing the color with his eyes, both the body and the mind are established
and freed by the body and the mind in both the agreeable and undesirable colors;
after hearing the sound with the ear... ) After knowing the Dhamma with
consciousness, he is inhabited by the body and inhabited by the mind in both the
agreeable and undesirable methods, and he is established and liberated by
goodness within himself [SN.46.6].

After seeing the color with eyes, don't get drunk on those who can be infected,
don't be angry on those who can be angry, don't be foolish on those who can
become stupid, don't get angry on those who can be angry, and don't get drunk on
those who can get drunk , Don't contaminate what will be contaminated; after
listening to the sound with your ears... (omitted) after knowing the Fa with
your consciousness, you will not be contaminated when you are contaminated, not
angry when you are angry, and not angry when you become foolish Be stupid, don't
get angry when you get angry, don't get drunk when you get drunk, and don't
pollute when you pollute. There is only so much in what you see; there is only
so much in what you hear; there is only so much in what you know; there is only
so much in what you know [SN.35.95], in what you see Not contaminated; not
contaminated by what you hear; not contaminated by what you are aware of; not
contaminated by what you know, and who is unsatisfied, [virtue] without loss,
not dependent, and not bound by what you know . Freed from the bondage, he lives
with the heart of being free from being restricted; in terms of what he hears...
(omitted) in terms of what he knows, he is the one without attachment, the one
who does not lose, the one who does not depend on, and the one who is not bound.
Freed from the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free and restricted.

Arahants have (existing) eyes, Arahants have eyes to see color, Arahants have no
desires, and Arahants have good heart and liberation; Arahants have ears, Arahants
use ears to listen to sounds, Arahants have no desires, and Arahants have good
heart and liberation; Arahants have noses, and Arahants hear by nose Smell, arhats
have no desire to greed, arhats have good heart and liberation; arhats have
tongues, arhats taste tastes with their tongues... (slightly omitted) arhats
have bodies, arhats touch with their bodies...arhats have intentions, arhats
know Dhamma with consciousness, and arhats have no desire to be greedy , The
Arahant is kind and free [SN.35.232].

Eyes are joyful in form, joy in form, joy in form, the Arahant has been tuned,
guarded, guarded, protected, and taught how to control it; ears are joyous in
sound... (omitted) The nose rejoices in the smell...The tongue rejoices in the
taste, joy in the taste, joy in the taste. The Arahant has been tuned, guarded,
guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it, and the body is in place.
Rejoicing in touch... (slightly omitted) means to rejoice in the Dhamma, to be
happy in the Dhamma, to be happy in the Dhamma, the Arahant has been transferred,
guarded, guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it [MN. 75].

"They guided the [Dragon Elephant] that had been adjusted to the assembly, and
the king boarded the adjusted,

The man who has been tuned is the most victor among the people, whoever insults
him is bearable.

The donkey horse that has been tuned is exceptional, and the trustworthy product
is the steed.

and Kunjara (elephant) are big dragon elephants, and self-regulators are even
better.

does not ride in these cars, can go to the unreached direction,

is good at self-adjusting, and the person who adjusts the governor comes to him.
[Dhp. 321-323]

They are unshakable in all kinds of slowness, becoming liberated and reborn,

has reached the adjusted imperial position, they are the victors in the world.
[SN.22.76]

Those who have cultivated their roots, inside and outside themselves: in the
world,

pierce this and other worlds, when he is waiting for death: he is the one who
has been transferred. "[Sn.3.6, 521 verse]

"The calmer is always [conscientious]": "["Always",] always; everything; all the
time; always; eternal time... (omitted) old age. "mindful", mindful in four
ways: when practicing on the body When the body is mindful, it is mindful, when
it is received...on the mind...When you practice mindfulness and mindfulness in
the Dhamma, it is mindful... (omitted) He is called mindful." The calm is always
mindful.

"I don't think about the same in the world": "Not by birth, or by surname...
(Omitted) or something that slows the production of "I am the same"."

"Non-superior and non-inferior": "Not by birth, or by surname... (Omitted) or
something to make "I am the winner" very slow. Not by birth, or by surname...
(Omitted) ) Or use something to cause the humbleness of "I am the inferior"." It
is non-excellent and non-inferior.

"For him there is no increase in prosperity": ""For him", for the Arahant; for
those who have exhausted troubles. "Increase in prosperity", there are seven
types of prosperity: greed and aggression , Ignorance, slow increase, see
increase, pollution increase, industry increase, for him these increases do not
exist, do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, have been cut off, cut
off, To be calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom."
Because there is no prosperity for him.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The peaceful person is always mindful, and he doesn't think about the same in
the world,

non-excellent non-inferior, for him there is no increase. "

91. There is no state of dependence for him: after he knows the law, he becomes
    a non-dependant person,

is for being or not, and for him, eagerness is not found.

"There is no state of dependence for him": ""For him", for the Arahant, those who
have exhausted their troubles. "Dependence", there are two kinds of dependence:
dependence of craving and dependence of seeing... (Omitted) This is the
dependence of craving... (Omitted) This is the dependence of seeing. For him,
the dependence of thirst has been cut off, the dependence of seeing has been cut
off, with the dependence of thirst The state in which the cessation has been cut
off, the state of seeing the attachment has been cut off, for him the state of
dependence is not, does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut
off, cut off, Being calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of
wisdom." For him there is no state of dependence.

"After knowing the Dhamma and becoming non-observant": ""After knowing", after
knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating,
after clarifying. "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, after
understanding, after measuring , After judgment, after separation, after
clarification; "All actions are suffering"... "All Dhamma is without self"...
(Omitted) "Any collection of Dhamma is extinction" After knowing, understanding,
and weighing, After judgment, separation, and clarification. There are two kinds
of dependence for "non-dependant": the dependence of craving and the dependence
of seeing... (omitted) this is the dependence of craving... (omitted) this It is
the refusal to see. After the refusal to cut off the thirst for love; the
refusal to obey the eyes after the refusal to see; the ears; the nose; the
tongue; the body; the body Consciousness;
colors...sounds...scents...smells...touches...homes...groups
(people)...dwellings...(omitted) what you see, hear, feel, and be aware Those
who know the dhammas are not adhered to, those who do not stick, those who do
not fall into, those who do not cling, those who do not turn their minds toward
(victory). Those who have left, have left, have been liberated, have been
separated from bondage, they are limited by separation To live with your heart."
To become non-compliant after knowing the Fa.

"To be or to not, for him thirst is not found": "'Thirst for love', thirst for
color, thirst for sound, thirst for smell, thirst for taste, thirst for touch
The thirsty love of Dhamma. "For him", for the Arahant, for those who have
exhausted their worries. "For existence", for existence, for existence, for
existence, for existence. For existence, for existence. To Chang Heng, "to
nothingness", to see to death. "To existence", to repeated existence, repeated
interest, repeated rebirth, repeated rebirth, repeated individual emergence. For
him to love him or not, Does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has
been cut off, cut off, calmed down, halted, unable to arise, burned by the fire
of wisdom." For being or nothing, it is not for him to love it be found.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"For him there is no state of dependence: after he knows the Dhamma, he becomes
non-dependant,

is for being or not, and for him, eagerness is not found. "

92. I said "He is the Silent": the one who has no expectation in desire,

His various knots were not discovered, he lived in love.

"I say he is "the silent one"": "The silent one is the silent one, the cooler,
and the resting one. I say him, I tell him, I talk about him, I explain him,I
speak to him. "For me, he is the "Silent One".

"Those who have no expectation in desire": "Desire", from praising there are two
desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these are
called the desires of things... (omitted) these are called The desire to
pollute. After being omniscience in the desire for things, after giving up,
after abandoning, after being driven away, after the end, after making it
non-existent, when the desire for things is not expected, it becomes already
Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires,
Desires, Desires, Desires Eliminate greed, those who have been freed from greed,
those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who are
not hungry, those who have cooled, those who have become cool, those who feel
happy, and those who live as Brahman." For those who have no expectations in
their desires.

"His knots are not discovered": "Bindings", there are four types of bindings:
greedy body knots, malicious body knots, abstinence body knots, [only] this is
true persistence The body is tied [SN.45.175]. The greed of one's own view is
tied to the body of greed, and the anger and dissatisfaction of others is the
tied to the body of malice. [The body binding of the holding (Ni.13,147 verse)]
is [only] this is the real binding of the body. "His", the Arahant's, the one
whose troubles are exhausted. "His ties are not discovered": "For him, the ties
are not, non-existent, unknown, undiscovered, they have been cut off, cut off,
calmed down, stopped, and cannot arise. , Burned by the fire of wisdom." Because
his knots were not discovered.

"He has been in love": Loving is called thirst, which is greed, greed...
(abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it
mean to be loving? The "spread" is for love; the "broad" is for love; the
"broad" is for love; the "incorrect" is for love; "it forces" is for love; "it
seizes" is for love; "Fraud" is love; "poisonous root" is love; "poisonous
fruit" is love; "poison is used" is love; or, "the vast thirst for love: in
color... in sound... ...In the smell...in the taste...in the touch...in the
home...in the masses...in the dwelling...(slightly) in the dhammas that can be
seen, heard, felt, and knowable "The enlarged attachment" is love. "He has been
in love": "This loving thirsty loves him to pass, surpass, pass, pass,
overcome." Passing love for him.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"I said, "He is the Silent One": One who has no expectations in desire,

His various knots were not discovered, he lived in love. "

93. His son, livestock, fields and homes were not found,

Even if it has been obtained or rejected, it is not found in him.

"His sons, livestock, land and homesteads will not be discovered": "No" is
negative. "His", the Arahant's, the one whose troubles are exhausted. "Sons",
there are four kinds of sons: sons born to himself, sons born in the field, sons
of adopted sons, and sons of apprentices. "Livestock", goat and sheep, chicken
and pig, elephant, cow, horse, mule and horse. "Fields" include japonica rice
fields, rice fields, mung bean fields, bean fields, large wheat fields, wheat
fields, and sesame fields. "Homestead" refers to residential homes, warehouse
front courtyard homes, backyard homes, garden homes, and residential homes. "His
son, livestock, land and homestead are not discovered": "His son's attachments
(take all over), or livestock attachments, or land attachments, or homestead
attachments, they do not exist, do not exist, and are not known, Undiscovered,
cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of
wisdom." For his son, livestock, the land and homestead were not found.

"Even if what has been obtained or rejected, he has not been found": "The "got"
is for me to see; the "rejected" is a judgment, he has not been held by the
"got"; "Rejected" should be liberated, and those who are not grasped are not
those that should be liberated; those who are not supposed to be liberated are
not those that are grasped, the Arahant is the one who has passed the grip and
release, and the growth And the degenerate, he is the one who has fallen into
the state, the one who has practiced... (omitted) the cycle of life and death,
without his rebirth." Even if he has obtained or rejected, he has not been
found.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"His sons, livestock, fields and homes were not found,

Even if it has been obtained or rejected, it is not found in him. "

94. Ordinary people, Samana, Brahmins, how can you say the other,

is not taken seriously for him, so he does not waver about what is said.

"Ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins,What can you say about others":
""Ordinary people", "They make a lot of pollution born." are ordinary people;
"Many people who have not been removed (killed) in the sight" are ordinary
people; "People who see many masters' faces" are ordinary people; "Those who
have not come out of many and all interesting places" are ordinary people; "They
make many kinds of contrivance." They are ordinary people; "They are washed away
by many kinds of violent currents." They are ordinary people; "They are annoyed
by many kinds of torture." Ordinary people; "They are burned up by many kinds of
heat and irritation." As ordinary people; people who are greedy, craving, bound,
obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in many five desires "It is
an ordinary person; "A person who is covered, wrapped, obstructed, closed,
concealed, and covered by many five covers" is an ordinary person. "Samen",
anyone who walks into the parade from here, enters the parade. "Brahman
"Everyone who calls friends to others. Ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins,
what can they say to others?" Ordinary people can say with greed; who can say
with hatred; who can say with idiot; who can say with slow; Anyone who can say
by seeing; whoever can say by exaltation; whoever can say by doubt; whoever can
say that he is "infected", or "disgusting", or "ignorant", or "bound" by the
latent tendency of troubles Those who "come to those who are clinging", or
"coming to the distracted ones," or "coming to the unsatisfactory ones," or
"coming to the fortitude ones," those whose deeds have been cut off, and those
who have been How interesting is the state of renunciation to say that he is a
"hell-fallen person", or a "beast-fallen person", or a "hungry ghost-landish
person", or a "person", or a "heaven", or a "colored person", Or "colorless", or
"thinking", or "not thinking", or "neither thinking nor non-thinking"? He has no
cause, no predestined condition, no factor by which he can speak, speak, talk,
explain, and speak. "For ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins, what can you say
about others?"

"For him that is not valued": ""For him", for the Arahant; for those who have
exhausted their troubles. "Value", there are two kinds of attention: [Because]
the value of eagerness and [ Because] the importance of seeing...(slightly
omitted) this is the importance of thirsting...(slightly omitted) this is the
importance of seeing. For him, the importance of thirsting has been cut off, and
the importance of seeing has been cut off. The state in which the attention of
love has been cut off, the state in which the attention of seeing has been cut
off, they set (as) no thirst or no-seeing before (attention), and then walk, no
thirst for love, no thirst Love is a building, no desire to love is increasing,
not seeing is a banner, not seeing is a building, not seeing is increasing, and
walking without being thirsty or seeing is followed." For him that is not
valued.

"Therefore, he does not waver about what he said": ""Therefore", therefore; that
reason; that cause; that fate; that cause. Regarding what is said, rebuke,
accusation, scolding, praise or not He does not shake, does not shake, does not
move, does not tremble, does not tremble (strong tremor), and does not tremble
much (strong tremor)." Therefore, he does not sway about what is said.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins, how can they say others,

is not taken seriously for him, so he does not waver about what is said. "

95. Those who are free from greed and not stingy, Muni will not say that he is
    among the best.

are not among the same, not among the inferior, and those who do not construct
do not come to construct.

"Anyone who is free from greed and not stingy": ""Craving is called craving, it
is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, this
greed is cut off, cut off, The one who is calmed down, stopped, unable to arise,
burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who is free from greed, he is
not greedy in appearance... (omitted) in what you see, hear, feel, and be aware
The dhammas are not covetous, not tied, not obsessed, sinless, deviated from
covetousness, deprived of covetousness, deprived of covetousness, deprived of
covetousness, deprived of covetousness, and deprived of covetousness. The
greedy, the greedy, the not hungry... (abbreviated) to live as a brahman who is
alive." For the greedy. "Not stingy" and "saving", there are five kinds of
stinginess:[ To] the stinginess of residence, the stinginess of the family, the
stinginess of gains, the stinginess of praise, the stinginess of the law, all
the opinions like this... , Being cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to
arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is said to be not stingy." He who is
free from greed, not stingy.

"Muni will not say that he is among the excellent, not among the same, and not
among the inferior": ""Muni", Muna is called wisdom... (omitted) He is Muni
after being dyed with the net. "Is the winner", or "I am the same", or "I am the
inferior" he does not say, does not tell, does not talk, does not explain, does
not say.Among the good, there are not the same or the inferior.

"The one who does not construct does not come to construction": ""Construction"
has two constructions: [cause] the construction of desire and [cause] the
construction of seeing... (omitted) This is the construction of desire...
(omitted) This is the construction of seeing. "For him, the construction of
thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, and the
construction of thirst has been cut off, and the construction of seeing has been
cut off. State, the construction of craving or the construction of seeing. He
does not come, does not arrive, does not arrive, does not grasp, does not cling,
does not cling to. "For does not come to the construction. "Non-constructor",
"Construction", there is Two kinds of constructions: [Cause] the construction of
craving and [cause] the construction of seeing... (Omitted) This is the
construction of craving... (Omitted) This is the construction of seeing. For
him, the construction of craving has been The construction of renunciation and
seeing has been cut off, in the state of being cut off from the construction of
craving, the construction of seeing has been cut off, the construction of
craving or the construction of seeing he does not make or produce it , Do not
make it produce, do not make it arise, do not make it arise." Those who do not
construct do not come to construct.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"For those who are not greedy and not stingy, Muni will not say that he is among
the best.

are not among the same, not among the inferior, and those who do not construct
do not come to construct. "

96. For him there is no one himself in the world, and he does not grieve with
    what does not exist,

does not go into the dhamma, he is indeed called "the silent one."

"For him there is no one in the world": ""For him", to the Arahant; to the one
who has exhausted troubles. "There is no one in the world", to him, there is
nothing to show Kind, feeling, thinking, deed, consciousness, "This is mine, or
this is someone else's." Being grasped, clinged, attached, taken, Believed, he
doesn't, doesn't exist... (slightly) was burned by the fire of wisdom." For him
there is no one in the world.

"He doesn't grieve with what doesn't exist": "He doesn't sorrow for things that
have changed, or he doesn't sorrow for things that have changed: "My eyes have
changed" He is not sad; "My ears...my nose ...My tongue...my body...my mind...my
colors...my voices...my smells...my tastes...my touches...my All dhammas...my
home...my group (congregation)...my residence...my gains...my reputation...my
praise...my pleasure...my clothes...my food ...My bed base...my patient's needs
and medical necessities...my mother...my father...my brother...my sister...my
son...my daughter...me Friends...my colleagues...my relatives...my blood
relatives have changed. He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not beating his
chest and crying, and not coming to confusion." Existent and sad.

Or, "to be touched, tortured, combined, possessed by false suffering, he is not
sad, not tired, not weeping, not pounding and crying, not coming to confusion:
being touched, tortured, combined, possessed by eye diseases, He is not sad,
tired, weeping, crying, or confused; he suffers from ear disease...by nose...by
tongue...by body...by head...by external ear... ...Being sick with mouth...being
sick...being coughed...being gasping...being external nose...being fever...being
old...being sick...being unconscious...being diarrhea...being abdominal pain...
Being cholera... Being leprosy... Being tumor... Being ringworm... Being lung
disease... Being epilepsy... Being ringworm... Being mange... Being
rheumatoid... Being scratched (a type of leprosy)... Being Dry and cracked
skin...Blood biliary disease...Diabetes...Hemorrhoids...Rash
(boils)...Hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer)...Disease caused by gallbladder...Disease
caused by phlegm... Diseases caused by the wind... Diseases that are gathered by
[three]... Diseases that are born from changes in seasons... Diseases that are
born from incorrect postures... Diseases that are hit suddenly... Born by the
effects of kamma The disease...being cold...being
hot...hungry...thirsty[...being feces...being urine]...being touched, tortured,
combined, possessed by the scorching sun snake, he does not Sorrow, not tired,
not weeping, not pounding and crying, not coming to confusion." This is also why
he is not sad because it does not exist.

Or, "In the non-existent, unknown, and undiscovered [thinking]: "Ah! My one is
really gone. If there is my one, I really don't get that." He is not sad , Don't
get tired, don't weep, don't beat your chest and cry, don't come into
confusion." This is also why he doesn't grieve as nonexistent.

"Do not go into the dhammas": "Those who do not go to desire should not behave;
those who do not go to hate should notWhere to go; do not go to the place where
idiots should not do; do not go to the place where horrible ones should not do;
do not go because of greed (walk to); do not go because of aversion; do not go
because of idiot; Go; don't go because of seeing; don't go because of
abandonment; don't go because of doubt; don't go because of potential troubles,
and don't be carried away, carried away, carried or carried by the quarrel
(disharmony) law. "In order not to walk into the dhamma.

"He is indeed called "The Silent"": ""He is the Silent, the Silent, the Silent,
the Cooler, the Silent." Is called, said, told, talked, explained, To be said."
Because he is indeed called the "Silent One".

Because of that, the Lord said:

"For him there is no own in the world, and he does not grieve for what does not
exist,

does not go into the dhamma, he is indeed called "the Silent One". "

Tenth [Completed] Explanation before disintegration.





Summary:

1. Those who prove liberated before death can be called silent ones---describe
   the appearance of liberated ones.

2. One-point follow-up: not angry, not afraid, not showing off (slow), not
   regretting, saying after consideration, not giving up, self-control, not
   tricky, not eager, not stingy, not arrogant, not disgusting, not parting ,
   Not leaking, not hostile, not greedy.

12/12/2020 10:45


