10. Explanation before disintegration
     Secondly, the explanation before disintegration will say:
    83. What kind of precepts do those who see what kind of precepts are called "the silent ones"?
       Joe Damo! Please tell me about that, the best person being asked.
"The kind of precepts of the one who sees is called "the silent one": ""the one who sees", "has what kind of sight, what kind of establishment, what kind of contrasting seeing." What kind of precepts. "What kind of precepts", "what kind of precepts are possessed, what kind of precepts are established, what kind of precepts, and what kind of contrasts." What precepts are for what kind of witnesses. "It is called "the silent one" "", "Being called, being said, being told, being talked, being explained, being said to be a quiet person, a quiet person, a calmer, a cooler, and a rest. "The "what kind of seer" increases wisdom for inquiries; "what kind of precepts" increases the precepts for inquiries; "silent ones" increase mind for inquiries. "For what kind of precepts are the seers called "the silent ones"?
"Goddam! Please tell me about that": ""That", everything I ask; everything I beg for; everything I ask for; everything that makes me clear. The surname is called Buddha and Blessed One. "Please tell", please tell, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain." For Joe Damo! Please tell me about that.
"The Supreme Being Inquired": ""The One Being Inquired", The One Being Interrogated; The One Being Inquired, The One Being Asked, The One That Is Asked, The One Who Makes It Clear. "The Supreme Being", The First, The Most Victorious, The extraordinary, the top, the top, the top person." is the top person asked.
     Because of that, Huaren said:
     "What kind of precepts are seen by those who are called "silent ones"?
       Joe Damo! Please tell me about that, the best person being asked. "
    84. [Like this world-zun:] Before the disintegration, he was the one who was detached and thirsty, not dependent on the past,
       was not counted in the middle, and was not valued for him.
"Before the disintegration of the thirsty": "Before the body disintegrates; before the self disintegrates; before the corpse is abandoned; before the root of life is cut off, the thirsty, no longer thirsty, Those who have given up their thirst, those who have ridden their cravings, those who have been liberated from thirsty, those who have extinguished their thirst, those who have renounced their thirst, those who have renounced greed, those who have no greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have eliminated greed Those who have been freed from greed, those who have given up greed, those who have renounced greed, are not hungry, those who have been cooled, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who live as Brahman.
     "Blessed One", synonymous with respect. In addition, the "destroyed greedy person" is the world-honored; the "destroyed evildoer" is the world-honored; the "destroyed idiot" is the world-honored; the "destroyed slow" is the world-honored; the "destroyed seer" is the world-honored; "destroyed" "The Thorns" is the Blessed One; the "who has destroyed the pollutants" is the Blessed One; the "one who divides, analyzes, and distinguishes the magic weapon" is the Blessed One; "someone who ends" is the Blessed One; "the body has been practiced, the precept has been practiced, the mind has been practiced, Those who have learned wisdom" are the world deity; or "the world deity is close to the woods, wild forests, border dwellings (sitting places): quiet, quiet, away from the atmosphere, people living alone, suitable for sitting alone" The Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is a partaker of clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the sick, and medical necessities" as the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the taste of righteousness, the taste of the Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the precept, the mind, and the The wise one is the world deity; or "the world deity is the four kinds of Zen, the four immeasurables, the four colorless ones, etc." is the world deity; or "the world deity is the eighth liberation, the eight victories, the nineth dwelling place, etc. The person who divides is the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the practice of the ten wisdom [十想?], the one who is divided into the ten times, waiting for the ten times, waiting for the in and out of breath, and for the uncleanness" is the world-blessed person; or "The Blessed One is the four thoughts The one who lives, the four righteousness, the four divine feet, the five faculties, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path is the world-honored person; or "the world-honored person is the ten Tathagata, the four fearlessness, the four unobstructed solutions, the six magical powers, The divided person of the Six Enlightenment Method is the world deity. "World Honored One", this name is not given by (made) by mother; not given by father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by Samana or Brahman What is given; what is not given by heaven is ultimate liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom, that is, the Blessed One. "For [Like this Blessed One:] Before the disintegration, he was already divorced and thirsty.
"Those who do not depend on the past": The past is called the past life, the craving for the past life has been cut off, seeing has been cut off, in the state where the craving has been cut off, seeing the state of being cut off , This is not dependent on the past. In addition, "I used to have thisThe color of "I don't find happiness there [MN.132]; I have such feelings in my past lives... I have such thoughts in my past lives... I have such behaviors in my past lives... "I have such knowledge in my past lives" If you don't find (lead) joy there, you don't rely on the past. In addition, "my eyes are like that when they are past, and physicality is like that." There, consciousness is not bound by desire and greed; when consciousness is not bound by desire and greed, it does not like it; when it is not joyful, This is also not dependent on the past. "My ears are like that, and my voice is like that."... (omitted) "My nose is like that, and my smell is like that."... "My tongue is like that." Like that, the taste is like that."... "The past tense of my body is like that, and the touch is like that."... "The past tense of my mind is like that, and the law is like that. "There, consciousness is not bound by desire and greed; when consciousness is not bound by desire and greed, it is not happy with it; when it is not happy with it [MN.133], this also does not depend on the past. Or, anyone who laughed, talked, and played with women before, he did not enjoy it, did not desire it, and did not come to happiness because of it [AN.7.50], so he also does not depend on the past.
"What should not be counted in the middle": "The middle is called the present tense, the craving for the present tense has been cut off, seeing has been cut off, in a state where craving has been cut off, seeing has been cut off The state of mind should not be counted as the "infected", should not be counted as the "disgusting", should not be counted as the "ignorant", should not be counted as the "bound person", Shouldn't be counted as "the one who clings", shouldn't be counted as "coming to the chaotic", should not be counted as "coming to the undesirable", should not be counted as "coming to the fortitude" "Zhe", those deeds (artifacts) have been discarded, when the deeds (artifacts) have been discarded, they should not be counted in the interests: "hell feller" or "beast feller", Or "hungry ghost world", or "human", or "heaven", or "colorful", or "colorless", or "thinking", or "non-thinking", or "neither thinking The person is not a thoughtless person", he has no cause, no predestiny, and no factor where he will fall." It should not be counted in the middle.
     "For him that is not valued": "For him", for the Arahat; for the person who has exhausted his troubles. There are two kinds of emphasis on "valued": [because] the emphasis on eagerness and [because] the emphasis on seeing... (in omitted) this is the emphasis on eagerness... (in omitted) this is the emphasis on seeing. For him, the value of craving has been cut off, the value of seeing has been cut off, in the state where the value of craving has been cut off, and the state of paying attention to seeing has been cut off, he does not put it (work) Desire to love or see is in front and then to go, thirst for love is not for the flag, for thirsty for for pawns, for thirst for not to increase, see for flags, for prise, for see, do not increase, not to be thirsty or Seeing follow and walk, this is not taken seriously for him. In addition, "I will have this kind of color in the future life." There is no joy; there will be such feelings... there will be such thoughts... there will be such behaviors... "I will have such knowledge in the future life" There is no search for (guidance) joy, which is also not valued for him. In addition, "My eyes will be like that in the future, and colors will be like that." The heart does not hope for what has not been obtained, and because of the lack of hope of the heart, you do not like it; when you do not like it, this way It is also not taken seriously for him. "My ears are like that in the future, and my voice is like that."... "My nose is like that in the future, and the smell is like that."... "My tongue is like that in the future. , The taste is like that."... "My body will be like that in the future, and the touch will be like that."... "My mind will be like that in the future, and the Fa will be like that." The unacquired heart does not hope, because of the lack of hope of the heart, he does not like it; when he does not like it, this is also not valued for him. In addition, "I will become the heaven, or one of the heavens with this virtue, prohibition, asceticism, and Brahma. [MN.16]" The heart has no hope for the unobtained, because of the hopelessness of the heart, He doesn't like it; when he doesn't like it, this is not taken seriously by him.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[Like this Blessed One:] Before the disintegration, he was the one who was detached and thirsty, and not dependent on the past,
       was not counted in the middle, and was not valued for him. "
    85. Those who are not angry, those who are not afraid, those who do not show off, those who do not regret,
       After considering the speaker, the one who does not give up, he is indeed Mou Ni with his own words.
     "Those who are not angry, those who are not afraid": "Whoever is called "not angry",But only those anger can be said. Anger is arisen in ten forms: "He has acted against me. [AN.9.29]" Anger is aroused; "He is against my behavior. "Anger is aroused; "He will act against me. "Anger is aroused; "He has been unfavorable to my beloved and desirable behavior... unfavorable...will unfavorable. "Anger is aroused; "He has benefited (has benefit) for what I do not love, undesirable... "Anger is arisen; or anger is arisen in an unreasonable place. Any kind of anger, hostility, hatred, hostility, anger, anger, anger, aversion, anger, evil, heart aversion, anger, anger, anger, state of anger, aversion, anger, The state of anger, aggression, anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, rage, displeased heart, this is called anger.
In addition, the extreme and small amount of anger should be perceived: sometimes anger is only the degree of turbidity, but not as much as frowning and frowning; sometimes anger is just as frowning and frowning, but not as much as gritted teeth; sometimes Anger is just the degree of gritted teeth, but not as much as the verbal abuse; sometimes anger is only the level of verbal abuse, but not as much as looking around (follow the observation) [sword]; sometimes anger is just looking around in all directions The degree of anger, but not as good as the degree of the cane; sometimes the anger is only the degree of the cane, but not the degree of the cane; sometimes the anger is just the degree of the cane, but Not as good as the hit of the staff; sometimes anger is just the hit of the staff, but not enough to cut off what is done; sometimes anger is just cut off and not enough to break The degree of rupture; sometimes anger is only the degree of rupture, but not as much as every limb is pulled apart; sometimes anger is only the degree to which every limb is pulled apart, but not enough to kill; sometimes anger is just taking away The degree of life, but not as good as the degree of abandoning all over the place. When the angry person kills himself after killing others, this situation is that the anger further reaches the increase, and the further reaches the increase. "For him, those who are cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the unangered. The state of having given up on anger is regarded as not angry; the state of omniscience about anger is regarded as not angry; the state of being cut off from anger is regarded as not angry. "For those who are not angry.
"Those who are not afraid", here, one type of person is those who are afraid, those who have fear, and those who have terror. They tremble, {not?}fear, terror, fear, and fear: "I can't get home, or I can't get Group (crowd), or I can't get shelter, or I can't get profit, or I can't get reputation, or I can't get praise, or I can't get pleasure, or I can't get clothes, or I get There is no group meal, or I cannot get a bed seat, or I cannot get the patient's necessities and medical necessities, or I cannot get care, or I am unknown. He was trembling, fearful, horrified, afraid, and fearful.
Here, the Bhikkhu is the one who is not afraid, fearless, and fearless. He does not tremble, fear, fear, fear, or come to fear: "I can't get a home, or I can't get a group (people), Or I can't get shelter, or I can't get profit, or I can't get reputation, or I can't get praise, or I can't get pleasure, or I can't get clothes, or I can't get group food, Either I cannot get the bed seat, or I cannot get the patient's necessities and medical necessities, or I cannot get nursing care, or I am unknown. He does not tremble, fear, fear, fear, or come to fear. "For those who are not angry or afraid.
"Those who do not show off, those who do not regret": ""Here, one type of person is boasting and showing off. He boasts and shows off: I am a "sufficient person", or a "suppression person", or a "precept and restraint ", or "by birth, or by surname, or by good family, or by appearance and beauty like a lotus, or by property, or by research (acquisition), or by profession, or by skill, or by insight (academic ), or by what you have heard, or by arguing, or by something, or a monk from a noble family", or a monk from a large family, or a monk from a wealthy family, or a monk from a wealthy family A monk", or "Anyone who is at home or in a monk is a well-known person or a famous person", or "a person who gains from clothing, food, shelter, necessities of the patient, medical necessities", or "Teacher", or "Lawyer (law holder)", or "speaker", or "live in the woods", or "begging", or "wearing dung and sweeping clothes", or "but three clothes", or "begging for food in the second "People", or "Those who do not eat after eating", or "People who often sit [not lying]", or "People who live anywhere", or"The gainer of the first jhana", or "the gainer of the second jhana", or "the gainer of the third jhana", or "the gainer of the fourth jhana...wait until the void is boundless...wait until the knowledge is boundless ...The one who has nothing to wait until...or the one who wants to wait everywhere", he boasted and showed off. He doesn't boast or show off like this. From boasting, showing off separation, abstaining, abstaining, renunciation, renunciation, renunciation, renunciation, he lives with the heart of separation and limitation. "For those who do not show off.
"Those who do not regret", "Regret", the improper behavior of the hands (evil being uneasy) is regret, the improper behavior of the feet is also regret, the improper behavior of the hands and feet is also regret, the inappropriate is considered (considered) as appropriate, Appropriate is thought of as inappropriate, what is not time is thought of as time, what is right is thought of as not time, what is innocent is thought of as sin, what is sinful is thought of as innocent, all regret like this , The path of regret, the state of regret, the regret of the heart, the confusion of the mind, this is called regret.
     In addition, regret, heart regret, and confusion of mind arise from two factors: what is done and what is not done. How do things that have been done and things that have not been done cause regret, heart regret, and confusion of mind? "I did the evil deeds, but I didn't do the good deeds. "He has regrets, regrets in his heart, and confusion in his mind; "I did the evil deeds of speech, and I did not do the good deeds of words...I did the evil deeds, but not the good deeds. "He has regrets, regrets in his heart, and confusion of mind; "I did the killing, and I never did the killing. "He has regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of minds; "I did not give and take, and I did not give and take abstinence." "He has regrets, regrets in his heart, and confusion of minds; "I did it by me, and I never did it. "He has regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind; "I did the liar, and I never did the abstention of liar." "... "I did the parting language, and I didn't do the abstention of the parting language. "... "I did the vulgar language, and I never did the quit. "... "I did the obscene language, and I never did the abstention. "... "I did it for greed, and not for greed. "... "The malice was done by me, the innocence was not done by me. "... "The evil view was done by me, and the right view was not done by me. "He has regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind. This is what has been done and what has not been done, and regrets, regrets, and confusion of mind arise.
    Or, "I am not a full branch in the ring. "He has regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind; "I am not a guardian of the roots." "... "I am not a person who knows how to eat. "... "I am not a sober person. "... "I don't have mindfulness and right knowledge. "... "Satisfaction has not been practiced by me. "... "Sizhengqin was not studied by me. "... "The four gods have not been trained by me. "... "The five elements have not been studied by me. "... "The five powers have not been studied by me. "... "The seven enlightenment factors have not been studied by me. "... "The eight holy paths have not been practiced by me. "... "The suffering is not known to me. "... "The episode was not cut by me. "... "The Tao has not been studied by me. "... "Mie was not testified by me. He had regrets, regrets in his heart, and confusion in his mind. For him who regrets that has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who does not regret. "For those who don't show off or regret.
"The speaker after consideration, the one who does not give up": ""After consideration, it is called wisdom, which is wisdom, knowledge and understanding... (slightly) no delusion, choice of law, right view. When there are many talks; when many talks When there is a lot of explanation; when there is a lot of talk, he considers, explores, and then explores and speaks. He does not say what is said by evil, what is said by evil, what is said by evil, what is said by evil, what is said by evil "." is the speaker after consideration. "Those who do not fall away", where, what is falling away? Wherever the heart is falling away, there is no silence; the heart is scattered; the heart is confused, which is called falling away. He said that this renunciation has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who does not fall. By.
"He is indeed a Muni who has self-controlled speech": "Here, after the monk abandons the liar, he is a liar, truthful, true, reliable, trustworthy, and non-deceitful to the world. After speaking, he is a divorced speaker: after he hears from here, he does not speak there to divorce these people, or after he hears from there, he does not speak here to divorce those people, like this, he He is the mediator of division, the disseminator of harmony, the one who is willing to reconcile, the one who likes to reconcile, the one who likes to reconcile, and the speaker of reconciliation. After abandoning the rough and evil words, he is the one who leaves the rough and evil words, whoever is soft, pleasant, Lovely and tempting, Elegant, loved, and pleasant words by everyone, words like this are said by him. After cutting off the obscene language, he is the one who is free from the obscene language: he is the speaker of the right time, the speaker of the facts, the speaker of the benefit, the speaker of the law, the speaker of the law; he is the speaker of value at the right time , Reasonable, restrained, and profitable words [AN.4.198]. He has four kinds of good deeds and four kinds of no-fault words. He should have been separated from the thirty-two animal husbandry theory, has renounced, has given up, has given up, has given up, has been freed, has given up his bondage, he lives with the heart of being free and restricted.
He said ten things to talk about, namely: the theory of less desire, the theory of contentment... the theory of living alone... the theory of incommunicating... the theory of vitality... the theory of commandment... the conclusion... the theory of wisdom... the theory of liberation... the theory of liberation Wisdom view theory...mindfulness theory...right diligence theory...foot theory...root theory...force theory...enlightenment theory...dao theory...fruit theory and Nibbana theory. "Words have self-control" are cautious, cautious, guardian, protective, guardian, and perishable. "Muni", Mu Na is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (slightly) no delusion, choice of the law, right view... (slightly) he is Mou Ni after being caught in the net. "Because he is indeed Muni with his own words.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Those who are not angry, those who are not afraid, those who do not show off, those who do not regret,
       After considering the speaker, the one who does not give up, he is indeed Mou Ni with his own words. "
     86. There is no bondage in the future, he does not lament the past,
       saw the far away person on touch, but he was not guided on seeing.
     "A person who has no bounds in the future": Attachment is called craving, which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, those who have this attachment, their cravings cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, are those who are unbound in the future. In addition, "I will have such a color in my future life." Don't look for (lead) joy there; there will be such feelings... I will think... I will behave like this... Consciousness does not find happiness there, so that is also a person who is boundless in the future. In addition, "My eyes are like that in the future, and color is like that." The heart does not hope for the unobtained. Because of the lack of hope of the heart, you don't like it; when you don't like it, this It is also the unbounded author in the future. "My ears will be like that in the future, and my voice will be like that."... (omitted) "My mind will be like that in the future, and the Dhamma will be like that." , Due to the lack of hope in the heart, you don't like it; when you don't like it, this is also the one who has no bounds in the future. In addition, "I will become the heaven or one of the heavens with this virtue, prohibition, asceticism, and Brahma." I do not hope for what is not obtained, and because of the lack of hope of the heart, I do not like it; When you don't like it, this is also the one who has no bounds in the future.
"He does not lament the past": "He does not grieve what has changed, or does not sad what is changing: "My eyes have changed." He is not sad; my ears...my nose...my tongue ...My body...my color...my voice...my smell...my taste...my touch...my home...my group (congregation)...my residence... ...My gains...my reputation...my praise...my pleasure...my clothes...my feeding...my bed seat...my patient's needs and medical necessities...my Mother...my father...my brother...my sister...my son...my daughter...my friend...my colleague...my relatives..."My blood is already Change." He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not crying, not coming into confusion." He did not lament the past for him.
"Seeing those far away on touch": eye contact, ear contact, nose contact, tongue contact, body contact, intention contact, name contact, opposite contact [DN.15], a touch that should feel happy, a touch that should feel bitter , Should feel the touch of neither suffering nor happiness, good touch, unwholesome touch, non-remembering touch, desire touch, physical touch, colorless touch, empty touch, non-contact, unwilling touch, world touch, out of the world The touch, the past, the future, the present, and the state of touch, contact, complete contact, and complete contact like this is called contact.
"Seeing those who are far away on the touch": "With me, or with what I have, or with constant, or with eternity, or with constant, or with unchanging methods, he sees eye contact as far away; ... he sees ear contact For far away;...he sees nose contact as far away;...he sees tongue as far away;...he sees body as far away;...he sees mind as far away;...he sees name as far away To stay away; ... He saw that there was a confrontation to stay away; ... Should feelTo be touched by pleasure...should feel the touch of suffering...should feel the touch of neither bitter nor unhappy...good touch...bad touch...no memory touch...desire touch...material touch...uncolor Touch... He sees the touch of the world as far away as I, or what I am, or ever, or everlasting, or everlasting, or unchanging.
Or, he sees the past being touched by the future and the present; he sees the future being touched by the past and the present; he sees the present being touched by the past and the future, or, where those holy, no worries, out of the world, and Void-related touch, those who touched to greet him to see away; to anger, ignorance, anger, resentment, hide evil, domineering, jealous, miserly, hypocritical, cunning, stubborn, Passion, slowness, extreme slowness, slowness, relaxation, all pollution, all evil deeds, all afflictions, all anxiety, all enthusiasm, and all bad things do what he sees and keeps away. "For seeing those far away on touch.
"He is not guided in seeing": "For him, the sixty-two evil views have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, and he will not be carried away by seeing , Take away, carry, carry, do not return, do not return to that evil view as the core." He is not guided in order to see.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The author who is unbound in the future, he does not lament the past,
       saw the far away person on touch, but he was not guided on seeing. "
    87. Those who have quit, those who are not tricky, those who are not eager, those who are not stingy,
       Those who are not arrogant, disgusting, and those who are not keen on divorce.
"Withdrawal, non-scheming": ""Withdrawal", "The greedy and abandoned state is the withdrawn; the abusive state with the abandoned state is the withdrawn; the foolish, withdrawn state is the withdrawn ;Angry...resentful...hiding evil... bossy... envy... stingy... (slightly omitted) All unscrupulous people have been renounced as those who have quit. This was said by the Blessed One: "Monks ! How are the monks who have withdrawn? Bhikkhus! Here, the slowness of the monks' self-being has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, like a palm tree without roots, becoming a non-existent thing for the future, Bhikkhu We! Bhikkhu is a quitter like this. [AN.4.38]" is a quitter.
     "Non-trickster", there are three types of tricks: tricks with money, tricks with behavior, and tricks with peripheral language.
    What is the trickery of using resources? Here, the homeowners invite the bhikkhus with clothes, food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical necessities. He is an evil desire person, a person with a desire for nature, and a hoper. He is a person who has clothes, food, shelter, necessities of the patient, and medical necessities. Hoping for more and rejecting clothes, refusal to give food, refusal to shelter, refusal of patients' necessities and medical necessities, he said: "What does high-value clothes have for Samana!" Fan Samana should wear a coat after choosing rags from the mound room or garbage dump or in front of the shop. What does it mean to Samana with high-value feeding! Fan Samana should survive by picking up ears and picking up ears. This is appropriate. What is there for Samana with high-value accommodation! Where Samana should be those who live under the trees or between the mounds or live in the open, this is appropriate. What is it for Samana with high-value patient needs and medical necessities! Van Samana should be medicine with fermented cow urine or crushed halil, which is appropriate. After grasping that, he wears coarse clothes; receives coarse food; lives in coarse dwellings; uses coarse patients' necessities and medical necessities. The homeowners knew him this way: "This Shaman is a person with little desire, a contented person, a lonely person, a person who is away from the masses, a person whose vitality has been activated, and a talker. "They used more and more invitations with clothes, food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical necessities." He said: "The three current states have faithful men who produce a lot of merit: the current state of faith has faithful men. The current state of producing a lot of merit and charity has a believing man who produces a lot of merit, and the current state of a person worthy of support has a believing man who produces a lot of merit. You are the believer, and the charity exists (discovered), and I am the receiver. If I don't accept it, then you will become outsiders of merit. This is not necessary for me, but just for pity. You, I accept. After clinging to that, he accepts many clothes, many foods [and many residences], and many patients' necessities and medical necessities. The frown of anyone who frowns like this; the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is a tricky thing that can be used.
    What is the trickery of behavior? Here, there are certain types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: "So, peopleWill respect me. "He placed to walk, placed to stand, placed to sit, placed to lie down, walked for desire, stood for desire, sat down for desire, lay down for desire, walked like a person in concentration, as in concentration He stands, sits down like a meditation person, lies down like a meditation person, and becomes visible as a meditator. The placement, strengthening, and complete placement of behaviors like this; the frown of the frowning person; the path of trickery and the state of trickery, this is the trickery of deportment.
     What is the trickery of peripheral verbal tricks? Here, there are certain types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: "In this way, people will respect me. He spoke according to the Holy Law, and he said: "Whoever dresses like this is a powerful Samana." "He said: "Anyone who holds a bowl like this...holds a copper bowl...holds a water filter...holds a water filter bag...holds a key...wears shoes...wears a belt...tie...he is great power Sand gate. "He said: "Whoever his monk is like this, he is a powerful Samana." He said: "Whoever his teacher is like this... the monk is like this... the teacher is the same... the friend... the acquaintance... the close person... the companion... he is a powerful Samana. "He said, "Everyone who lives in a residence like this is a powerful Samana." "He said: "Anyone who lives in a half-roof house like this... lives in a high-rise... lives in a flat house... lives in a cave... lives in a cave... lives in a hut (solitary mansion)... lives in heavy Pavilion... Living in the observation deck... Living in a round house... Living in a shed... Living in a lecture hall... Living in a tent... Living under a tree... He is the powerful sand gate. "
Or, those who keep frowning; those who keep frowning; those who keep tricking; those who keep nagging; those who are respected because of their mouths, he said that they are as deep, secret, subtle, secret, out-of-the-world, and Sora related talk: "This Samana gets this quiet residence like this and waits. The frown of anyone who frowns like this; the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is the trickery of the surrounding language. For him these three kinds of tricks: tricks with money and tricks, tricks with behavior, tricks with peripheral language have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and The Wisdom Burner, he is called the Untrick. "For those who have withdrawn and are not tricky."
"Those who do not hope, those who are not stingy": ""Hope is called thirst, it is greed, greed... (slightly) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, this eagerness and thirst have been cut off , Cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who is not eager, the colors he does not eagerly... all sounds... all smells... all tastes... all touches [...Dhamma]...home...group (congregation)...dwelling...profit...famous...praise...happy...clothing...food...housing...patient's necessities and medical necessities... Desire Realm... Physical Realm... Colorless Realm... Desire to have... Color to have... Colorless to have... Want to have... No wish to have... Not to want to have... One aggregate to have... Four aggregates to have... …The five aggregates have… the past… the future… the present… what they see… what they hear… what they feel… he doesn't desire, want, accept, hope, or desire all the dhammas that can be understood." For those who are not eager. "Those who are not stingy", there are five kinds of stinginess: [Yes] stinginess of dwelling, stinginess of family, stinginess of gain, stinginess of praise, stinginess of law, everything like this stingy, stingy appearance, stingy state , Greedy, stingy, stingy, stingy, and the state of clenched heart, this is called stingy. In addition, accumulation of stingy is also stingy; world stingy is also stingy; being stingy is also the obstinacy of stingy, this is called stingy. For him this is this. The one who has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who is not stingy." He is the one who is not eager, and the one who does not.
"Those who are not arrogant, those who do not hate": ""Arrogance", there are three kinds of arrogance: body arrogance, speech arrogance, heart arrogance. What is physical arrogance? Here, a certain type of people come to the Sangha to show their bodies Arrogance, showing the arrogance of the body when coming to the group, showing the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria, showing the arrogance of the body in the bathroom, showing the arrogance of the body in the bath, and showing the body when entering the home The arrogance of the body has shown the arrogance of the body when he has entered the [vulgar] home.
     How does it come to show the arrogance of the body in the Sangha? Here, a certain type of people who come to the Sangha are not respecters. When they touch the elder monks, they stand, and when they touch them, they sit down, stand in front of the [elder monks], sit down in the front, and sit in high seats. Sitting down, sitting down with his head covered, he stood and talked, waving his arms to talk, so that he came to the Sangha to show his prideslow.
     How is the arrogance of coming to the group to show the body? Here, a certain type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. To the elder monks who walk without shoes, he walks in shoes, to those who walk in low places, he walks in high places, and to those who walk in the ground, he walks in high places. He walked through the passage, stood when touched, sat down when touched, stood in front, sat down in front, sat down on the high seat, sat down with his head wrapped, he stood and talked, Speaking with waving arms, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the group.
    How is it to show the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria? Here, a certain type of person is not respectable in the cafeteria. He invades the elder bhikkhus and then sits down, blocking the new bhikkhus with his seat, standing when touching, and sitting down when touching, standing in front, in front Sitting down, sitting down in the high seat, sitting down with his head covered, he stood and talked, waving his arms to talk, so that he showed the arrogance of his body in the cafeteria.
    How to show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom? Here, a certain type of person is not a respecter in the bathroom. When he touches the elder monks, he stands, when he touches, he sits, stands in the front, sits in the front, and sits in the high seat. After not asking Putting the firewood, closing the door without being asked, waving his arms and talking, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom.
    How is the arrogance of the body shown in the bath? Here, a certain type of person is not respectable in the bathing place. When he touches the elder monks, he jumps in, jumps in front, when touched, he bathes, bathes in front, bathes above, when touched, he goes from Out of the water, out of the water in the front, out of the water above, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the bath.
     How is it to show the arrogance of the body when entering the [vulgar] home? Here, a certain type of person is not a respecter when entering the [vulgar] home. When he touches the elder monks, he walks, walks in front, and walks from the front of the elder monks [transcends] repeatedly after leaving the right path. Show bodily arrogance when entering the [vulgar] home.
     How is the arrogance of showing the body when you have entered the [vulgar] home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered the [vulgar] home, they are "Great Virtue!" Please do not [want to] enter" when he is said to enter, as "Great Virtue!" Please don't [want to] stand." He stood when he was said to be "Da Virt! Please don't [to] sit down." When being said, he sits down, he enters when there is no space, he stands when there is no space, and he sits down when there is no space, where the inner room of the [vulgar] family is hidden and secret : The lay woman, the lay woman, the lay wife, and the lay girl sit down, where he enters roughly, and he touches the boy's head. This shows the arrogance of the body when he enters the [vulgar] home. This is showing the arrogance of the body.
    What is the arrogance of showing words? Here, a certain type of people show verbal arrogance when they come to the sangha, show verbal arrogance when they come to the group, and show verbal arrogance when they have entered the [vulgar] family.
     How does it come to show the arrogance of words in the Sangha? Here, a certain type of people come to the Sangha without being respected. After asking the elder monks, or without being asked to speak to the monks who entered the monastery, answering questions, and reciting the Parati Mucha, he stands. Speaking, waving your arms to speak, this is the arrogance of coming to the Sangha.
     How does it come to show the arrogance of words in a group? Here, a certain type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. After asking the elder monks, or without being asked to speak to and answer questions to the monks entering the monastery's garden, he stands and speaks, waving his arms and speaking to the monks. The bhikkhunis, Upasai, and Upayi of the garden speak and answer questions. He stands and speaks, waving his arms to speak. This is to show the arrogance of speech in the group.
     How is it to show the arrogance of speech when you have entered the [vulgar] home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered [vulgar] homes, they say to women or girls: "What is the name of this person and the last name: Is there milk porridge, food, and hard food?" What shall we drink? What shall we eat? What will we chew? Or something: what will you do to me? "He muttered. Anyone who is in such a state of speech, unhelpful words, muttering, verbosity, polyphony, and verbosity, is the arrogance of speech when he has entered the layman. This is the arrogance of words.
    What is the arrogance of the heart? Here, a certain type of people who are not from a noble family has a slow person who sets themselves (seeing) together with a noble monk, and a person who is not a monk from a large family family sets (sees) himself and a large family family with his heart. Those who do not become a monk are equal, those who do not become a monk from a wealthy family are equated with those who are slow, and those who do not become a monk from a wealthy family are equated with those who are not monks. The slow person considers himself and the sutra teacher to be equal with his heart, and the slow person who does not hold the law...There are slow people who don't say...the people who don't live in the woods...the people who are very begging for food are the people who are slow...the people who don't wear dung sweeping clothes are the people who are slow. Slow people...Slow people who don't eat after eating. There are slow people who are very sitting [not lying]...Slow people who don't live anywhere...Slow people who don't get the first meditation have their minds (see) Oneself is the same as those who get the first Zen... (omitted) Those who get the non-imaginary, non-imaginative and waiting for the slow person are the same as those who get the non-imaginative, non-imaginative and waiting for the time. This is the arrogance of the heart. "For him, those three kinds of arrogance are cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the non-arrogant. "For those who are not arrogant.
     "Those who do not hate", there are those who hate, and there are those who do not. What is a disgusting person? Here, a certain type of people are those who break the precepts, those who are wicked, those who are impure and suspicion, those who behave secretly, those who are not Samana but call themselves Samana, who are not Brahmans but call themselves Brahmins, those who leak from internal decay, those who have bad personalities [ AN.7.72], this is called a disgusting person. Or, he is easily angry and conquered by anger. When spoken a little bit, he is angry, angry, aggrieved, rebellious, showing anger, aversion, and dissatisfaction [AN.3.25]. This is called a disgusting person. Or, he is an anger-prone person, a resentful person, a villainous person, a bossy person, a jealous person, a stingy person, a cunning person, a hypocrite, a stubborn person, an extremely slow person, an evil desire person, a wrong view person, It is a stubborn person, a stubborn person, and a person who cannot give up [AN.6.36]. This is called a disgusting person.
     What is a person who does not hate? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is protected by the self-control of the Borodhi Mucha. He has sufficient righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the terrible in minor sins and learns [AN.2.37] after being upheld at the school. This is called For those who don't hate. Or, he is a person who is not easy to get angry, and is always free of irritation. When he is talked more often, he will not be upset, angry, agitated, resist, and show no resentment, aversion and dissatisfaction [MN.135]. Called a person who does not hate. Or, he is not easy to anger, not resentful, not hides evil, not overbearing, not jealous, not stingy, not cunning, not hypocritical, not rigid, not extremely slow Those who do not have evil desires, those who do not have evil views, those who are not stubborn, those who are not stubborn, and those who are easy to abandon are called those who do not hate. All ignorant ordinary people are disgusting, and virtuous ordinary people, including the eight saints, are not disgusting. "For those who are not arrogant or disgusting.
"And those who are not keen on divorced speech": ""Divorced speech", here, a certain type of person is a divorced speaker. After he hears it from here, he speaks there in order to divorce these people, or after he hears from there, In order to divorce those people, I say here that, like this, he is the destroyer of harmony, the spreader of division, the disagreeable, the disagreeable, the disagreeable, the speaker of disagreement, this is called For the divorced.
     In addition, there are two reasons for divorce: to be cute by desire, or by desire for division. How to produce divorce from desire to be cute? "For this, I will be lovely, I will be desirable, I will be close, I will be a close friend, I will be kind. "In this way, a divorce arises from desire to be cute. How to produce divorce with the desire for division? "How will these become various, will become separation, will become division, will become two kinds, will become contradictions, will become two factions, will break down, will not make reunion, make living in suffering and uneasy. "This is the desire for division to produce divorce. For him who is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is not enthusiastic, unyoke, and yoke not strong. Those [, those who are not fully yoke, those who do not face the yoke], those who are not completely yoke. "For and not keen on divorce.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Those who have quit, those who are not tricky, those who are not eager, those who are not stingy,
       Those who are not arrogant, disgusting, and those who are not keen on divorce. "
    88. Those who have no leakage on the satisfaction, and those who are not enthusiastic on the extremely slow,
       The soft and the eloquent, the unbeliever, he will not be tainted.
"Satisfying people without leakage": "Satisfactory ones are called the five desires. For what reasons are the satisfying ones called the five desires? Most people want, accept, The five desires of hope, enthusiasm, and desire are called the five desires for that reason. The satisfying desire for him who has not given up will flow out due to the color of his eyes. , Production (Thailand version), flow, transfer; The craving due to the sound of the ear... the craving due to the smell of the nose... the craving due to the taste of the tongue... the craving due to the touch of the body... the craving due to the law of mind flows, produces, and flows , Turn up. For him who this satisfying craving is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, his craving due to the color of his eyes does not flow out, do not produce, and does not Flowing, not turning; the thirst due to the sound of the ear...(slightly omitted) The craving due to the law of mind does not flow, not produce, flow, or turn. "For those who are satisfied with no leakage.
"And those who are not enthusiastic about extreme slowness": "What is extreme slowness? Here, a certain type of person is born, or by surname... (omitted) or scorn others with something like this. The thought of the situation, the high, the lofty, the flag, the high, the vanity of the heart, this is called the extremely slow. For him this extremely slow is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, Those who are burned by the fire of wisdom are those who are not enthusiastic, those who are not yoke, those who are not strong [, those who are not fully yoke, those who do not face the yoke], and those who are not completely toward the yoke." And those who are not keen on extremely slow.
"The soft and the eloquent": ""The soft", "with soft body kamma" is soft, soft language... "with soft mental kamma" is soft, "with soft mindfulness" "For the soft, the soft Zhengqin... the soft gods' feet... the soft roots... the soft powers..." the soft sensations are the soft ones, "with the soft eight branches "Is the soft one.
     "With the talented person", there are three kinds of talented person: the learned person, the questioned person, and the proven person. What is a learned debater? Here, a certain type of people are originally learners: Shudara, Zhiye, Jishuo, Gada, Udana, Ritual, Jataka, No Dhamma, Vapora, and they were defended after relying on his learning. It is a learned debater. What is a repetitive debater? Here, a certain type of person is a questioner in terms of his own interests, righteous interests, characteristics, reasons, possibility and impossibility (disposal), and he is replied after repeated questioning. This is repeated questioning. Debater. What is a proven debater? Here, a certain type of person is the attainer of the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four spiritual feet, the five senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, the eight holy ways, the four sammon fruits, the four debates, and the six magic powers. Those who have known the reason, the known method, and the known word are the ones who are defended in the known reason, the law is defended in the known law, and the word is defended in the known word. There is no question about these three kinds of wisdom. Obstructing the wisdom, reaching (possesses), fully reaching (possessing), entering, fully entering, possessing, fully possessing, possessing this argument does not hinder the understanding of wisdom, he is called the person with argumentative ability. If he hasn't learned, questioned, and proved, what will he answer? "For the soft and talented.
"The unbeliever, he will not be tainted": "The unbeliever," who has been personally proven by himself, the Dhamma of self-representation does not believe in any other Shaman, or Brahman, or heaven, or man, or Brahma: "All actions are impermanent "I've proved it by myself... (slightly omitted) "All actions are suffering"... "All Dhamma is selfless"... "Act is based on ignorance"... (Omitted) "Being based on life Old death"..."Death by ignorance leads to demise"...(slightly omitted) "Birth and death lead to death and death"... "This is suffering"... These are defilements"... (slightly omitted) "This is the path leading to defilements"... "These laws should be proven to be known"... (omitted) "These laws should be witnessed" by themselves... (omitted) VI The gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, detachment of the touch... the gathering of the five aggregates... (omitted) the four major gatherings, disappearance, pleasure, trouble, detachment are justified by oneself Knowing... (omitted) "Any collection of dhammas is extinguishing dhamma." The dhamma that is self-proven and self-proven does not believe in any other Shaman, or Brahman, or heaven, or man, or Brahma.
This was said by the Blessed One [SN.48.44]: "Sariputra! You have [this] faith: when the root of faith has been practiced and more practiced, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore, an end of immortality; when the root of vitality ...Being the root of mind...when the root of concentration...when Huigen practices and practice more, is there an immortal foothold, an immortal shore, and an end of immortality?"
"Great Virtue! Here, I do not believe in the Blessed One: when the root of faith... when the root of vitality... when the root of mind... when the root of concentration... when the root of wisdom has been practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold The place, the other side of the immortality, the end of the immortality, great virtue! If this is not known, not seen, not discovered, not testified, not touched by wisdom, there, They will come to other people with faith: when the root of faith has been practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore, and an end of immortality; when the root of vitality...the root of thought...the root of determination... …When Hui Gen has practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal other side, and an immortal end; but, great virtue! Those who have been known, seen, discovered, testified, and touched with wisdom, where they are confident and undoubted: be the root of faith...the root of vitality...the root of mindfulness... …When the roots are fixed...When the wisdom root has been practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal other side, and an end of immortality. Dade! For me, this has been known, has been seen, has been discovered, has been testified, has been touched with wisdom, where I am confident and undoubted: when the root of faith... when the root of vitality... Niangen... When the root of concentration... When Huigen has already practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore, and an end of immortality. "
"Okay! Okay! Sariputra! Sariputra! If this is not known, unseen, undiscovered, untested, untouched by wisdom, there, they will come to others with faith: When the root of faith... (slightly omitted) When the root of wisdom has already practiced and practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore, and an end of immortality."
     "The unbelievers and those who are not known, and those who have cut off reincarnation,
       The person who destroys the opportunity and the person who has vomited, he is indeed the best person. "[Dhp. 97]
"Unbelievers, he will not be tainted": "All ignorant ordinary people are tainted, good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of learned, they are tainted, and the Arahat is neither tainted nor lied to be tainted: he who is detached from the tainted is greedy The extinction of the person becomes the state of freedom from greed; the extinction of anger becomes the state of freedom from anger; the extinction of delusion becomes the state of freedom from delusion, he is the person who has fallen into the state, has practiced the behavior... (omitted) the cycle of life and death, Without his rebirth." As an unbeliever, he is always infected.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Those who have no leakage on the satisfaction, and those who are not enthusiastic on the extremely slow,
       The soft and the eloquent, the unbeliever, he will not be tainted. "
    89. Learning to gain, and getting angry when there is no gain,
       is not eager to love the hostile, and not greedy in taste.
"Learning for gain, and getting angry when you are not gaining": "How to learn for gaining? Bhikkhus! Here, the bhikkhu sees that the bhikkhu is a gainer of clothes, food, shelter, necessities for patients, and medical necessities. Thinking like this: "What does this venerable person use as a gainer of clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, and medical necessities?" He thought this way: "This venerable person is a sutra teacher, because then this venerable person is The gainer of clothing, food, shelter, the necessities of the patient, and the necessities of medicine." Gain is the cause, the condition is the condition, and the reason is the gain, for the occurrence of gain, so that the gain is familiar with him. Learn.
Or, when the monk sees that the monk is the gainer of clothes, food, shelter, the patient's needs, and medical necessities, he thinks like this: "What is this Venerable's clothing, food, shelter, patient's needs, and medical necessities for gains? Who? He thought this way: "This Venerable is a lawyer... (abbreviated) Speaker... Abhidhamma, because then this Venerable is a gainer of clothes, food, shelter, patients' needs, and medical necessities. Gain is the cause, benefit is the predestined, benefit is the reason, for the arising of gain, so that gain is familiar with him and learns Abhidhamma. This is also to learn for gain.
Or, when the monk sees that the monk is the gainer of clothes, food, shelter, the necessities of the patient, and medical necessities, he thinks like this: "What is this monk for the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, necessities of the patient, and medical necessities? Who? "He thought like this: "This venerable person is a man who lives in the woods... a frequent beggar... a man who wears a dung sweeper... but a person in three clothes... a second beggar... a person who does not eat after eating... often sits [No Lying]...the one who lives anywhere, because then this venerable person is the gainer of clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the patient, and the necessities of medicine. Profit is the cause, profit is the predestined, profit is the reason, for the rise of profit, so that profit is familiar to him. He is a person who lives in the woods... (omitted) a person who lives everywhere, this is also to learn from profit.
    How to learn without gain? "Monks! Here, the bhikkhus have the cause of gain, the condition of the gain, the reason of the gain, the arising of the gain, the ripening of the gain, only for the purpose of self-regulation (benefits), the purpose of their own silence, so that they can achieve The purpose of Nibbana is that he learns the scriptures, he learns the law, and he learns the Abhidhamma. This is to learn without gain.
    Or, bhikkhus have a cause for gain, a cause for gain, a reason for gain, not for the arising of gain, and for not making gains to become familiar, only for the sake of less desire, contentment, reduction, and living alone, Because of this state, I become a wild beggar...become a beggar...become a fecal sweeper...become a but three-clothed...become a second beggar...become a non-eater after eating...become a regular sitting [Not lying] Those who...become those who live everywhere, so that learning is obligatory to gain. "Learning for obligatory gain.
     "And to get angry when there is no gain", how is it to get angry when there is no gain? Here, a certain type of people [think]: "I can't get a home, or I can't get a group (people), or I can't get a place to live, or I can't get profit, or I can't get fame, or I get I can't get praise, or I can't get pleasure, or I can't get clothes, or I can't get group food, or I can't get bed seats, or I can't get the patient's needs and medical necessities, or I get I can't be taken care of, or I'm not known. He was angry, rejected, stubborn (resisting), showing anger, aversion, and dissatisfaction. This is to get angry when there is no profit.
    How to not get angry when you are not profitable? Here, Bhikkhu [thinks]: "I can't get a home, or I can't get a group... (omitted) I am the one who has not been known. He is not angry, rejects, stubborn (resistance), does not show anger, aversion, or dissatisfaction. This is to not get angry when you are unprofitable. "Learning for non-profit, and getting angry when there is no profit.
"Don't love the hostile with thirst, and don't follow the greed in the taste": "'Hold hostile", the mortal heart's anger, hostility, disgust, hostility, anger, anger, anger, aversion, anger, evil, heart The state of aggression, anger, anger, anger, anger, state of anger, anger, anger, state of anger, anger, anger, hostility, hostility, cruel anger, anger, displeased heart, This is called hostility. For him who this anger is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called an unhostile person. "Thirst for love", The craving for color, the craving for sound, the craving for smell, the craving for taste, the craving for touch, the craving for Dhamma. "Taste (taste)", there are root, branch, skin, leaf Taste, floral, fruity, sour, sweet, bitter, spicy, salty, alkaline, sour, astringent, pleasant, unpleasant, cool, and hot. Some Samana and Brahman are taste-seekers. They roam around with their tongues looking for the best taste. After they get the sour taste, they ask for no sourness, after they get the sour taste, they ask for sourness; after they get the sweetness, they ask for no sweetness, and after they get the sweetness, they ask for sweetness. After getting bitterness, ask for no bitterness, ask for bitterness after getting no bitterness; ask for no spicy after getting spicy, ask for spicy after getting no spicy; ask for no salty after getting salty, and ask for no salty after getting salty Salty taste; after getting the alkaline taste, look for the alkali-free taste, look for the alkaline taste after the alkali-free taste; look for the astringency after the sour taste, look for the sour taste after the astringency; look for the unpleasant taste after the pleasant taste, and get the unpleasant taste They ask for pleasant taste afterwards; those who get cold and ask for heat, and those who get hot after getting cold. They always ask for unsatisfactory after getting them, and they are greedy, greedy, and bound to the desired taste. , Fascinated, tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed, whoever this taste for him is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, He ate food after inspecting it logically: "Neither for pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for a good figure, not for dignity, but for the survival and survival of this body, to stop the harm, and to support the Brahma. In this way, I will Repel the previous feelings, do not arouse new feelings, be healthy, no fault, and live in peace."
For example, if he applies oil to the sore, it is only for the purpose of growing [meat], or if he applies oil to the axle, only for the purpose of cargo transportation, or if he eats his son's meat only for the desert The degree of offense. In the same way, the bhikkhu ate food after inspection: "Neither for pleasure... (omitted) to live in peace. The thirsty love of taste, he renounced, driven away, ended, and made it cease to exist. He should have been separated from taste and thirst, has renounced, has renounced, has renounced, has renounced, has been liberated, has renounced bondage, he lives with the heart of separation and limitation. "For those who don't want to be hostile, don't follow greed in taste.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Learning to gain, and getting angry when there is no gain,
       is not eager to love the hostile, and not greedy in taste. "
    90. The calm person is always mindful, and he doesn't think about the same in the world,
       non-excellent non-inferior, for him there is no increase.
     "The calmer is always mindful"": "The calm one" has the six branches of calm: after seeing the color with the eyes, he is neither happy nor sad but living in peace, with mindfulness and righteous knowledge; after hearing the sound with ears... (omitted) after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness , Neither happy nor sad, but live in peace, mindfulness and righteous knowledge [DN.33 six permanent residence]. After seeing the agreeable color, he does not desire, dislike, and does not cause greed to occur. His body is already established, his mind is already established, he is built up and freed by kindness, and he is undesirable by seeing After the color, he does not become discouraged, unrestrained mind, unintentional sorrow, unintentional malice, his body is already abided, his mind is abided, and he is built up and freed by kindness . After hearing the sound with ears...after smelling the smell with the nose...after tasting the smell with the tongue...touching the touch with the body...after knowing the method of consensuality with consciousness, no greed, dislike, and no greed are produced, his The body is abiding, the mind is abiding, being built up and freed by virtue, and after knowing the unsatisfactory law with consciousness, it will not become discouraged, abiding mind, or unintentional. Sad, unintentional malice, his body is already abiding, his mind is abiding, and he is built up and liberated by kindness.
After seeing the color with his eyes, both the body and the mind are established and freed by the body and the mind in both the agreeable and undesirable colors; after hearing the sound with the ear... ) After knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, he is inhabited by the body and inhabited by the mind in both the agreeable and undesirable methods, and he is established and liberated by goodness within himself [SN.46.6].
After seeing the color with eyes, don't get drunk on those who can be infected, don't be angry on those who can be angry, don't be foolish on those who can become stupid, don't get angry on those who can be angry, and don't get drunk on those who can get drunk , Don't contaminate what will be contaminated; after listening to the sound with your ears... (omitted) after knowing the Fa with your consciousness, you will not be contaminated when you are contaminated, not angry when you are angry, and not angry when you become foolish Be stupid, don't get angry when you get angry, don't get drunk when you get drunk, and don't pollute when you pollute. There is only so much in what you see; there is only so much in what you hear; there is only so much in what you know; there is only so much in what you know [SN.35.95], in what you see Not contaminated; not contaminated by what you hear; not contaminated by what you are aware of; not contaminated by what you know, and who is unsatisfied, [virtue] without loss, not dependent, and not bound by what you know . Freed from the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted; in terms of what he hears... (omitted) in terms of what he knows, he is the one without attachment, the one who does not lose, the one who does not depend on, and the one who is not bound. Freed from the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free and restricted.
Arahats have (existing) eyes, Arahats have eyes to see color, Arahats have no desires, and Arahats have good heart and liberation; Arahats have ears, Arahats use ears to listen to sounds, Arahats have no desires, and Arahats have good heart and liberation; Arahats have noses, and Arahats hear by nose Smell, arhats have no desire to greed, arhats have good heart and liberation; arhats have tongues, arhats taste tastes with their tongues... (slightly omitted) arhats have bodies, arhats touch with their bodies...arhats have intentions, arhats know Dhamma with consciousness, and arhats have no desire to be greedy , The Arahat is kind and free [SN.35.232].
Eyes are joyful in form, joy in form, joy in form, the Arahat has been tuned, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught how to control it; ears are joyous in sound... (omitted) The nose rejoices in the smell...The tongue rejoices in the taste, joy in the taste, joy in the taste. The Arahat has been tuned, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it, and the body is in place. Rejoicing in touch... (slightly omitted) means to rejoice in the Dhamma, to be happy in the Dhamma, to be happy in the Dhamma, the Arahat has been transferred, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it [MN. 75].
     "They guided the [Dragon Elephant] that had been adjusted to the assembly, and the king boarded the adjusted,
       The man who has been tuned is the most victor among the people, whoever insults him is bearable.
       The donkey horse that has been tuned is exceptional, and the trustworthy product is the steed.
       and Kunjara (elephant) are big dragon elephants, and self-regulators are even better.
       does not ride in these cars, can go to the unreached direction,
       is good at self-adjusting, and the person who adjusts the governor comes to him. [Dhp. 321-323]
       They are unshakable in all kinds of slowness, becoming liberated and reborn,
       has reached the adjusted imperial position, they are the victors in the world. [SN.22.76]
       Those who have cultivated their roots, inside and outside themselves: in the world,
       pierce this and other worlds, when he is waiting for death: he is the one who has been transferred. "[Sn.3.6, 521 verse]
     "The calmer is always [conscientious]": "["Always",] always; everything; all the time; always; eternal time... (omitted) old age. "mindful", mindful in four ways: when practicing on the body When the body is mindful, it is mindful, when it is received...on the mind...When you practice mindfulness and mindfulness in the Dhamma, it is mindful... (omitted) He is called mindful." The calm is always mindful.
     "I don't think about the same in the world": "Not by birth, or by surname... (Omitted) or something that slows the production of "I am the same"."
"Non-superior and non-inferior": "Not by birth, or by surname... (Omitted) or something to make "I am the winner" very slow. Not by birth, or by surname... (Omitted) ) Or use something to cause the humbleness of "I am the inferior"." It is non-excellent and non-inferior.
"For him there is no increase in prosperity": ""For him", for the Arahat; for those who have exhausted troubles. "Increase in prosperity", there are seven types of prosperity: greed and aggression , Ignorance, slow increase, see increase, pollution increase, industry increase, for him these increases do not exist, do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, have been cut off, cut off, To be calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." Because there is no prosperity for him.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The peaceful person is always mindful, and he doesn't think about the same in the world,
       non-excellent non-inferior, for him there is no increase. "
    91. There is no state of dependence for him: after he knows the law, he becomes a non-dependant person,
       is for being or not, and for him, eagerness is not found.
"There is no state of dependence for him": ""For him", for the Arahat, those who have exhausted their troubles. "Dependence", there are two kinds of dependence: dependence of craving and dependence of seeing... (Omitted) This is the dependence of craving... (Omitted) This is the dependence of seeing. For him, the dependence of thirst has been cut off, the dependence of seeing has been cut off, with the dependence of thirst The state in which the cessation has been cut off, the state of seeing the attachment has been cut off, for him the state of dependence is not, does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, cut off, Being calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." For him there is no state of dependence.
"After knowing the Dhamma and becoming non-observant": ""After knowing", after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring , After judgment, after separation, after clarification; "All actions are suffering"... "All Dhamma is without self"... (Omitted) "Any collection of Dhamma is extinction" After knowing, understanding, and weighing, After judgment, separation, and clarification. There are two kinds of dependence for "non-dependant": the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing... (omitted) this is the dependence of craving... (omitted) this It is the refusal to see. After the refusal to cut off the thirst for love; the refusal to obey the eyes after the refusal to see; the ears; the nose; the tongue; the body; the body Consciousness; colors...sounds...scents...smells...touches...homes...groups (people)...dwellings...(omitted) what you see, hear, feel, and be aware Those who know the dhammas are not adhered to, those who do not stick, those who do not fall into, those who do not cling, those who do not turn their minds toward (victory). Those who have left, have left, have been liberated, have been separated from bondage, they are limited by separation To live with your heart." To become non-compliant after knowing the Fa.
"To be or to not, for him thirst is not found": "'Thirst for love', thirst for color, thirst for sound, thirst for smell, thirst for taste, thirst for touch The thirsty love of Dhamma. "For him", for the Arahat, for those who have exhausted their worries. "For existence", for existence, for existence, for existence, for existence. For existence, for existence. To Chang Heng, "to nothingness", to see to death. "To existence", to repeated existence, repeated interest, repeated rebirth, repeated rebirth, repeated individual emergence. For him to love him or not, Does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, halted, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." For being or nothing, it is not for him to love it be found.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "For him there is no state of dependence: after he knows the Dhamma, he becomes non-dependant,
       is for being or not, and for him, eagerness is not found. "
    92. I said "He is the Silent": the one who has no expectation in desire,
      His various knots were not discovered, he lived in love.
     "I say he is "the silent one"": "The silent one is the silent one, the cooler, and the resting one. I say him, I tell him, I talk about him, I explain him,I speak to him. "For me, he is the "Silent One".
"Those who have no expectation in desire": "Desire", from praising there are two desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... (omitted) these are called The desire to pollute. After being omniscience in the desire for things, after giving up, after abandoning, after being driven away, after the end, after making it non-existent, when the desire for things is not expected, it becomes already Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires, Desires Eliminate greed, those who have been freed from greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who are not hungry, those who have cooled, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who live as Brahman." For those who have no expectations in their desires.
"His knots are not discovered": "Bindings", there are four types of bindings: greedy body knots, malicious body knots, abstinence body knots, [only] this is true persistence The body is tied [SN.45.175]. The greed of one's own view is tied to the body of greed, and the anger and dissatisfaction of others is the tied to the body of malice. [The body binding of the holding (Ni.13,147 verse)] is [only] this is the real binding of the body. "His", the Arahat's, the one whose troubles are exhausted. "His ties are not discovered": "For him, the ties are not, non-existent, unknown, undiscovered, they have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, and cannot arise. , Burned by the fire of wisdom." Because his knots were not discovered.
     "He has been in love": Loving is called thirst, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean to be loving? The "spread" is for love; the "broad" is for love; the "broad" is for love; the "incorrect" is for love; "it forces" is for love; "it seizes" is for love; "Fraud" is love; "poisonous root" is love; "poisonous fruit" is love; "poison is used" is love; or, "the vast thirst for love: in color... in sound... ...In the smell...in the taste...in the touch...in the home...in the masses...in the dwelling...(slightly) in the dhammas that can be seen, heard, felt, and knowable "The enlarged attachment" is love. "He has been in love": "This loving thirsty loves him to pass, surpass, pass, pass, overcome." Passing love for him.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "I said, "He is the Silent One": One who has no expectations in desire,
      His various knots were not discovered, he lived in love. "
    93. His son, livestock, fields and homes were not found,
       Even if it has been obtained or rejected, it is not found in him.
     "His sons, livestock, land and homesteads will not be discovered": "No" is negative. "His", the Arahat's, the one whose troubles are exhausted. "Sons", there are four kinds of sons: sons born to himself, sons born in the field, sons of adopted sons, and sons of apprentices. "Livestock", goat and sheep, chicken and pig, elephant, cow, horse, mule and horse. "Fields" include japonica rice fields, rice fields, mung bean fields, bean fields, large wheat fields, wheat fields, and sesame fields. "Homestead" refers to residential homes, warehouse front courtyard homes, backyard homes, garden homes, and residential homes. "His son, livestock, land and homestead are not discovered": "His son's attachments (take all over), or livestock attachments, or land attachments, or homestead attachments, they do not exist, do not exist, and are not known, Undiscovered, cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." For his son, livestock, the land and homestead were not found.
"Even if what has been obtained or rejected, he has not been found": "The "got" is for me to see; the "rejected" is a judgment, he has not been held by the "got"; "Rejected" should be liberated, and those who are not grasped are not those that should be liberated; those who are not supposed to be liberated are not those that are grasped, the Arahat is the one who has passed the grip and release, and the growth And the degenerate, he is the one who has fallen into the state, the one who has practiced... (omitted) the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth." Even if he has obtained or rejected, he has not been found.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "His sons, livestock, fields and homes were not found,
       Even if it has been obtained or rejected, it is not found in him. "
    94. Ordinary people, Samana, Brahmins, how can you say the other,
       is not taken seriously for him, so he does not waver about what is said.
     "Ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins,What can you say about others": ""Ordinary people", "They make a lot of pollution born." are ordinary people; "Many people who have not been removed (killed) in the sight" are ordinary people; "People who see many masters' faces" are ordinary people; "Those who have not come out of many and all interesting places" are ordinary people; "They make many kinds of contrivance." They are ordinary people; "They are washed away by many kinds of violent currents." They are ordinary people; "They are annoyed by many kinds of torture." Ordinary people; "They are burned up by many kinds of heat and irritation." As ordinary people; people who are greedy, craving, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in many five desires "It is an ordinary person; "A person who is covered, wrapped, obstructed, closed, concealed, and covered by many five covers" is an ordinary person. "Samen", anyone who walks into the parade from here, enters the parade. "Brahman "Everyone who calls friends to others. Ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins, what can they say to others?" Ordinary people can say with greed; who can say with hatred; who can say with idiot; who can say with slow; Anyone who can say by seeing; whoever can say by exaltation; whoever can say by doubt; whoever can say that he is "infected", or "disgusting", or "ignorant", or "bound" by the latent tendency of troubles Those who "come to those who are clinging", or "coming to the distracted ones," or "coming to the unsatisfactory ones," or "coming to the fortitude ones," those whose deeds have been cut off, and those who have been How interesting is the state of renunciation to say that he is a "hell-fallen person", or a "beast-fallen person", or a "hungry ghost-landish person", or a "person", or a "heaven", or a "colored person", Or "colorless", or "thinking", or "not thinking", or "neither thinking nor non-thinking"? He has no cause, no predestined condition, no factor by which he can speak, speak, talk, explain, and speak. "For ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins, what can you say about others?"
"For him that is not valued": ""For him", for the Arahat; for those who have exhausted their troubles. "Value", there are two kinds of attention: [Because] the value of eagerness and [ Because] the importance of seeing...(slightly omitted) this is the importance of thirsting...(slightly omitted) this is the importance of seeing. For him, the importance of thirsting has been cut off, and the importance of seeing has been cut off. The state in which the attention of love has been cut off, the state in which the attention of seeing has been cut off, they set (as) no thirst or no-seeing before (attention), and then walk, no thirst for love, no thirst Love is a building, no desire to love is increasing, not seeing is a banner, not seeing is a building, not seeing is increasing, and walking without being thirsty or seeing is followed." For him that is not valued.
"Therefore, he does not waver about what he said": ""Therefore", therefore; that reason; that cause; that fate; that cause. Regarding what is said, rebuke, accusation, scolding, praise or not He does not shake, does not shake, does not move, does not tremble, does not tremble (strong tremor), and does not tremble much (strong tremor)." Therefore, he does not sway about what is said.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Ordinary people, Samana, and Brahmins, how can they say others,
       is not taken seriously for him, so he does not waver about what is said. "
    95. Those who are free from greed and not stingy, Muni will not say that he is among the best.
       are not among the same, not among the inferior, and those who do not construct do not come to construct.
"Anyone who is free from greed and not stingy": ""Craving is called craving, it is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, this greed is cut off, cut off, The one who is calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who is free from greed, he is not greedy in appearance... (omitted) in what you see, hear, feel, and be aware The dhammas are not covetous, not tied, not obsessed, sinless, deviated from covetousness, deprived of covetousness, deprived of covetousness, deprived of covetousness, deprived of covetousness, and deprived of covetousness. The greedy, the greedy, the not hungry... (abbreviated) to live as a brahman who is alive." For the greedy. "Not stingy" and "saving", there are five kinds of stinginess:[ To] the stinginess of residence, the stinginess of the family, the stinginess of gains, the stinginess of praise, the stinginess of the law, all the opinions like this... , Being cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is said to be not stingy." He who is free from greed, not stingy.
"Muni will not say that he is among the excellent, not among the same, and not among the inferior": ""Muni", Muna is called wisdom... (omitted) He is Muni after being dyed with the net. "Is the winner", or "I am the same", or "I am the inferior" he does not say, does not tell, does not talk, does not explain, does not say.Among the good, there are not the same or the inferior.
"The one who does not construct does not come to construction": ""Construction" has two constructions: [cause] the construction of desire and [cause] the construction of seeing... (omitted) This is the construction of desire... (omitted) This is the construction of seeing. "For him, the construction of thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, and the construction of thirst has been cut off, and the construction of seeing has been cut off. State, the construction of craving or the construction of seeing. He does not come, does not arrive, does not arrive, does not grasp, does not cling, does not cling to. "For does not come to the construction. "Non-constructor", "Construction", there is Two kinds of constructions: [Cause] the construction of craving and [cause] the construction of seeing... (Omitted) This is the construction of craving... (Omitted) This is the construction of seeing. For him, the construction of craving has been The construction of renunciation and seeing has been cut off, in the state of being cut off from the construction of craving, the construction of seeing has been cut off, the construction of craving or the construction of seeing he does not make or produce it , Do not make it produce, do not make it arise, do not make it arise." Those who do not construct do not come to construct.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "For those who are not greedy and not stingy, Muni will not say that he is among the best.
       are not among the same, not among the inferior, and those who do not construct do not come to construct. "
    96. For him there is no one himself in the world, and he does not grieve with what does not exist,
       does not go into the dhamma, he is indeed called "the silent one."
"For him there is no one in the world": ""For him", to the Arahat; to the one who has exhausted troubles. "There is no one in the world", to him, there is nothing to show Kind, feeling, thinking, deed, consciousness, "This is mine, or this is someone else's." Being grasped, clinged, attached, taken, Believed, he doesn't, doesn't exist... (slightly) was burned by the fire of wisdom." For him there is no one in the world.
"He doesn't grieve with what doesn't exist": "He doesn't sorrow for things that have changed, or he doesn't sorrow for things that have changed: "My eyes have changed" He is not sad; "My ears...my nose ...My tongue...my body...my mind...my colors...my voices...my smells...my tastes...my touches...my All dhammas...my home...my group (congregation)...my residence...my gains...my reputation...my praise...my pleasure...my clothes...my food ...My bed base...my patient's needs and medical necessities...my mother...my father...my brother...my sister...my son...my daughter...me Friends...my colleagues...my relatives...my blood relatives have changed. He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not beating his chest and crying, and not coming to confusion." Existent and sad.
Or, "to be touched, tortured, combined, possessed by false suffering, he is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not pounding and crying, not coming to confusion: being touched, tortured, combined, possessed by eye diseases, He is not sad, tired, weeping, crying, or confused; he suffers from ear disease...by nose...by tongue...by body...by head...by external ear... ...Being sick with mouth...being sick...being coughed...being gasping...being external nose...being fever...being old...being sick...being unconscious...being diarrhea...being abdominal pain... Being cholera... Being leprosy... Being tumor... Being ringworm... Being lung disease... Being epilepsy... Being ringworm... Being mange... Being rheumatoid... Being scratched (a type of leprosy)... Being Dry and cracked skin...Blood biliary disease...Diabetes...Hemorrhoids...Rash (boils)...Hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer)...Disease caused by gallbladder...Disease caused by phlegm... Diseases caused by the wind... Diseases that are gathered by [three]... Diseases that are born from changes in seasons... Diseases that are born from incorrect postures... Diseases that are hit suddenly... Born by the effects of kamma The disease...being cold...being hot...hungry...thirsty[...being feces...being urine]...being touched, tortured, combined, possessed by the scorching sun snake, he does not Sorrow, not tired, not weeping, not pounding and crying, not coming to confusion." This is also why he is not sad because it does not exist.
Or, "In the non-existent, unknown, and undiscovered [thinking]: "Ah! My one is really gone. If there is my one, I really don't get that." He is not sad , Don't get tired, don't weep, don't beat your chest and cry, don't come into confusion." This is also why he doesn't grieve as nonexistent.
     "Do not go into the dhammas": "Those who do not go to desire should not behave; those who do not go to hate should notWhere to go; do not go to the place where idiots should not do; do not go to the place where horrible ones should not do; do not go because of greed (walk to); do not go because of aversion; do not go because of idiot; Go; don't go because of seeing; don't go because of abandonment; don't go because of doubt; don't go because of potential troubles, and don't be carried away, carried away, carried or carried by the quarrel (disharmony) law. "In order not to walk into the dhamma.
"He is indeed called "The Silent"": ""He is the Silent, the Silent, the Silent, the Cooler, the Silent." Is called, said, told, talked, explained, To be said." Because he is indeed called the "Silent One".
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "For him there is no own in the world, and he does not grieve for what does not exist,
       does not go into the dhamma, he is indeed called "the Silent One". "
     Tenth [Completed] Explanation before disintegration.


Summary:
  1. Those who prove liberated before death can be called silent ones---describe the appearance of liberated ones.
2. One-point follow-up: not angry, not afraid, not showing off (slow), not regretting, saying after consideration, not giving up, self-control, not tricky, not eager, not stingy, not arrogant, not disgusting, not parting , Not leaking, not hostile, not greedy.
  12/12/2020 10:45
