89. Learning for profit, and anger when there is no profit,

Do not love the hostile with thirst, not greedy in taste.

"Learning for profit, and anger when there is no profit": "How is it to learn
for profit? Bichu! Here, Bichu saw that Bichu was the benefit of clothes, food,
shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, and he thought, "What is this His
Holiness, what is clothing, feeding, shelter, the patient's needs, medicine.
What about the profit of the necessities? He thought, "This His Holiness is a
teacher, because then he is the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient
needs, medical necessities." Profits are due, profit as a cause, profit as a
reason, for the birth of profit, so that the profits are familiar with him to
learn the classics, so it is to gain and learn.

Or, Bichu saw that Picchu was the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient
needs, medical necessities, and he thought, "What is this His Holiness, what is
clothing, feeding, shelter, the patient's needs, medicine. What about the profit
of the necessities? He thought, "This His Holiness is a lawyer... (cr.) the
sayer... Abidamyr, because then he is a profit of clothes, food, shelter,
patient needs, medical necessities." It is also for gain to learn Abidamas for
the sake of profit, for the sake of profit, and for the sake of the birth of the
profit, so that he has learned Abidamus all too.

Or, Bichu saw that Picchu was the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient
needs, medical necessities, and he thought, "What is this His Holiness, what is
clothing, feeding, shelter, the patient's needs, medicine. What about the profit
of the necessities? He thought, "This is a man who lives in the forest...
beggers... who wear manure sweepers... but the third beggers... the beggers who
are not eaten after eating... those who sit [not lying]... who live everywhere,
because That His Holiness is the benefit of clothing, food, shelter, patient
needs, medical necessities." Profits for reason, profit for the origin, profit
for the reason, for the birth of profit, so that the profits are familiar with
him is the forest field... (middle) everywhere dwellers, this is also to gain
and learn.

How is it for profit to learn? "Bichu! Here, Bichu non-profit for reasons,
non-profit for reasons, non-profit as the reason, the birth of non-profit,
non-profit, not to make gains familiar, only for the purpose of their own
reconciliation (interests), their own silence purposes, make yourself To achieve
Nibbana's purpose he learns classics, he learns law, and he learns Abidamas, so
he learns for profit.

Or, Bichu non-profit for reasons, non-profit for reasons, non-profit reasons,
non-profit, non-profit, non-profit, non-profit is familiar, only for the sake of
little desire, consensual reason, reduction, living alone, there is this As a
result of the state of the forest, become a regular begger... become a dung
sweeper... become the third beggar... become the second beggar... become a
person who does not eat after eating... become often sitting [not lying]... ...
to be a person everywhere, so it is not necessary to gain and learn." Learn for
non-profit.

"And to anger when there is no profit", how is it angry when there is no profit?
Here, a certain group of people [thought]: "I don't get home, or I can't get a
group, or I can't get shelter, or I don't get any gain, or I don't get fame, or
I don't get praise, or I don't get pleasure. , or I can't get clothes, or I
can't get a group meal, or I don't get a bed seat, or I can't get my patient's
needs and medical essentials, or I am not given care, or I am not known." He is
angry, rejected, stubborn (revolt), shows anger, dissatisfaction. This is to be
angry when there is no profit.

How is not angry without profit? Here, Bichu [thought]: "I can't get home, or I
can't get a group... I'm not known." He does not anger, does not reject,
intransigence (revolt), and shows no anger, dissatisfaction. This is not angry
when there is no gain." Learn for unwary gain, and anger when there is no
profit.

"Do not love hostility with thirst, do not follow greed in taste": ""The enemy",
all heart anger, hostility, hostility, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger,
evil, evil, heart harm, wicked, Wrath, anger, state of anger, rage, angry, angry
state, harm, anger, anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, hostility,
brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure, which is called hostility. Whosoever for
him is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, and
burned by a fire of wisdom, he is called the unhostile. "Thirst love", the color
of thirst love, the voice of thirst love, the smell of thirst love, thirst love
of taste, the thirst of the touch, the thirst "Taste (taste)", with root, dry,
skin, leaf, floral, fruit, sour, sweetness, bitter, spicy, salty, alkali, sour,
astringent, pleasant, unpleasant, cool, hot, Some Samana, Brahmen are the greedy
of taste, they roam with the tongue for the highest taste and roam, they get
sour after seeking no sour taste, get no sour taste, after getting sweetness;
after getting sweetness, Get no sweetness after seeking sweetness; get
bitterness after no bitterness, get no bitterness after the bitterness; get
spicy after no spicy taste, get no spicy taste after spicy taste; get salty
after no salty, get No salty after seeking salty; after getting alkali taste,
get no alkali after getting alkali taste; get sour taste after stringency, get
astringent after getting sour taste; get pleasant taste after unpleasant taste,
get Unpleasant taste after seeking pleasant taste; get cool after all the heat,
get the heat after all the cold, they get after each get because they are not
satisfied and repeatedly seek, in the consensual taste greed, greedy, tied,
being tied, being Obsessed, dyed, attached, entrenched, obstructed, who for him
this taste thirst love is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be
born, burned by wisdom fire, he eats food after inspection : "Neither for
pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for good body, not for solemn, only for the
survival, survival of this body, in order to stop damage, in order to finance
Van Heng. In this way, I will repel what I felt before, not stirring new
feelings, health, no fault, and well-being."

If he is oiled to sores only for the purpose of long [meat], or, if he is oiled
on the axle, only for the purpose of transportation of goods, or if he eats his
son's meat food only for the desertient Purpose. Similarly, after picchu Ruri,
eat food: "Neither for pleasure... (in the middle) to live well." The thirst of
taste loved him to break, depart from, and end, and make it come to absent. He
should have been separated from the taste of thirst, quanned, quanned, departed,
departed, freed, unbound, and he dwelt with a restrained heart." For those who
do not love hostility with thirst, do not follow greed in taste.

Because then, Worldman said:

"To learn for profit, and to be angry in the absence of profit,

Do not love the hostile with thirst, and do not follow greed in taste."

90. calm people always mind, in the world do not think the same,

There is no increase for him who is not the inferior.

"Calm is always mindful.": "Calm", with six calmness: after seeing color,
neither happy nor sad and live in calm, mindful, mindfulness; after listening to
the voice... (medium) after consciousness, neither happy nor Sadly and live in
calm, mindful, cognitive [DN.33 six permanent residence]. After seeing the
consensual color, do not seek, dislike, do not make greed, his body is already
standing, the heart is standing, and his heart has been established, good
relief, and, after seeing the unsatisfactory color, does not become discouraged
A heart that has no standing, the sorrow without heart, and the unwicked evil,
his body is abated, and his heart has been established, and his heart is built,
and righteously freed. After listening to the voice in the ear... after the
smell of the nose... after taste with the tongue... after touching the touch...
after the consensual law of consciousness, do not seek, dislike, do not make
greed, not greed, his body is already standing, the heart is already living He
who has made himself is established by good and liberated, and, after the
knowledge of the unconsensual law, does not become a discouraged, unabated
heart, sorrow without heart, without heart, and malice without heart; his body
is abated, and his heart is dwelt The one who stands, is established by good,
and liberated.

After seeing color, in the consensual and unconsensual color for him are
standing, the heart has lived, himself was established, good relief; after
listening to the voice... (medium) in consciousness after the law of
consciousness, after consensual And the law of unconsensual is for him who has
lived, the heart has stayed, and himself was established and liberated by good
[SN.46.6].

After seeing color, will not be dyed on the dye, will not be angry on anger,
will become stupid on the stupid, not angry on the angry, not drunk on the will
be drunk, will not pollute on the polluting; After listening to the voice in
ear... (middle) to consciousness law, will not be dyed on the dyed, will not be
angry on the angry, will become stupid on the stupid, not angry on the angry, on
the will not be drunk Drunk, do not pollute on the polluting. There is only so
much in what you see; in what it is only heard so much; in the perception only
perceive so much; in what we know so much [SN.35.95], not seen Contamination; It
is not contaminated in what it is known; it is not contaminated in what we know,
it is no obsession, [morality] undetrimental, unrestrained. He has been freed
from the bound, and he dwells away from the restrained heart; in what he
heard... (medium) is known to be the unobsession, the undestructed, the unbound,
the unbound. He has been freed, and he dwelt away from the restrained heart.

Allohan has (exist) eyes, Alohan with eyes, Alohan has no greedy, Alohan has
good relief; Alohan has ears, Allohan ears listening, Alohan has no greedy,
Alohan has a good heart free; Alohan has a nose, Arohan smells with the nose,
Alohan no greedy, Alohan heart relief; Alohan has tongue, Allohan tongue
taste... (medium) Alohan has a body, Arrohan touched by the touch... Alohan
intentionally, Allohan in the law of consciousness, Alohan has no greedy,
Alohan's heart relief [SN.35.232].

Eyes joy in color, joy in color, joy in color, Arrohan has relegated, guarded,
guarded, protected, and taught about it's homemade law; ear joy in the sound...
(medium) nose in the smell In joy... tongue joy in taste, joy in the taste, joy
in the taste, Arohan has relegated, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught
about its homemade law, in the touch of joy... (Litra) intended to rejoice in
law, joy in law, and joy in the law, Arrohan has been relegated, guarded,
guarded, protected, and taught about it [MN.75].

"They guide [the dragon elephant] which has been reigned into the rally, and the
king ascend to the re

He who has been reconciled is the most victorious among men, and reproach him

And the horse of the donkey that has been revolved is a great victory, and the
ste

And Kungalah (elephant) is a dragon elephant, and the self-reign is even better.

It is true that you do not take these cars, can go to the unreached direction,

According to self-regulation, the reordinate to the reordinate to go. [Dhp.
321-323]

They are unwavering in all kinds of slowness and become freed regenerators,

They have reached the revolt, they are the winners in the world. [SN.22.76]

Whosoever whose roots have been practiced, both inside and outside: in the
world,

Piercing this with His world, and he is a trainee waiting for death: He is the
one who has reordinated. [Sn.3.6, 521]

"Calm is always [mindful]"[Always',] always; everything; all times; often;
eternal time... (medium) old age. "Mindful", in four ways: when the practice is
mindful in the body, in the heart... when practicing in the law with the view of
the law is mindful... Called mindful." For those who are calm is always mindful.

"Do not think equal in the world": "Not by birth, or by last name... (middle) or
by something that makes 'I'm the equivalent. ' For those who do not think about
the same in the world.

"Not the inferior": "Not by birth, or by last name... (middle) or by something
that makes "I am the winner" extremely slow. Not by birth, or by last name...
(middle) or by something that makes 'I am the inferior. ' For non-special
winning non-inferior.

"There is no surge for him": "For him," for Arrohan; for those who have been
exhausted. "Growth", there are seven kinds of surge: greed, boomer, slow-rise,
see surge, pollution rise, industry growth, for him these surges they do not
exist, do not exist, not known, not found, have Being cut off, cut off, calmed
down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by a wisdom fire. For him there is no
surge.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The calm is always mindful, and in the world do not think the same,

There is no increase for him who is not the inferior."

91. For him there was no stopover: knowing the law became unstoppable.

For having or without, for him thirsty love is not found.

"For him there is no stop state": "For him," to Allohan, the troubles have been
exhausted. "Stop", there are two kinds of stops: the stop of thirsty love and
the stop of seeing... (middle) This is the stop of thirst love... (middle) This
is the stop of seeing. For him, the stop of love has been cut off, the stop of
seeing has been dismissed, the state of which the basis of thirsty love has been
cut off, the state of the rest of the sight has been dismissed, for him he does
not exist, Not known, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable
to be born, burned by wisdom fire." For him there is no stop state.

"After knowing the law becomes unstoppable": "After knowing", after knowing,
after understanding, after measuring, after judgment, after each, and after
figure out. "Everything is unconstant" after knowing, after understanding, after
measuring, judging, after the separation, after figuring out; "Everything is
bitter"... "All laws are without me"... (medium) "Any set law is extinction
After knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, and
figuring out. There are two kinds of stops: thirst for love and the stop of
seeing... (medium) This is the stop of thirsty love... (middle) This is the stop
of seeing. After giving off thirst for love; after the discernment is not stop
the eye; do not stop the ear; do not stop the nose; do not stop the tongue; do
not stop the body; do not stop on the people; all colors... all the sounds...
all smells... Taste... all touches... Home... Groups (public)... dwellings...
(middle) seen, heard, perceived, able to be known by the law of the people who
do not stick, do not stick, do not fall into, unstuck, do not put their heart
toward (Win). He has departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound, and he
dwelt away from the restrained heart. To become unstopper after knowing the law.

"For having or without, thirsty love for him is not found": "thirst love",
thirst love of color, thirst love of voice, thirst love of smell, thirst love of
taste, thirst love touched, thirsty love of law. "For him," for the Arrohan, the
troubles have been exhausted. "Yes," yes, yes, no, no see. "Yes," to the
constant, "for nothing", to disconnect. "Yes", to have repeatedly, repeatedly
interesting, to be born again, born again, and again the birth of the
individual. For him he was thirsty to love him not, did not exist, not known,
not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, and
burned by a wisdom fire. For having or without, for him thirsty love is not
found.

Because then, Worldman said:

"For him there is no stopover: knowing the law becomes unstoppable,

For having or without, thirsty love for him is not found."

I say, "He is a silent man": those who have no expectation of desire,

His bindings were not found, he spent love.

"I say he is the Silent": "The Silent is the Stopper, the Cooler, the Stopper. I
say he, I tell him, I talk about him, I tell him,I said him." Say to me that he
is a "silent man."

"Those who have no expectation of desire": "Wills", there are two kinds of
desires from praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle)
these are called the desires of things... (medium) these are called the wills of
pollution. After the desires of the things are known, after the desires of
pollution are discarded, abandoned, after expropriation, after expropriation,
after the end, and after the end of the absence, when desires are not expected,
become deserted, discarded desires, ruled out desires Those who have freed their
desires, those who have dismissed their desires, and those who have taken away
from their desire, those who have gone away from their desire, those who have
forsaken, those who have dismissed the greedy, those who have dismissed the
greedy, those who are not hungry, And those who have cooled, those who have been
cooled, and those who feel happy, dwelt with himself as the living of Van. For
those who have no expectations in the desire.

"His bindings are not found": "Bindings", there are four types of bindings:
Greedy Bundles, Malicious Bindings, Forbidden Bindings, [Only] This is the true
execution of the binding [SN. 45.175]. Own seeing greed for the bind of greed,
anger and dissatisfaction in others as a malicious binding, to take their own
abstinence or forbidden or forbidden bind for forbidden, their own see [of the
execution of the bind (Ni.13,147)] is [only] this is true execution of the
binding. "His", of the Alohan, the troubles of those who have exhausted "His
bindings are not found": "For him they are not, do not exist, not known, not
found, disconnected, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born,
burned by wisdom fire ." For his bindings are not found.

"He spent love": love is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium)
greed, greedy, bad roots. "Love", what is love? "Dispersed" for love; "vast" for
love; "widespread" for love; "wrong" for love; "it forcibly" for love; "it
seize" for love; "fraudulent" for love; "poison" for Love; "poison" for love;
"poison used" for love; or, "the vast thirst love: in color... in the sound...
in the smell... at the touch... at home... in The masses... in the dwellings...
(middle) are enlarged in the knowledge of what they see, smell, feel, and be
able to be known" is love. "He spent love": "This loving thirst loves him to
spend, transcend, pass, pass, overcome." For him to spend love.

Because then, Worldman said:

"I say, 'He is a silent man. '

His bindings were not found, and he spent love.

93. His son, his livestock, the fields and dwellings were not found,

Even if it has been obtained or rejected, in him was not found.

"His sons, livestock, land and homeland are not found": "No" is no. "His", of
the Alohan, the troubles of those who have exhausted "Son", there are four kinds
of sons: one born of his own, son born in fields, adoptive sons, and
apprenticeship sons. "Livestock", goat and sheep, chicken and pig, like cow mule
horse. "Fields", japonica rice fields, rice fields, mung bean fields, bean
fields, barley fields, wheat fields, sesame fields. "Residential Land",
residential land, warehouse front, backyard home, garden home, residential land.
"His Son, his livestock, the land and the land and the dwelling land shall not
be found": "The persistence of his Son, or the persistence of the livestock, or
the persistence of the land, or the abundance of the land they are not, do not
exist or are not known, Not found, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down,
stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire." For his sons and livestock,
the land and the homeland are not found.

"Even if the one has been received or rejected, is not found in him": "The
'received' is seen for me; the "rejected" is dismissed, he has not "got" held;
no "rejected" should be freed , whosoever has not been held, there is no one
that should be freed; whosoever is not to be freed, he has not been held,
Arrohan is a man who has crossed the grip and release, has passed growth and
recession, he is descended The state, the person who has practiced... (medium)
life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration." For even if it has been
obtained or rejected, in him was not found.

Because then, Worldman said:

"His sons, and his cattle, the fields and their homes are not found,

Even if it has been obtained or rejected, in him was not found."

94. Van and Samana, and the Brahmen, by what can say to him,

For him that is not valued, so about what said he does not shake.

"Van Fu and Samana, and the Brahmen,By what can say to him": "The Morphus, "They
give birth to many pollutions." For Van Fu; "Many unremoved (killed)" for Van
Fu; "See many masters face" for Van Fu; "Those who do not come out of much fun"
for Van Fu; 'They make many kinds of creations. ' For Van Fu; 'They were washed
away by many kinds of storm. ' For Van Fu; 'They are annoyed with many kinds of
torments. ' For Van Fu; 'They are burned by many kinds of exertion. ' For Van
Fu; "In a lot of five kinds of desire to be greedy, greedy, tied, obsessed,
dyed, attached, stuck, handicapped, handicapped by a lot of five, covered,
covered, closed, hidden, hidden, "The wrapper" is Van Fu. "Samana", anyone who
walks into the march from outside here, enters the parade. "Brahmen," anyone who
calls friends to others. Van Fu and Samana, and the Brahmen, by what can say
him", and all that can speak with greed; all can speak with a stupid; all can
speak slowly; all can say; all that can say; whosoever is able to say; whosoever
is able to say; all that can say; The potential trend of annoying is that he is
a 'dye', or 'disgusting', or 'ignorant' or 'bond', or 'beare', or 'coming to the
dissipate', or 'coming to the unconsensual, 'or 'coming fortitude The creations
have been cut off, and what is interesting about the state of which they have
been cut off can say that he is a "fallen hell," or "the beast," or "the devil,"
or "man", or "heaven." , or 'colourless, 'or' thinkless' or 'thin' or 'thin', or
'neither thinkable nor unwitt'? He has no reason, no fate, nor a factor to
speak, to tell, speak, explain, and speak. For Van Fu and Samana, and for the
Brahmen, and for what can say of him.

"It is not valued for him": "For him," for Alrohan; for those who have been
exhausted. There are two kinds of importance: [because of] the importance of
love and [because] see... (medium) This is the importance of thirsty love... For
him the attention of thirst love has been discarded, the attention of seeing has
been dismissed, the attention of thirsty attention has been cut off state, see
the attention of the state of dismissed, they put (do) without thirst love or
invisible in front ( After the line, no thirst for love as a flag, no thirst
love for building, no thirst love is increased, no sight as the flag, invisible
as the building, no sight is increased, do not be thirsty love or see follow."
For him that was not valued.

"So he does not shake about what he said": "Therefore, therefore; that reason;
that cause; that edge; that cause. With regard to what is said, to rebuke, to
blame, to blame, to dispraise, to those with no praise, he does not shake, does
not shake, does not move, does not shake, does not tremble, does not tremble
(strong trembling), not much trembling (strong " So about what he said does not
shake.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Van Fu and Samana, and the Brahmen, for what can say to him,

For him that is not valued, so he does not shake about what is said."

95. away from the greedy, not stingy, Muni will not say among the good,

Not in the same, not among the inferior, the non-constructor does not come to
construct.

"From the desire, not stingy": ""Cedity is called thirsty love, that is greed,
lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. Whoever for him is cut off, cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called
away from the greedy, he is not greedy in color... (in the middle) seen and
heard , feel, can be knowledge of the methods are not coed, not tied, not
obsessed, sinless, away from the desire, no greedy, has abandoned the desire,
has been excluded, has been free from the greedy, Those who have dismissed their
greed, and who have dismissed it, and do not hungry... dwelt himself for the
bereaved of Van." For away from greed. "Not stingy", "saving sting', there are
five kinds of stingy: [right] the stingy of the residence, the saving of home,
the profit of the stingy, the praise of the stingy, the law of the stingy, all
like this... Save stingy Whosoever is for him that is cut off, cut off, calmed
down, stopped, cannot be born, and burned by a fire of wisdom, he is called the
unstingable. For the desire, not stingy.

"Muni will not say that among the good, not the same, not among the inferior":
"Muni," Munna is called wisdom... He is Muni after he is beyond the dyed net. "I
am the winner," or 'I am the same, 'or 'I am the inferior.' He does not say,
does not tell, talk, do not say, do not say or speak." For Muni will not say
inAmong the good, not the same, not among the inferior.

"No builders do not come to build": "Construct", there are two types of
constructions: [because] love constructs and [because] see constructs...
(middle) This is the construction of thirsty love... (medium) This is the
construction of see. "For him the construction of love has been cut off、See the
construction has been dismissed, to the longest of the construction of the
broken state, the construction of see the state of the dismissed, the longest of
the construction or the construction of the seeming he does not come、No
Arrival, not arriving, not holding, not taking action, not persistence. Not to
come to the build. There are two types of constructions: the construction of
[because of] love and [because] see constructs... (middle) This is the
construction of thirsty love... For him the construction of love has been cut
off, the construction of see has been dismissed, to the state of the longing
construction of the broken state, the construction of see the state of
dismissed, the construction of thirst or see the construction he does not make,
does not make it Produce, do not produce, do not give birth, do not give birth
to it." Not for the constructor does not come to build.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The one who is away from the greedy, not stingy, Muni will not say among the
good

Not in the same, not among the inferior, the non-constructor does not come to
build."

96. For him who does not have his own in the world, he does not grieve for
    nonexistent,

Without walking into the law, he is indeed called the "Silent."

"To him who does not have himself in the world": "To him," for Arrohan; for
those who have troubled. "He who does not have himself in the world," to him any
color, by the sort of, think, do, or know, "This is mine, or this is someone
else." He was held, taken, taken, taken, believed, he was not, did not exist...
(medium) was burned by the wisdom fire." For him there is no own in the world.

"He does not grieve for what is not there": "He does not grieve in things that
have become easy, or he does not grieve in things that become easy: 'My eyes
have become easy. 'He does not grieve; 'My ears... my nose... my tongue... my
body I mean... my colors... my voices... my smells... my tastes... my touches...
my methods... my house... my group... my dwellings... My gain... my
reputation... my praise... my music... my clothes... my feeding... my bed
seat... my patient's needs and medical necessities... my mother... my father...
... my brother... my sister... my son... my daughter... my friends... my
colleagues... my relatives... my blood has become easy." He is not sad, not
tired, not weeping, not. Chest crying, do not come to confusion. So that he does
not grieve for non-existent.

Or, "touched, tortured, combined, possessed, he is not sad, not tired, not
weeping, not crying, do not come to confusion: by eye disorder touched,
tortured, combined, possessed, he is not sad, not Tired, not sad, do not cry, do
not come to confusion; by ear disease... by the nose... by the tongue... by the
head disease... by the external ear disease... by mouth disease... was cough...
was pumped... by external nasal disease... fever... by old abdominal disease...
coma... being diarrheal... by the abdominal pain... by cholera... by leprosy...
by tumor... by ringworm... by pulmonary disease... by ringit ... scabies...
scratched by rhymia (a kind of sickness)... cracked skin...
blood-blood-disease... with diabetes... rash (boils blisters)... by hemorrhoid
fistula (ulcer)... bile Equivalent diseases... diseases that are eated by
sputum... diseases that are erected by the wind... diseases that are grouped by
[three]... diseases that are caused by changing times... diseases born of
improper posture... were struck suddenly Diseases... Diseases born from the
kamma... cold... being hungry... being thirsty [... being dung... urine]... by
the contact of the flies mosquitoes wind sun snake up, tortured, combined,
possesses, he does not Sadness, not tired, not sad, do not weep, do not cry, do
not come confused." It is also that he does not grieve for non-existent.

Or, "In the middle of the nonexistent, unknowable, undiscovered [thought]: 'Ah!
My one is really gone, and if there is one of mine, I really don't get that." He
is not sad, not tired, not weeping, does not cry, and does not come to
confusion." It is also that he does not grieve for non-existent.

"Do not go to the law": "do not go to the desire should not do; do not go to
theThe line; do not go to the stupid should not walk; do not go to terror should
not go; do not go because of greed (to); do not go because of obsession; not
because of slow; do not go because of seeing; not because of a loss; Go without
doubt; do not worry about potential trends and go, not quarrel (not and not) law
carry away, take away, carry, carry, carry." For not to go to the law.

"He is indeed called the Silent": 'He is the Silent, the Stopper, the Destroyer,
the Cooler, the Stopper. ' Be called, spoken, told, talked, spoken, described,
told. For him is indeed called the "Silent".

Because then, Worldman said:

"For him who has no own in the world, he does not grieve for the nonexistent,

He is indeed called the "Silent."

Notes of the Tenth [Completed] before the disintegration.





Excerpt:

1. Before death, a liberator can be called a silent person — describing what the
   liberator looks like.

2. a school: no anger, not afraid, do not show off (slow), do not regret,
   consider, do not fall off, words homemade, do not tricky, no enthusiasm, not
   stingy, not arrogant, not evil, not between, not leaking, not leaking, Not
   hostile, no greed.

12/12/2020 10:45

