100. the lovely intentions of the world are the reason: all the greedy walks
     around the world,

The desire and completion are the reasons for it: all who have the next life.

"Lovely will in the world is its cause": "Wills", whoever desires in the desire,
greed of desire, joy of desire, thirst love, desire of love, take of desire,
scorching heat, fascination of desire, desire The flare, the yoke of desire, the
desired execution, the desire to cover. In addition, there are five intentions:
the desire to seek, the will to obtain, the will to receive, the will to store,
the will to spend. What is the desire to seek? Here, a certain kind of man is
the taker, the beeker, the wills of the living, he seeks all colors... the
voices... smells... tastes... all the touches, this is the desire of all. What
is the intention of obtaining? Here, a certain kind of person is the taker, the
besier, the desire to live, he gets colors... sounds... smells... all tastes...
get the touch, this is the desire to gain. What is the intention to use? Here, a
certain type of person is the taker, the besier, the wills of the living, he is
subject to color... sounds... smells... tastes... by the use of the will. What
is the intention of storage? Here, a certain type of man is the picker, the
hope, the willed to live, and he is the accumulation of wealth [, thought]:
"There will be a disaster." This is the intention of storage. What is the
intention of spending? Here, a certain type of man is the taker, the besier, the
wills of the living, he makes the property spent on elephant soldiers, horses,
soldiers, archers, infantry [, thought]: "These will guard, protect, serve me."
This is the intention of spending. "Lovely", there are two kinds of cute:
creations or rows... (medium) These are cute creations... (medium) these are
cute lines. "Lovely will in the world is its cause": "Lovely will is its cause;
will is its set; will is its birth; will be its source." The desire to be lovely
in the world is the cause.

"Whosoever walks in the world": "The "whoever..." is Chatheli, Brahmen, Bisha,
the Sudala, in the family, out of the family, heaven, and "Greed", all the state
of greed, greedy, greed, dyed, dyed, greed, greed, greedy and bad root. "Walk",
walk, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make survival. "In the world": in
the worlds of bitterness...." For all the greedy walks around the world.

"Desire and completion are the reasons for it": desire is called thirsty love,
that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots.
"Complete", here, when a certain kind of people seek color, he gets color,
becomes the finish of color; the voices... smells... all tastes... all the
way... family... groups (public)... dwellings ... profit... reputation...
praise... music... clothes... feeding... shelter... patient's needs and medical
necessities... through... law... Abidamu... Forest wild branch... regular
begging... manure sweep Clothing... but three clothes... the second beg... after
eating without food... often sit [not lying] branch... everywhere... First
Zen... Second Zen... Third Zen... Fourth Zen... Void infinity until... Know the
borderless until... Nothing to wait until... When he wants to wait until he gets
to wait, to become the completion of what you want to wait until he wants to
wait.

"To cultivate the fields with desire, to sow seeds in desire,

With the desire to proceed to trade, goods transporters [in] the sea,

Whosoever I dwell with a desire, my desire [can] succeed." [Thag.530]

The success of the desire is called completion. "Desire and completion are their
reasons from here": "Wish and completion from here will be the cause; will is
its set; will is its origin; will be its root cause." For the desire and
completion from here is the reason.

"Whosoever is in the world": "Whoever has a foundation, a shelter, a refuge, a
place of return, and a complete and dependent." For all who have the next life.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The lovely will of the world is the reason: all the greedy walks in the world,

Desire and completion are the reason for this: all who have the next life."

101. So where is the cause of intent in the world, and where is it judged from?

Wrath of false words and doubts, and all that is spoken by Samana?

"So where is the intention in the world where is its cause": "'Where is the
intention of the cause? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where
was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is
its set? What is its life? What is its root? He asked about the root of
intent... He asked about the set, he asked, begging, asking, making it clear."
So where the desire in the world is its cause.

"And where judgment is a lot": "'Where is judgment a lot from? Where was born?
From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is
it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its
root? He asked about the root of judgment... He asked about the set, he asked,
begging, asking, making it clear." As well as judging from where there is a lot.

"Wrath of false words and doubts": "Anger" is the anger, hostility, hostility,
anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, wickedness, evil, the evil of
the heart, the evil of the heart, the heart's anger, anger, anger, anger, State
of anger, rage, angry, angry, victimized, angry, enraged state, hostility,
hostility, hostility, brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure. False words are
called false words, doubts are called suspicion." For anger falsehood words and
doubts.

"And whosoever is spoken by Samana": "And whosoever [the law]", who is spoken by
anger and falsehood goes through, born, mixed, corresponding, same homology,
same destruction, one place, one affinity, the same affinity, these are Called
as well as all the law. Or, where those other kinds of, are contaminated by
other participation, these are also called as well as by the law. "Said by
Samana," said by Samana, who has desolated evil, Brahmen who have rejected the
law of evil, the Bichu who has destroyed the polluted roots, has been liberated
from all evil and bad roots, is explained, taught, told, Created, uncovered,
parsed, articulated, illustrated." For all the ways that are spoken by Samana.

Because then, the man said:

"So where is the intention of the world that is its cause, and where is it
judged from?

Wrath of false words and doubts, and all that is spoken by Samana?"

In the world where they say "consensual, unintended", rely on that to produce
will,

When they see absent and exist in color, men judge in the world.

"All in the world they say 'the consensual, unconsensual, '" "The consensual",
the joy and the things they want. "Undesirable", suffer and undesirable affairs.
"In the worldAnd whosoever they say, Whosoever they speak, whosoever they speak,
whosoever they say, and whosoever they speak. For all in the world they say "the
consensual, the unconsensual."

"Rely on that produce will": "After relying on the consensual, undesirable;
relying on the joy, after suffering; after the joy, worry; after the desired,
undesirable; to rely on dear, willed after evil will produce , occurs, is born,
born, born, born. Generates will to rely on it.

"After seeing the absence and existence of color": "in color", four and four big
color. What is the presence of color? The existence, birth, generation, birth,
birth, birth, appearance, this is the existence of color. What is the absence of
color? The extinction, dissipation, destruction, destruction, incontinence,
disappear, this is the absence of color. "After seeing absence and presence in
color": "presence and absence in color after seeing, after seeing, after
measuring, judging, after separation, after identification." To see the absence
and presence on the color.

"Judgment in the world": "Judgment" has two kinds of judgments: the judgment of
thirst and the judgment of seeing. What is the judgment of thirsty love? Here,
the unborn property of a certain type of person does not start, and the property
that has been born has gone through, he thinks: "Why is my unborn property not
born, and the property that has been born has gone through?" And he thought:
"For the practitioners of wine, fruit wine, and wine relaxation, my unborn
property does not start, and the property that has been born goes all over; to
the streets that are not suitable for time. For practitioners, my unborn
property is not born, and the property has been born all over; for the practice
of the exhibitions, my..., for the practice of gambling relaxation, my... for
the practice of devoting to gambling My unborn property is not born, and for
those who are committed to lazy practice, my unborn property does not come to
life; for those who are committed to laziness, my unborn property is not born,
and the property has been born Go all over. [DN.31, para. 247] After doing
wisdom, he was not close to the vanquity of six properties; he was close to the
gainful mouth of six properties, so he was a judgment of thirsty love.

Or he is a judgment of thirst love by cultivating the fields, or by trading, or
cattle, or by king, or by other skills. What is the judgment of opinion? Here,
when the eye was born, he realized (know): 'My true and I have been born. ' When
the eye was gone, he realized, 'My true and I have disappeared; my true and I
have gone. ' This is the judgment of opinion. When the ear... when the nose...
when the tongue... when the voice... when the smell... when the touch was born,
he realized (know): 'My true I was born. ' When the touch was gone, he realized,
'My true and I have disappeared; my true and I have gone. ' This is also the
judgment of the opinion; He gave birth, gave it birth, gave birth, and gave
birth to it. "Man" is a human beings, human beings, students, Brahmen...
(Central) Monu born. "In the world": in the worlds of bitterness... Judgment for
men in the world.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Whoever in the world they say, "The consensual, the unintended," they rely on
that to produce will,

And when they see absent and exist in color, men judge in the world.

103. Anger false words and doubts, when there are two kinds of laws,

Doubts should go to school in Zhi Lu, know that after the law was explained by
Samana.

"Wrath of false words and doubts": "Anger is the anger and hostility of the
heart like this... (medium) falsehood is called false words, doubts are called
suspicion. Anger is born after the desired affairs; fury after relying on
unwanted affairs is also born. Dependent on the desired transaction is created
after a delusive language; after relying on undesirable transactions also
produces a delusive language. After the desired transaction is confused; after
relying on unwanted transactions also arise.

How is anger born after relying on unwanted affairs? Anger is naturally born
after relying on undesirable things: 'He has done against me. ' Anger is born;
'He does against me. ' Anger is born; 'He will do against me. ' Wrath is born;
'He has done against whom I love, and to those who agree... will do not. ' Wrath
is born; 'He has done good for those who do not love me, and those who
disagree... will do good. ' Anger is born, so that anger is born after
undesirable affairs.

How is anger born after relying on the desired affairs? The disquieting of the
desired transactionAnger is born when robbed, anger is born when robbed, anger
is born when it has been robbed; Anger is born when the fears of want things
become easy, and when it becomes easy anger is born, when Anger is also born
when it has become easy, so that anger is born after the desired affairs.

How is it to follow an undesirable business after a vain? Here, a certain type
of person is bound by handcuffs, in order to get out of that bondage
deliberately falsehood (deliberately false)... or by the tie of a rope... or by
the fetters... or by a rattan Bondage... or bound by the bondage of the
ganges... or by the bondage of the fence... or by the bondage of the village,
town, city state... or by local bondage, in order to The deviations of that
bondage deliberately said falsehood, so that it came into vain after relying on
undesirable affairs.

How is it to follow the desired business after a vain? Here, a certain class of
people deliberately said falsehood for the reason of the consensual color, for
the sound of the [consensual] smell... for the [consensual] taste... for [the]
cause of [the] consensual touch... of clothes Because... the reason of the group
of food... the reason of sitting equipment... the patient's needs and medical
necessities deliberately said falsehood, this is to rely on the desired
business.

What is the question of relying on unwanted transactions? "Will I be out of eye
disease? Will I not get out of eye disease? Will I get out of ear disease? Nasal
disease... tongue... body disease... head disease... external ear disease...
mouth disease... will I get out of tooth disease? Will I not get out of tooth
disease? ' This is doubtful after relying on unwanted transactions.

How is it to be confused after the things that are desirable? "Will I get the
color you want? Will I not get the color you want? Will I get the sound of the
consenting? ... smells... taste... touched... homes... masses... benefits...
reputation... praise... happiness... clothes... feeding... sitting equipment...
patient needs and medical necessities. This is the cause of confusion after the
things you want." For anger falsehood words and doubts.

"When there are two kinds of laws": "When there is a consensual, undesirable;
when there is joy, bitterness; when there is joy, worries; when there is a
desire, undesirable; when there is Dear and evil, when it is known, and when
found [all] there." There are these methods for both when there are two.

"Doubts should go to school in the Chi Road": wisdom is the wisdom road; wisdom
is also the wisdom road; the law is born with wisdom is the wisdom road, such as
the Holy Road; Heaven is heaven road; Van Dao is Van Lu, so, Chi is the wisdom
road; wisdom The origin is also the Zhi Lu; the law born with wisdom is also the
wisdom road.

"Learn", there are three kinds of studies: add quit, add to the heart, add Hui
learning. What is Additions? Here, Bichu is a ring bearer who lives in the
protection of the home-made porotty forks, is well on the way and the border,
seeing horrible in micro-crime, learning after being held in the school. Small
ring, big ring is the basis of stop, [self] suppression of behavior, homemade
entrance, good law, etc. (reached) the top, which is added to the school. What
is Addition Psychology? Here, Bichu from the desire... (middle) to enter after
living in [not bitter, by the calm and read all over the net] fourth Zen, which
is added to the heart. What is Adosted Wisdom? Here, Bichu is a man of wisdom,
with a guide to birth and extinction; holy, insight, the guide of bitterness is
completely extinct [the Wisdom], he knows, "This is bitter." ... (medium) to
know the truth "This is a sign that leads to bitterness." ... (medium) to know
the truth "these are troubles." ... (medium) to know the truth "This is the
guide annoyance to destroy the trail." This is the addition of Wisdom.

"Doubts should go to school in the wisdom road": "The doubts, those who have
doubts, confused, doubts, and hesitated, should learn to increase their hearts
in order to reach wisdom, in order to reach wisdom, in order to reach wisdom,
and in order to testify. Should learn more, these three studies, when facing
(notice) should learn; when you know, should learn when seen; should learn when
inspecting; be careful to establish (resolve) should learn; when you decide to
learn; Should learn when faith wins solution; when energetic efforts should
learn; when thinking now should learn; be careful (focus) should learn; when
knowing with Hui should learn; when testifying should be known Learning; should
learn when knowledge should be known; should learn when disconnected should be
cut off; should learn when practicing should be practiced; When testifying
should be testified should be learned, should be practiced, Should be
goodImplemented, held, should turn up." For the doubters should go to school in
Chi Road.

"Knowing after the methods are explained by Samana": "After Knowing, After
Knowing, After Understanding, After Understanding, Measuring, Judgment, After
Separation, After Knowing, Explaining, Teach, Being Teach, Being Tested, Tested,
Established, Being Unveiled, parsed, articulated, explained: "All lines are
uncertain" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after
each, after being told, explained, explained, taught, told, was Established,
uncovered, parsed, articulated, explained; 'All deed is bitter '... 'All law is
without me'... 'There is no reason for ignorance. '(middle) 'Life is old and
dead.' "Destroy with no clarity"... (cl.) "Deaths and old death"... 'This is
bittern'... (middle) 'This is the path of the leading bittern'... 'These are
troubles'... (middle) 'This is the guide "These laws should be known"... "These
laws should be known"... "These laws should be cut off"... 'These laws should be
practiced... 'These laws should be practiced... 'These laws should be testified.
' Six touchdowns of the collection, extinction, taste, oversuffering, out...
five of the four... "Any set method is extinguished method" after knowing, after
understanding, after measuring, judging, after the separation, after being said
、Be explained, explained, taught, told, established, uncovered, parsed,
articulated, illustrated.

This is said by Worldman, "The Bichu I teach the law of wisdom, not wisdom; I
have a reason to teach the law, not cause; I teach the law of God change, no
gods, the Bichu! When I teach the law of wisdom, not the witness; I have a
reason to teach, not cause; I teach the law of divinity, not change, [my]
admonition should be done; the admonition should be done, the Picchu! It is
sufficient for you to be satisfied, rejoicing, and delight: Worldworld is a
righteous person, and the law is rightly said by [Worldman] that the monks are
doers according to the good. [AN.3.126] 'And when this explanation is said,
10,000 worlds vibrate [DN.1, para. 149]. To know after the law was explained by
Samana.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Wrath of false words and doubts, when there are both these laws,

Doubts should go to school in Chi Road, knowing that after the law was explained
by Samana.

104. Where is the cause of consenting and non-consenting? When what doesn't
     exist these do not exist?

Whoever does not exist and exists, please tell me where this is the reason.

"Where is the cause of consenting and unintended": "Where is the cause of
consenting and unintended? Where was born? From where is it generated? From
where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause?
What is its set? What is its life? What is its root?" "He inquired about the
root of the consensual and unintended... He asked the set, he asked, begging,
asking, making it clear." For consenting and unsatisfactory from where is its
cause.

"When what does not exist, these do not exist": "When what does not exist, when
it is not known, they do not exist, they do not exist, they do not exist, do not
happen, do not be born, when not known; Not to be produced, not born, not born."
For when what doesn't exist these don't exist.

"Where does not exist and exist": "What is the consensual, unintended existence?
Where the consensual, unintended existence, occurs, it is born, born, born,
born, appears, this is the consensual, unintended existence. What is consensual,
unintended non-existent? Whosoever the consensual, unintended extinction,
dissipation, destruction, vandalism, vandalism, dissipation, dissipation, it is
consensual, un "Whosoever is this," he who is the highest of the word. For
whoever does not exist with this reason.

"Tell me where this is its cause": 'This, whosoever I ask; whosoever I beg;
whosoever I ask; whosoever I ask; and whosoever makes me clear. "Please tell
you, please tell, please explain, please explain, please teach, please build,
please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain,
please explain." To ask you to tell me about this. "Wherever is its cause, all
its cause, all its set, all its beings, all its roots." To ask you to tell me
where this is the reason.

Because then, the man said:

"Where is the cause of consenting versus unintended? When what doesn't exist
these do not exist?

Whoever does not exist and exist, please tell me about this from where it
isBecause."

105. Consenting and unintended touches are the reasons for which they do not
     exist when they do not exist.

Whoever does not exist and exist, I tell you this from here is its reason.

"The consensual and unintended touch is the reason": Since it should feel the
touch of joy, whosoever it should feel the touch of fun, corresponding to the
feeling of the feeling: from the touch of the joy that should feel it is
extinguished; it is calmed down. As it should feel the touch of suffering,
whosoever should feel the touch of bitterness, corresponds to what it feels: It
is extinguished due to the suffering that should feel the touch of suffering; it
is calmed down. Because it should feel not bitter to touch not suffer, whoever
it should feel the bitterness of the touch, corresponding to the feeling:
because it should feel not bitter touch is not happy to suffer it Off; it was
calmed down. "Consenting and unintended touch is its cause": "Unintended and
unintended contact is its cause; from touch is its set; from touch is its
origin; from touch is its source." For consenting and unintended touches are the
cause.

"These do not exist when the touch does not exist": "When touches do not exist,
when they are not known, they do not exist, they do not exist, do not exist, do
not be born, do not be born, do not be Generate, not born, not born, do not
appear." These do not exist when the touch does not exist.

"The reason for non-existence and existence": "The opinion of existence is its
cause; nonexistent opinion is its cause. "Whosoever is this," he who is the
highest of the word. For whoever does not exist with this reason.

"I tell you this from here is its cause": "This, whoever thou inquire; whoever
thou beg; whosoever thou plead; whosoever thou plead; whosoever makes thee clear
"I tell," "I tell, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret,
I explain, I explain." Tell me about this for you. "From here is its cause,"
from here: Touch is its set; Touch is its birth; touch is its root cause." For
me to tell you about this from here is the reason.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Consenting and unintended touches are the reasons for it, and these do not
exist when the touch does not exist,

Whoever does not exist and exists, I tell you this from here is its reason."

106. So where is the cause of the touch in the world, and where is everything
     from?

When nothing does not exist without what I do? When what disappears to be
touched?

"So where is the cause of the touch in the world": "Where is the cause of touch?
Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born?
From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life?
What is its root? He asked the root of the touch; he asked why... He asked set,
he asked, begging, asking, making it clear. For then where the touch in the
world is its cause.

"And where is everything from": "'Where is everything from? Where was born? From
where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it
appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its
root? He inquired about the root of everything; he asked why... He asked about
the set, he asked, begging, pleking, and making it clear." For as well as
everything from where there is a lot.

"When nothing does not exist, I do not exist": "When what does not exist, when
it is not known, when not found, I do not exist, do not exist, not known, not
found, disconnected, cut off 、Be calm down、Be stopped、Can not be born、Be
burned by wisdom fire。" For when nothing doesn't exist without what I did.

"When what disappears to touch": "When what disappears; when it does not exist;
when it has crossed; when it has been crossed; touch not touched when overcome."
To touch when nothing disappears.

Because then, the man said:

"So where is the cause of the touch in the world, and where is everything from?

When nothing does not exist without what I do? When what disappears to touch?"

107. due to the name and color touch, want the reason to have everything,

When I don't want to exist without what I do, when the color is clear does not
touch.

"Because of the name and color touch": because of the eye and color, the three
meet and touch, eye and color in the color (belongs to the color of the color),
in addition to eye touch, there are corresponding methods in the name (belongs
to the name ), so that due to the name and color touch. Born from ears and
soundsKnow, the three meet and touch, ears and sounds in color (belong to the
sound of color), in addition to the ear touch, there are corresponding methods
in the name, so, due to the name and color touch. Born from the nose and smell,
the three meet and touch, nose and smell in color, in addition to the nasal
touch, there are the corresponding methods in the name, so, due to the name and
color touch. Due to the tongue and taste, the three meet and touch, tongue and
taste in color, in addition to the tongue touch, there are the corresponding
methods in the name, so, due to the name and color touch. Because of the body
and the touch is born, the three meet and touch, body and in the color of the
touch, in addition to touching, there are the corresponding methods in the name,
so, due to the name and color touch. Because of meaning and law born
consciousness, the three meet and touch, [meaning] according to the color
[heart; heart] in color, colored methods in color, in addition to intentional
touch, there are corresponding methods in the name, so , due to the name and
color touch.

"The reason for wanting has everything": want to be called thirsty love, that is
greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots. "Owners'," there are two types
of belongings: [for] the thirst of love and the [because] see all... (medium)
this is the thirst for all... (medium) this is all things seen. "The reason for
wanting has everything": "Everything wants for its cause, want for its cause,
want as its cause, want as its cause, want as its cause, and want as its root."
There is everything for the reason you want.

"When I do not want to exist": want to be called thirsty love, it is greed,
lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. "I do", there are two kinds of things
I do: [for] the thirst I do with the [because] I see... (medium) This is what I
do with the thirst of love... This is what I do to see. "When I want to not
exist, I do not exist": "When I want to not exist, when it is not known, when
not found, I do not exist, do not exist, not known, not found, disconnected, cut
off 、Be calm down、Be stopped、Can not be born、Be burned by wisdom fire。" To
do without me when I want to not exist.

"When the color is clear to touch": "color", four and four colors made, "when
the color is clear", with four lines of color is clear: known, to measure
clearly, to cut off, to pass Clear. How is the color known to be known? He knew
the color: "Any color, all color is the four and the four." He knew, and he saw,
so it was made known in the color of what was known.

How is it understood in terms of measurement? As such known, he measures the
constant, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, woe, sickness, on the other side, the
spoilt, calamity, evil, evil, horror, evil, the moving, vulnerable , not solid,
no refuge, no refuge, no return, reluctant, hypocritical, empty, without me,
overly, prone, false, unfortunate root, murderer, nothing, troubles, there is
something , magic food (bait), survival law, old law, disease law, death, sorrow
and grief despair law, pollution law, gather, extinct, fun, too, too, out, so is
to measure clearly as the color is clear.

How is it made clear in the color of the cut off? Then measure the desire of
color, and greed him off, dispel, and end, and make it come to absent. This was
said by Worldman, "The Bichu And whosoever is about the desires and greed of the
color shall be cut off, so that it shall be cut off, and the root shall be cut
off, like a palm tree without roots, and a behaves for the future. [SN.22.25]"
This is made clear in the color of the cut off.

How is it made clear by passing through the color? The colors of the four
colorless wait to be known (disappeared), clarified (destroyed [the following
example]), crossed, crossed, overcame, so that they were made clear in the color
of the passage of clarity. These four lines are known as color.

"When the color is clear": "When the color is clear; when it is clear; when
crossed; when crossed; when overcome five touches: eye touch, ear touch, nose
touch, tongue, touch." To touch when the color has disappeared.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Because of the name and color touch, the reason for wanting has everything,

When I want to be absent without me, when the color is clear, not touched."

108. How is it clear for the author? How do you understand the joy and bitter?

Please tell me about this. May we know this: like this is what I mean.

"How to clarify the color for the author": "How about the author"How about the
person (for the author [the following rules]); how the walker is; how the doer
is; how to make it turn; how the guardian is; how to make it last; how to make
it clear to those who survive; make it be Figure out; be crossed; overtaken;
overcome." How to clarify the color for the author.

"How to understand joy and bitterness": "How to understand joy and bitterness;
make it clear; be crossed; overcome." For also how to understand the joy and
bitter.

"Tell me about this understanding": 'This', 'Whosoever I inquire; all I beg;
whosoever I ask; whosoever I ask; and whosoever makes me clear. For this.
"Please tell me, please tell me, please tell me, please explain, please teach,
please tell, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain,
please explain, please explain." To ask you to tell me about this. "About
clarity", about understanding to make it clear, crossed, crossed, overcome. To
ask you to tell me about this clearly.

"May we know this: as this is my intention": "'May we know this, ''May we know
this; let us know; let us know; let us not; may we know; may we be sure; may we
pass through." To wish we know this. 'Like this is my intention', like this is
my intention; like this is my heart; like this is my intention; and like this is
my consciousness." May we know this: like this is what I mean.

Because then, the man said:

"How is it clear for the author? How do you understand the joy and bitter?

Please tell me about this, and may we know this: like this is what I mean."

109. He is a thinker, a non-imaginable, not a thinker, or a person who wants to
     disappear.

This makes it clear for the author, because the false name wants to be the
cause.

"He is a thinker, not a thinker": "A thinker is called a person who wants to
live in the ordinary (natural), but he is not a man who wants to live in the
usual. A thinker is called the insane and anyone who is confused, but he is not
a crazy man, nor a messy man." For him is a thinker, non-imaginable.

"Neither the unwittless, not wanting to disappear": "The unwanted is called the
one who enters [wait to] and whoever does not want to be born, but he is not
into extinction [wait to], nor does he want to be He who wants to disappear is
called the one of four colorless to wait, but he is not the recipient of four
colorless wait to wait." For those who do not want to disappear.

"For the author so clear": "Here, Bichu is disconnected... (middle) he entered
into the fourth Zen of... when the heart was so fixed, clean, purified,
unfilthless, away from the heathen The, plastic, suitable for work, standing,
arriving at the same time, in order to the void boundless to get, he pulled out
the heart to turn colourless props enough." For the author; the walker so; the
actor so; make it turn; the guardian so; make it persistent; make it clear; make
it clear; be crossed; was crossed; was overtaken; was Overcoming." To make it
clear for the author.

"For the false name wants to be its cause": "False is the name of falsehood: the
false name of thirst love, the name of the false, the name of the slow
falsehood, want to be its cause; want to be its set; want to be its origin;
think it is its cause. " Because the false name wanted to be the cause.

Because then, Worldman said:

"He is a thinker, a thinker, a thinker, nor the unwittful, he wants to
disappear,

It is so clear for the author, because the false name wants to be its cause."

110. where we ask you you tell us, we have to ask you the other, come! Please
     tell you about that,

Do some of the wise men here tell about this range: the first cleanliness of
Yasha, or do they say anything else?

"Whosoever we ask thee thou speak for us": "Whosoever we inquire about thee, and
whosoever we beg, that we ask, makes us clear. "You tell us" is told, explained,
explained, taught, taught, built, uncovered, parsed, articulated, illustrated."
For whoever we ask you you tell us.

"We want to ask you the other, come on! "Tell you about it": "We will ask you
other; we will beg thee for others; we will ask thee others; we want you to make
others clear; and we will ask thee the better. "Come on! Tell me about that,
come on! Please tell you; please explain; please teach; please inform; please
you build; please you uncover; please interpret; please clarify; please
explain." For usTo ask you the other, come on! Please tell you about that.

"Did some wise men here tell about this range: the first cleanliness of Yasha":
"Some Samana and Brahmen said, Tell, talk, explain, say, speak, say, say, and
say that this colorless is the first and most victorious, The winning, the top,
the top, the top, the top. Yasha, the human, the student of Brahmen, human,
personal, of life, to the born, to the indra, to the Indra, of the Monu.
"Clean", pure, clean, all over pure; detach, release, disengagement. "The wise
men here", the wise sayers here, those who are firmly speaking, those who have
[] methods, those who have a reason, [have] special words, [have] grounds, and
those who have a basis, Yourself advocates as possible talkers." To whether some
of the wise men here tell about this range: Yasha's first purification.

"Or do they say other things?": "Or some Samana, Brahmen they cross, cross,
overcome these colorless, wait to say, tell, talk, explain, say, say, say this
colorless, etc. There are others above. Yasha's pure, clean, all pure;
disengagement, relief, disengagement?" For or do they say anything else?

Because then, the man said:

"Whoever we ask you you tell for us, we will ask you the other, come! Please
tell you about that,

Do some of the wise men here tell about this range: the first cleanliness of
Yasha, or do they say anything else?"

111. There are some wise men here who tell about this range: the first
     purification of Yasha,

But they belong to some of them who claim to be good, and they tell them that
there is no remnant.

"There are some wise men here who tell about this range: the first cleanliness
of Yasha": "There are some Samana and Brahmen who are everlasting theists, they
say, tell, talk, explain, say, say this colorless, etc. The first, the most
winning, the winning, the top, the top, the top, the top. Yasha, the human, the
student of Brahmen, human, personal, of life, to the born, to the indra, to the
Indra, of the Monu. "Clean", pure, clean, all over pure; detach, release,
disengagement. "The wise men here", the wise sayers here, those who are firmly
speaking, those who have [] methods, those who have a reason, [have] special
words, [have] grounds, and those who have a basis, Yourself advocates as
possible talkers." For some wise men here tell about this range: the first
purification of Yasha.

"But it belongs to some of them who claim to be good, and they tell them that
there are no remnants of Samana, Brahmen, some of whom are discidents, and those
who fear, and they rejoice nothing. They told 'Silence, Silence, Silence, Calm,
Destroy, Stop, 'Sir! Whoever has been destroyed and disappeared since the
disintegration of my body, there was no remnant after death." "Declares the
good", the sayer of the sayer, the wise speaking, the strong speaking, the
[with] method, the [with] reason, the speaker of [with] a special feature, and
the [with] basis 、To speak of their own claims as possible。" For the sake of
some of them who claim to be good, they tell them that there is no remnant.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Some wise men here tell about this range: the first purification of Yasha,

But it belongs to some of them who claim to be good, and they tell them that
there is no remnant."

112. Knowing that "these are the rest", he knew that after Muni was on his way,
     he was an inspector,

He does not come to argue, and the wise does not meet all sorts.

"After knowing 'these are the things that are the besting'": "These are evil
men." After knowing that "[these are] relying on common"; after knowing the
"relying on the discernment"; after knowing the "stop seeing", he understands,
after measuring, judging, after the difference, and after figuring out." After
knowing that "these are based on".

"Knowing that after Muni was on his way, he was a proponent": "Muni," Munna is
called Wisdom... (Cina) after he was a muni after the dyed net. After Muni knew
"[these are] the common"; after knowing the "stop seeing"; after knowing the
'relying on the usual discerning', after he understood, measured, judged, and
figured out. "He is the inspector." He is the wise man, the wise, the wise, the
wise, the wise, the wise, the wise. For knowing after Muni in IiStop, he is the
inspector. "Knowing as a liberator, he does not come to argue": "After knowing,
after understanding, after measuring, judging, after separation, after finding
out. "The liberator", "the liberator, the liberator, all over the liberated, the
liberated, the good liberated, to do not carry out the exact release:
"Everything is constant" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring,
judging, after the separation, after the separation, after the separation, after
the separation Become a detached, freed, dissociated all over, good relief, in
order to not perform and exactly liberate; "all acts are bitter"... "all law is
without me"... (medium) "any collection is extinction law" know after After
understanding, after measuring, judging, after the difference, after figuring
out to become a separator, liberator, all over the dissociated, the good
liberated, to do not perform the release. To become a liberator after knowing.
"He does not come to argue," he does not argue, does not argue, no dispute, no
argument, no disregard. This is said by Worldman, 'Achwiesenah! This liberated
Bichu does not agree with anything, does not argue what the world says and does
not act. [MN.74]" He did not come to argue to become a liberator after knowing.

"There is no union between the wise and all kinds": """With all sorts", there
are [species] and desires; have an industry with desire, and color; with the
trade of color, and colorless; and Colourless industry, and there are again and
again; and again, and again, and again, and again, and again the birth of the
individual does not coincide, do not gather, do not hold, do not hold, do not
persist. The wise is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the feeling, the
wise, the difference, the wise. For the wise and all sorts do not meet.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Knowing that these are the rest, knowing that after Muni was on his way, he was
a proponent,

He does not come to argue, and the wise does not meet with all sorts."

Statement of the Brawl Scripture Eleventh [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. color → touch → unsatisfactory → wills → love →
   quarreling/worry/angry/doubting/stinging/slow/aliening/delusional.

2. the desire and completion of the person have the future.

12/12/2020 11:15

