11. A statement of the argument
 Second, the statement of the Brawl argument will say:
 97. From where there are many quarrels, sorrow, sorrow along with stingy?
 Slow, extremely slow, along with an alienation, where are there a lot of those? Come on! Please tell you about that.
 "From where there are a lot of brawl arguments": "quarrel", with one line as a quarrel, "argue" is also that. Whosoever argues, it is an argument; all the arguing, it is an argument. Or, in another line, the argue is called the front part of the quarrel. The king argues with the king, Cha Dili and Chatedili, Brahmen and Brahmen, the owner argues with the owner, the mother argues with the son, the son argues with the mother, the father argues with the son, the son argues with his father. Brothers and brothers argue, brothers and sisters argue, sisters and brothers argue, friends and friends argue [MN.13], this is the argument. What is a quarrel? At home enthusiastic stick people quarrel with body and speech, and those who came out of the ring with the body and words to quarrel, this is a quarrel.
 "From where there are a lot of brawl arguments": "quarrels and arguments, from where are there a lot? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root?" "He inquired about the root of the quarrel and the argument; he asked why; he asked why; he asked about birth; he asked about it; he asked what he asked; he asked about food; he asked about the fate; he asked the set, he asked. Begging, asking, and making it clear." To argue from where there are a lot of quarrels.
 "Sadness, sorrow together with stingy": "Sadness", touched by the loss of relatives (unfortunate), or loss of property, disease, ring, see (loss) touch, have (encounter) certain loss, contact with certain bitterness A state of lament, weeping, weeping, weeping, lament, state of sorrow, state of sorrow, speech, useless words, mumbling, weeping, weeping, weeping. "Grief", touched by the loss of relatives, or property, disease, quit, see the loss of contact with certain losses, contact with some grief, grief, grief state of sorrow, grief, internal grief, The internal sorrow, the internal burning, the internal burning, the heart burns, sorrow, sorrow. "Saving stingy", there are five kinds of saving: [right] of the living, the saving of home, the profit of the stingy, praise the stingy, where such a stingy, saving stingy, stingy, stingy, stingy 、Heart clenched state, which is called stingy。 In addition, saving is also a stingy; the world is also stingy; being stingy is also a stingy, which is called stingy." For sorrow, sorrow together with stingy.
 "Slow, Extremely Slow with an Excise": "Slow", here, some by birth, or by surname, or by a good family, or as a Lotus, or property, or by research (acquisition), or by industry, or to Tricks, or impresenchment (academic), or by what is heard, or by argument, or by something that makes it slow. "Extremely slow", here, a certain category of people either by birth, or by surname... (middle) or disdain others with something. "Distinguistic words," here, a certain category of people is a divagonist, he heard from here, and said there to be a divination to these people, or, after he heard it from there, to say here to divescend to those people, like Thus he is the spoiler of peace, the spreading of division, the happy disintegration, the loving of disunity, the loving of disunity, the likes of disunity, and the speaker of the word of disunity, which is called the disperverse. In addition, there are two reasons for the divination: in order to be cute, or to split the desire. How is the desire to become cute to generate disgust? "To this one, I will be lovely, I will become the consensual, I will be close friend, I will become cordial." This is to be a desire to become cute to generate disgust. How is the disperversive word generated by the desire to split? "How these become kinds of things, will become separation, will become divided, will become two, will become contradictory, will become second-faction, break, do not reunion, cause bitterness and unease." This is the disperversive word in the desire to divide." For slow and extremely slow along with an off-line.
 "Where are those many from? Come on! "Tell me about that, ""quarrel, argue, sorrow, grief, stingy, slow, extremely slow, distringent." Where are the eight types of pollution from? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root?" "He asked about the roots of the eight types of pollution; he asked why; he asked why; he asked about birth; he asked about it; he asked.He inquired about food; he inquired about his fate; he asked about the set, and he enquired, and begged, and made it clear. "Where are those many from? Come on! Please tell you about that": "Come on! Please tell you, please explain, please teach, please inform you, please build, please uncover, please parse, please clarify, please explain, please explain." For those from where there are many? Come on! Please tell you about that.
 Because then, the man said:
 "Where is there a lot of quarrels to argue, sorrow, sorrow, and stingy?
 Slow, extremely slow, along with an alienation, where are there a lot of those? Come on! Please tell you about that."
 98. cute there are a lot of quarrels, sorrow, sorrow and stingy,
 Slow and extremely slow along with perverting words, quarrels are ripped yoke, and when the argument arose.
 "Lovely there are a lot of quarrels, sorrow, sorrow together with stingy": "cute", there are two kinds of cute: human beings or all kinds. What is a lovely living? Here, whoever is a mother who is of interest to him, who wants to be good, or a father, or brother, or sister, or son, or daughter, or a friend, or a colleague, or a family, or a blood People, these are cute beings. What are cute lines? The desired colors, the sound of the consensual, the smell of the consensual, the taste of the consensual, the consensual touch, these are lovely lines.
 Lovely things fears are robbed when they quarrel, they also quarrel when robbed, they also quarrel when they have been robbed; cute things fear becomes easy when they brawl, they also brawl when it becomes easy , they also quarrel when it has become easy. Lovely things fears are robbed when they argue, when they are robbed, they argue when they are robbed, and when they have been robbed; when the fears of cute things become easy, they argue that when they have become easy when they also argue. Lovely things fear when they are robbed, they cry when they are robbed, they also cry when they have been robbed; cute things fear becomes easy they cry, when they become easy, when they are eased, when they have become easy And they also weeping. Lovely things fear when they are robbed, when they are robbed, they are also grieved when they are robbed, when they have been robbed; cute things fear becomes easy they sorrow, when they become easy, when they have become easy And they were also grieved. Cute things they guard, protect, take over (hold), cherish (as their own), stingy.
 "Slow, Extremely slow along with the offending": "Stop on cute things to make them slow; after the cute things make them very slow. How is it to make it slow after the cute things? "We are the recipient of the desired color, voice, smell, taste, touch." This is to make it slow after the cute things. How do you rely on cute things to produce extremely slow? "We are the recipients of the desired color, voice, smell, taste, touch, and these others are not the recipients of the desired color, voice, smell, taste, touch." This is the result of cute things to produce extremely slow. "Diversive words," here, a certain category of people are alienates, and when he heard from here, he said there in order to divulence to these people... ." For slow and extremely slow along with an off-line.
 "The quarrel is ripped yoke": """quarrel, argue, sorrow, sorrow, slow, extremely slow, distringent" these seven kinds of pollution are yoke on the stingy, strong yoke, upward yoke, and completely upward yoke." To argue for the quarrel was stinged.
 "and when the argument is born": "When the argument is born, at birth, at birth, birth, at birth, when he appears, when he hears it from here, he speaks there in order to be separated to these people, or He heard from there, and said here in order to disperse them, like this, he is the spoilers of peace, the diffuser of division, those who love disobedience, those who love disobedience, and do not. Speakers, this is called the discourse. In addition, there are two reasons for the divination: in order to be cute, or to split the desire. How is the desire to become cute to generate disgust? "For this, we will become cute, we will become consensual, we will become intimate, we will be close friends, we will become cordial." This is to be a desire to become cute to generate disgust. How is the disperversive word generated by the desire to split? "How these become kinds of things, will become separation, will become divided, will become two, will become contradictory, will become second-faction, break, do not reunion, cause bitterness and unease." This is divided.Aim to generate an interlocutor. There are dispercussions for and when the argument is born.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Lovely there are a lot of quarrels and argue, sorrow, together with saving stingy,
 Slow and extremely slow along with perverting words, quarrels are ripped yoke, and when the argument arose.
 99. Where is the reason for the lovely part of the world: the greedy moving around the world?
 Where is the cause of desire and completion: whoever is the next?
 "Where is the cause of cute in the world": "Where is the cause of cute? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root? He asked about the lovely roots... He asked about the set, he asked, begging, asking, making it clear. Where is the reason for the lovely in the world.
 "Whosoever walks in the world": "The "whoever..." is Chatheli, Brahmen, Bisha, the Sudala, in the family, out of the family, heaven, and "Greed", all the state of greed, greedy, greed, dyed, dyed, greed, greed, greedy and bad root. "Walk", walk, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make survival. "In the world": in the world of bitter worlds, in the world of mankind, in the world of heaven, in the world of wounds, and in the world. For all the greedy walks around the world.
 "Where is the cause of desire and completion": "Where is the cause of desire and completion? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root? He asked the root of the desire and completion... (medium) he asked about the set, he strongly asked, begging, asking, making it clear." For the desire and completion from where is its cause. "Whosoever is in the world": "Whoever has a foundation, a shelter, a refuge, a place of return, and a complete and dependent." For all who have the next life.
 Because then, the man said:
 "Where is the lovely part of the world for its reason: Where is the greedy moving around the world?
 Where is the cause of desire and completion: whoever is the next?"
 100. the lovely intentions of the world are the reason: all the greedy walks around the world,
 The desire and completion are the reasons for it: all who have the next life.
 "Lovely will in the world is its cause": "Wills", whoever desires in the desire, greed of desire, joy of desire, thirst love, desire of love, take of desire, scorching heat, fascination of desire, desire The flare, the yoke of desire, the desired execution, the desire to cover. In addition, there are five intentions: the desire to seek, the will to obtain, the will to receive, the will to store, the will to spend. What is the desire to seek? Here, a certain kind of man is the taker, the beeker, the wills of the living, he seeks all colors... the voices... smells... tastes... all the touches, this is the desire of all. What is the intention of obtaining? Here, a certain kind of person is the taker, the besier, the desire to live, he gets colors... sounds... smells... all tastes... get the touch, this is the desire to gain. What is the intention to use? Here, a certain type of person is the taker, the besier, the wills of the living, he is subject to color... sounds... smells... tastes... by the use of the will. What is the intention of storage? Here, a certain type of man is the picker, the hope, the willed to live, and he is the accumulation of wealth [, thought]: "There will be a disaster." This is the intention of storage. What is the intention of spending? Here, a certain type of man is the taker, the besier, the wills of the living, he makes the property spent on elephant soldiers, horses, soldiers, archers, infantry [, thought]: "These will guard, protect, serve me." This is the intention of spending. "Lovely", there are two kinds of cute: creations or rows... (medium) These are cute creations... (medium) these are cute lines. "Lovely will in the world is its cause": "Lovely will is its cause; will is its set; will is its birth; will be its source." The desire to be lovely in the world is the cause.
 "Whosoever walks in the world": "The "whoever..." is Chatheli, Brahmen, Bisha, the Sudala, in the family, out of the family, heaven, and "Greed", all the state of greed, greedy, greed, dyed, dyed, greed, greed, greedy and bad root. "Walk", walk, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make survival. "In the world": in the worlds of bitterness...." For all the greedy walks around the world.
 "Desire and completion are the reasons for it": desire is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. "Complete", here, when a certain kind of people seek color, he gets color, becomes the finish of color; the voices... smells... all tastes... all the way... family... groups (public)... dwellings ... profit... reputation... praise... music... clothes... feeding... shelter... patient's needs and medical necessities... through... law... Abidamu... Forest wild branch... regular begging... manure sweep Clothing... but three clothes... the second beg... after eating without food... often sit [not lying] branch... everywhere... First Zen... Second Zen... Third Zen... Fourth Zen... Void infinity until... Know the borderless until... Nothing to wait until... When he wants to wait until he gets to wait, to become the completion of what you want to wait until he wants to wait.
 "To cultivate the fields with desire, to sow seeds in desire,
 With the desire to proceed to trade, goods transporters [in] the sea,
 Whosoever I dwell with a desire, my desire [can] succeed." [Thag.530]
 The success of the desire is called completion. "Desire and completion are their reasons from here": "Wish and completion from here will be the cause; will is its set; will is its origin; will be its root cause." For the desire and completion from here is the reason.
 "Whosoever is in the world": "Whoever has a foundation, a shelter, a refuge, a place of return, and a complete and dependent." For all who have the next life.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "The lovely will of the world is the reason: all the greedy walks in the world,
 Desire and completion are the reason for this: all who have the next life."
 101. So where is the cause of intent in the world, and where is it judged from?
 Wrath of false words and doubts, and all that is spoken by Samana?
 "So where is the intention in the world where is its cause": "'Where is the intention of the cause? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root? He asked about the root of intent... He asked about the set, he asked, begging, asking, making it clear." So where the desire in the world is its cause.
 "And where judgment is a lot": "'Where is judgment a lot from? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root? He asked about the root of judgment... He asked about the set, he asked, begging, asking, making it clear." As well as judging from where there is a lot.
 "Wrath of false words and doubts": "Anger" is the anger, hostility, hostility, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, wickedness, evil, the evil of the heart, the evil of the heart, the heart's anger, anger, anger, anger, State of anger, rage, angry, angry, victimized, angry, enraged state, hostility, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure. False words are called false words, doubts are called suspicion." For anger falsehood words and doubts.
 "And whosoever is spoken by Samana": "And whosoever [the law]", who is spoken by anger and falsehood goes through, born, mixed, corresponding, same homology, same destruction, one place, one affinity, the same affinity, these are Called as well as all the law. Or, where those other kinds of, are contaminated by other participation, these are also called as well as by the law. "Said by Samana," said by Samana, who has desolated evil, Brahmen who have rejected the law of evil, the Bichu who has destroyed the polluted roots, has been liberated from all evil and bad roots, is explained, taught, told, Created, uncovered, parsed, articulated, illustrated." For all the ways that are spoken by Samana.
 Because then, the man said:
 "So where is the intention of the world that is its cause, and where is it judged from?
 Wrath of false words and doubts, and all that is spoken by Samana?"
 In the world where they say "consensual, unintended", rely on that to produce will,
 When they see absent and exist in color, men judge in the world.
 "All in the world they say 'the consensual, unconsensual, '" "The consensual", the joy and the things they want. "Undesirable", suffer and undesirable affairs. "In the worldAnd whosoever they say, Whosoever they speak, whosoever they speak, whosoever they say, and whosoever they speak. For all in the world they say "the consensual, the unconsensual."
 "Rely on that produce will": "After relying on the consensual, undesirable; relying on the joy, after suffering; after the joy, worry; after the desired, undesirable; to rely on dear, willed after evil will produce , occurs, is born, born, born, born. Generates will to rely on it.
 "After seeing the absence and existence of color": "in color", four and four big color. What is the presence of color? The existence, birth, generation, birth, birth, birth, appearance, this is the existence of color. What is the absence of color? The extinction, dissipation, destruction, destruction, incontinence, disappear, this is the absence of color. "After seeing absence and presence in color": "presence and absence in color after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, judging, after separation, after identification." To see the absence and presence on the color.
 "Judgment in the world": "Judgment" has two kinds of judgments: the judgment of thirst and the judgment of seeing. What is the judgment of thirsty love? Here, the unborn property of a certain type of person does not start, and the property that has been born has gone through, he thinks: "Why is my unborn property not born, and the property that has been born has gone through?" And he thought: "For the practitioners of wine, fruit wine, and wine relaxation, my unborn property does not start, and the property that has been born goes all over; to the streets that are not suitable for time. For practitioners, my unborn property is not born, and the property has been born all over; for the practice of the exhibitions, my..., for the practice of gambling relaxation, my... for the practice of devoting to gambling My unborn property is not born, and for those who are committed to lazy practice, my unborn property does not come to life; for those who are committed to laziness, my unborn property is not born, and the property has been born Go all over. [DN.31, para. 247] After doing wisdom, he was not close to the vanquity of six properties; he was close to the gainful mouth of six properties, so he was a judgment of thirsty love.
 Or he is a judgment of thirst love by cultivating the fields, or by trading, or cattle, or by king, or by other skills. What is the judgment of opinion? Here, when the eye was born, he realized (know): 'My true and I have been born. ' When the eye was gone, he realized, 'My true and I have disappeared; my true and I have gone. ' This is the judgment of opinion. When the ear... when the nose... when the tongue... when the voice... when the smell... when the touch was born, he realized (know): 'My true I was born. ' When the touch was gone, he realized, 'My true and I have disappeared; my true and I have gone. ' This is also the judgment of the opinion; He gave birth, gave it birth, gave birth, and gave birth to it. "Man" is a human beings, human beings, students, Brahmen... (Central) Monu born. "In the world": in the worlds of bitterness... Judgment for men in the world.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Whoever in the world they say, "The consensual, the unintended," they rely on that to produce will,
 And when they see absent and exist in color, men judge in the world.
 103. Anger false words and doubts, when there are two kinds of laws,
 Doubts should go to school in Zhi Lu, know that after the law was explained by Samana.
 "Wrath of false words and doubts": "Anger is the anger and hostility of the heart like this... (medium) falsehood is called false words, doubts are called suspicion. Anger is born after the desired affairs; fury after relying on unwanted affairs is also born. Dependent on the desired transaction is created after a delusive language; after relying on undesirable transactions also produces a delusive language. After the desired transaction is confused; after relying on unwanted transactions also arise.
 How is anger born after relying on unwanted affairs? Anger is naturally born after relying on undesirable things: 'He has done against me. ' Anger is born; 'He does against me. ' Anger is born; 'He will do against me. ' Wrath is born; 'He has done against whom I love, and to those who agree... will do not. ' Wrath is born; 'He has done good for those who do not love me, and those who disagree... will do good. ' Anger is born, so that anger is born after undesirable affairs.
 How is anger born after relying on the desired affairs? The disquieting of the desired transactionAnger is born when robbed, anger is born when robbed, anger is born when it has been robbed; Anger is born when the fears of want things become easy, and when it becomes easy anger is born, when Anger is also born when it has become easy, so that anger is born after the desired affairs.
 How is it to follow an undesirable business after a vain? Here, a certain type of person is bound by handcuffs, in order to get out of that bondage deliberately falsehood (deliberately false)... or by the tie of a rope... or by the fetters... or by a rattan Bondage... or bound by the bondage of the ganges... or by the bondage of the fence... or by the bondage of the village, town, city state... or by local bondage, in order to The deviations of that bondage deliberately said falsehood, so that it came into vain after relying on undesirable affairs.
 How is it to follow the desired business after a vain? Here, a certain class of people deliberately said falsehood for the reason of the consensual color, for the sound of the [consensual] smell... for the [consensual] taste... for [the] cause of [the] consensual touch... of clothes Because... the reason of the group of food... the reason of sitting equipment... the patient's needs and medical necessities deliberately said falsehood, this is to rely on the desired business.
 What is the question of relying on unwanted transactions? "Will I be out of eye disease? Will I not get out of eye disease? Will I get out of ear disease? Nasal disease... tongue... body disease... head disease... external ear disease... mouth disease... will I get out of tooth disease? Will I not get out of tooth disease? ' This is doubtful after relying on unwanted transactions.
 How is it to be confused after the things that are desirable? "Will I get the color you want? Will I not get the color you want? Will I get the sound of the consenting? ... smells... taste... touched... homes... masses... benefits... reputation... praise... happiness... clothes... feeding... sitting equipment... patient needs and medical necessities. This is the cause of confusion after the things you want." For anger falsehood words and doubts.
 "When there are two kinds of laws": "When there is a consensual, undesirable; when there is joy, bitterness; when there is joy, worries; when there is a desire, undesirable; when there is Dear and evil, when it is known, and when found [all] there." There are these methods for both when there are two.
 "Doubts should go to school in the Chi Road": wisdom is the wisdom road; wisdom is also the wisdom road; the law is born with wisdom is the wisdom road, such as the Holy Road; Heaven is heaven road; Van Dao is Van Lu, so, Chi is the wisdom road; wisdom The origin is also the Zhi Lu; the law born with wisdom is also the wisdom road.
 "Learn", there are three kinds of studies: add quit, add to the heart, add Hui learning. What is Additions? Here, Bichu is a ring bearer who lives in the protection of the home-made porotty forks, is well on the way and the border, seeing horrible in micro-crime, learning after being held in the school. Small ring, big ring is the basis of stop, [self] suppression of behavior, homemade entrance, good law, etc. (reached) the top, which is added to the school. What is Addition Psychology? Here, Bichu from the desire... (middle) to enter after living in [not bitter, by the calm and read all over the net] fourth Zen, which is added to the heart. What is Adosted Wisdom? Here, Bichu is a man of wisdom, with a guide to birth and extinction; holy, insight, the guide of bitterness is completely extinct [the Wisdom], he knows, "This is bitter." ... (medium) to know the truth "This is a sign that leads to bitterness." ... (medium) to know the truth "these are troubles." ... (medium) to know the truth "This is the guide annoyance to destroy the trail." This is the addition of Wisdom.
 "Doubts should go to school in the wisdom road": "The doubts, those who have doubts, confused, doubts, and hesitated, should learn to increase their hearts in order to reach wisdom, in order to reach wisdom, in order to reach wisdom, and in order to testify. Should learn more, these three studies, when facing (notice) should learn; when you know, should learn when seen; should learn when inspecting; be careful to establish (resolve) should learn; when you decide to learn; Should learn when faith wins solution; when energetic efforts should learn; when thinking now should learn; be careful (focus) should learn; when knowing with Hui should learn; when testifying should be known Learning; should learn when knowledge should be known; should learn when disconnected should be cut off; should learn when practicing should be practiced; When testifying should be testified should be learned, should be practiced, Should be goodImplemented, held, should turn up." For the doubters should go to school in Chi Road.
 "Knowing after the methods are explained by Samana": "After Knowing, After Knowing, After Understanding, After Understanding, Measuring, Judgment, After Separation, After Knowing, Explaining, Teach, Being Teach, Being Tested, Tested, Established, Being Unveiled, parsed, articulated, explained: "All lines are uncertain" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, after being told, explained, explained, taught, told, was Established, uncovered, parsed, articulated, explained; 'All deed is bitter '... 'All law is without me'... 'There is no reason for ignorance. '(middle) 'Life is old and dead.' "Destroy with no clarity"... (cl.) "Deaths and old death"... 'This is bittern'... (middle) 'This is the path of the leading bittern'... 'These are troubles'... (middle) 'This is the guide "These laws should be known"... "These laws should be known"... "These laws should be cut off"... 'These laws should be practiced... 'These laws should be practiced... 'These laws should be testified. ' Six touchdowns of the collection, extinction, taste, oversuffering, out... five of the four... "Any set method is extinguished method" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after the separation, after being said 、Be explained, explained, taught, told, established, uncovered, parsed, articulated, illustrated.
 This is said by Worldman, "The Bichu I teach the law of wisdom, not wisdom; I have a reason to teach the law, not cause; I teach the law of God change, no gods, the Bichu! When I teach the law of wisdom, not the witness; I have a reason to teach, not cause; I teach the law of divinity, not change, [my] admonition should be done; the admonition should be done, the Picchu! It is sufficient for you to be satisfied, rejoicing, and delight: Worldworld is a righteous person, and the law is rightly said by [Worldman] that the monks are doers according to the good. [AN.3.126] 'And when this explanation is said, 10,000 worlds vibrate [DN.1, para. 149]. To know after the law was explained by Samana.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Wrath of false words and doubts, when there are both these laws,
 Doubts should go to school in Chi Road, knowing that after the law was explained by Samana.
 104. Where is the cause of consenting and non-consenting? When what doesn't exist these do not exist?
 Whoever does not exist and exists, please tell me where this is the reason.
 "Where is the cause of consenting and unintended": "Where is the cause of consenting and unintended? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root?" "He inquired about the root of the consensual and unintended... He asked the set, he asked, begging, asking, making it clear." For consenting and unsatisfactory from where is its cause.
 "When what does not exist, these do not exist": "When what does not exist, when it is not known, they do not exist, they do not exist, they do not exist, do not happen, do not be born, when not known; Not to be produced, not born, not born." For when what doesn't exist these don't exist.
 "Where does not exist and exist": "What is the consensual, unintended existence? Where the consensual, unintended existence, occurs, it is born, born, born, born, appears, this is the consensual, unintended existence. What is consensual, unintended non-existent? Whosoever the consensual, unintended extinction, dissipation, destruction, vandalism, vandalism, dissipation, dissipation, it is consensual, un "Whosoever is this," he who is the highest of the word. For whoever does not exist with this reason.
 "Tell me where this is its cause": 'This, whosoever I ask; whosoever I beg; whosoever I ask; whosoever I ask; and whosoever makes me clear. "Please tell you, please tell, please explain, please explain, please teach, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain." To ask you to tell me about this. "Wherever is its cause, all its cause, all its set, all its beings, all its roots." To ask you to tell me where this is the reason.
 Because then, the man said:
 "Where is the cause of consenting versus unintended? When what doesn't exist these do not exist?
 Whoever does not exist and exist, please tell me about this from where it isBecause."
 105. Consenting and unintended touches are the reasons for which they do not exist when they do not exist.
 Whoever does not exist and exist, I tell you this from here is its reason.
 "The consensual and unintended touch is the reason": Since it should feel the touch of joy, whosoever it should feel the touch of fun, corresponding to the feeling of the feeling: from the touch of the joy that should feel it is extinguished; it is calmed down. As it should feel the touch of suffering, whosoever should feel the touch of bitterness, corresponds to what it feels: It is extinguished due to the suffering that should feel the touch of suffering; it is calmed down. Because it should feel not bitter to touch not suffer, whoever it should feel the bitterness of the touch, corresponding to the feeling: because it should feel not bitter touch is not happy to suffer it Off; it was calmed down. "Consenting and unintended touch is its cause": "Unintended and unintended contact is its cause; from touch is its set; from touch is its origin; from touch is its source." For consenting and unintended touches are the cause.
 "These do not exist when the touch does not exist": "When touches do not exist, when they are not known, they do not exist, they do not exist, do not exist, do not be born, do not be born, do not be Generate, not born, not born, do not appear." These do not exist when the touch does not exist.
 "The reason for non-existence and existence": "The opinion of existence is its cause; nonexistent opinion is its cause. "Whosoever is this," he who is the highest of the word. For whoever does not exist with this reason.
 "I tell you this from here is its cause": "This, whoever thou inquire; whoever thou beg; whosoever thou plead; whosoever thou plead; whosoever makes thee clear "I tell," "I tell, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret, I explain, I explain." Tell me about this for you. "From here is its cause," from here: Touch is its set; Touch is its birth; touch is its root cause." For me to tell you about this from here is the reason.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Consenting and unintended touches are the reasons for it, and these do not exist when the touch does not exist,
 Whoever does not exist and exists, I tell you this from here is its reason."
 106. So where is the cause of the touch in the world, and where is everything from?
 When nothing does not exist without what I do? When what disappears to be touched?
 "So where is the cause of the touch in the world": "Where is the cause of touch? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root? He asked the root of the touch; he asked why... He asked set, he asked, begging, asking, making it clear. For then where the touch in the world is its cause.
 "And where is everything from": "'Where is everything from? Where was born? From where is it generated? From where was born? Where was born? From where is it appeared? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its life? What is its root? He inquired about the root of everything; he asked why... He asked about the set, he asked, begging, pleking, and making it clear." For as well as everything from where there is a lot.
 "When nothing does not exist, I do not exist": "When what does not exist, when it is not known, when not found, I do not exist, do not exist, not known, not found, disconnected, cut off 、Be calm down、Be stopped、Can not be born、Be burned by wisdom fire。" For when nothing doesn't exist without what I did.
 "When what disappears to touch": "When what disappears; when it does not exist; when it has crossed; when it has been crossed; touch not touched when overcome." To touch when nothing disappears.
 Because then, the man said:
 "So where is the cause of the touch in the world, and where is everything from?
 When nothing does not exist without what I do? When what disappears to touch?"
 107. due to the name and color touch, want the reason to have everything,
 When I don't want to exist without what I do, when the color is clear does not touch.
 "Because of the name and color touch": because of the eye and color, the three meet and touch, eye and color in the color (belongs to the color of the color), in addition to eye touch, there are corresponding methods in the name (belongs to the name ), so that due to the name and color touch. Born from ears and soundsKnow, the three meet and touch, ears and sounds in color (belong to the sound of color), in addition to the ear touch, there are corresponding methods in the name, so, due to the name and color touch. Born from the nose and smell, the three meet and touch, nose and smell in color, in addition to the nasal touch, there are the corresponding methods in the name, so, due to the name and color touch. Due to the tongue and taste, the three meet and touch, tongue and taste in color, in addition to the tongue touch, there are the corresponding methods in the name, so, due to the name and color touch. Because of the body and the touch is born, the three meet and touch, body and in the color of the touch, in addition to touching, there are the corresponding methods in the name, so, due to the name and color touch. Because of meaning and law born consciousness, the three meet and touch, [meaning] according to the color [heart; heart] in color, colored methods in color, in addition to intentional touch, there are corresponding methods in the name, so , due to the name and color touch.
 "The reason for wanting has everything": want to be called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots. "Owners'," there are two types of belongings: [for] the thirst of love and the [because] see all... (medium) this is the thirst for all... (medium) this is all things seen. "The reason for wanting has everything": "Everything wants for its cause, want for its cause, want as its cause, want as its cause, want as its cause, and want as its root." There is everything for the reason you want.
 "When I do not want to exist": want to be called thirsty love, it is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. "I do", there are two kinds of things I do: [for] the thirst I do with the [because] I see... (medium) This is what I do with the thirst of love... This is what I do to see. "When I want to not exist, I do not exist": "When I want to not exist, when it is not known, when not found, I do not exist, do not exist, not known, not found, disconnected, cut off 、Be calm down、Be stopped、Can not be born、Be burned by wisdom fire。" To do without me when I want to not exist.
 "When the color is clear to touch": "color", four and four colors made, "when the color is clear", with four lines of color is clear: known, to measure clearly, to cut off, to pass Clear. How is the color known to be known? He knew the color: "Any color, all color is the four and the four." He knew, and he saw, so it was made known in the color of what was known.
 How is it understood in terms of measurement? As such known, he measures the constant, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, woe, sickness, on the other side, the spoilt, calamity, evil, evil, horror, evil, the moving, vulnerable , not solid, no refuge, no refuge, no return, reluctant, hypocritical, empty, without me, overly, prone, false, unfortunate root, murderer, nothing, troubles, there is something , magic food (bait), survival law, old law, disease law, death, sorrow and grief despair law, pollution law, gather, extinct, fun, too, too, out, so is to measure clearly as the color is clear.
 How is it made clear in the color of the cut off? Then measure the desire of color, and greed him off, dispel, and end, and make it come to absent. This was said by Worldman, "The Bichu And whosoever is about the desires and greed of the color shall be cut off, so that it shall be cut off, and the root shall be cut off, like a palm tree without roots, and a behaves for the future. [SN.22.25]" This is made clear in the color of the cut off.
 How is it made clear by passing through the color? The colors of the four colorless wait to be known (disappeared), clarified (destroyed [the following example]), crossed, crossed, overcame, so that they were made clear in the color of the passage of clarity. These four lines are known as color.
 "When the color is clear": "When the color is clear; when it is clear; when crossed; when crossed; when overcome five touches: eye touch, ear touch, nose touch, tongue, touch." To touch when the color has disappeared.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Because of the name and color touch, the reason for wanting has everything,
 When I want to be absent without me, when the color is clear, not touched."
 108. How is it clear for the author? How do you understand the joy and bitter?
 Please tell me about this. May we know this: like this is what I mean.
 "How to clarify the color for the author": "How about the author"How about the person (for the author [the following rules]); how the walker is; how the doer is; how to make it turn; how the guardian is; how to make it last; how to make it clear to those who survive; make it be Figure out; be crossed; overtaken; overcome." How to clarify the color for the author.
 "How to understand joy and bitterness": "How to understand joy and bitterness; make it clear; be crossed; overcome." For also how to understand the joy and bitter.
 "Tell me about this understanding": 'This', 'Whosoever I inquire; all I beg; whosoever I ask; whosoever I ask; and whosoever makes me clear. For this. "Please tell me, please tell me, please tell me, please explain, please teach, please tell, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain." To ask you to tell me about this. "About clarity", about understanding to make it clear, crossed, crossed, overcome. To ask you to tell me about this clearly.
 "May we know this: as this is my intention": "'May we know this, ''May we know this; let us know; let us know; let us not; may we know; may we be sure; may we pass through." To wish we know this. 'Like this is my intention', like this is my intention; like this is my heart; like this is my intention; and like this is my consciousness." May we know this: like this is what I mean.
 Because then, the man said:
 "How is it clear for the author? How do you understand the joy and bitter?
 Please tell me about this, and may we know this: like this is what I mean."
 109. He is a thinker, a non-imaginable, not a thinker, or a person who wants to disappear.
 This makes it clear for the author, because the false name wants to be the cause.
 "He is a thinker, not a thinker": "A thinker is called a person who wants to live in the ordinary (natural), but he is not a man who wants to live in the usual. A thinker is called the insane and anyone who is confused, but he is not a crazy man, nor a messy man." For him is a thinker, non-imaginable.
 "Neither the unwittless, not wanting to disappear": "The unwanted is called the one who enters [wait to] and whoever does not want to be born, but he is not into extinction [wait to], nor does he want to be He who wants to disappear is called the one of four colorless to wait, but he is not the recipient of four colorless wait to wait." For those who do not want to disappear.
 "For the author so clear": "Here, Bichu is disconnected... (middle) he entered into the fourth Zen of... when the heart was so fixed, clean, purified, unfilthless, away from the heathen The, plastic, suitable for work, standing, arriving at the same time, in order to the void boundless to get, he pulled out the heart to turn colourless props enough." For the author; the walker so; the actor so; make it turn; the guardian so; make it persistent; make it clear; make it clear; be crossed; was crossed; was overtaken; was Overcoming." To make it clear for the author.
 "For the false name wants to be its cause": "False is the name of falsehood: the false name of thirst love, the name of the false, the name of the slow falsehood, want to be its cause; want to be its set; want to be its origin; think it is its cause. " Because the false name wanted to be the cause.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "He is a thinker, a thinker, a thinker, nor the unwittful, he wants to disappear,
 It is so clear for the author, because the false name wants to be its cause."
 110. where we ask you you tell us, we have to ask you the other, come! Please tell you about that,
 Do some of the wise men here tell about this range: the first cleanliness of Yasha, or do they say anything else?
 "Whosoever we ask thee thou speak for us": "Whosoever we inquire about thee, and whosoever we beg, that we ask, makes us clear. "You tell us" is told, explained, explained, taught, taught, built, uncovered, parsed, articulated, illustrated." For whoever we ask you you tell us.
 "We want to ask you the other, come on! "Tell you about it": "We will ask you other; we will beg thee for others; we will ask thee others; we want you to make others clear; and we will ask thee the better. "Come on! Tell me about that, come on! Please tell you; please explain; please teach; please inform; please you build; please you uncover; please interpret; please clarify; please explain." For usTo ask you the other, come on! Please tell you about that.
 "Did some wise men here tell about this range: the first cleanliness of Yasha": "Some Samana and Brahmen said, Tell, talk, explain, say, speak, say, say, and say that this colorless is the first and most victorious, The winning, the top, the top, the top, the top. Yasha, the human, the student of Brahmen, human, personal, of life, to the born, to the indra, to the Indra, of the Monu. "Clean", pure, clean, all over pure; detach, release, disengagement. "The wise men here", the wise sayers here, those who are firmly speaking, those who have [] methods, those who have a reason, [have] special words, [have] grounds, and those who have a basis, Yourself advocates as possible talkers." To whether some of the wise men here tell about this range: Yasha's first purification.
 "Or do they say other things?": "Or some Samana, Brahmen they cross, cross, overcome these colorless, wait to say, tell, talk, explain, say, say, say this colorless, etc. There are others above. Yasha's pure, clean, all pure; disengagement, relief, disengagement?" For or do they say anything else?
 Because then, the man said:
 "Whoever we ask you you tell for us, we will ask you the other, come! Please tell you about that,
 Do some of the wise men here tell about this range: the first cleanliness of Yasha, or do they say anything else?"
 111. There are some wise men here who tell about this range: the first purification of Yasha,
 But they belong to some of them who claim to be good, and they tell them that there is no remnant.
 "There are some wise men here who tell about this range: the first cleanliness of Yasha": "There are some Samana and Brahmen who are everlasting theists, they say, tell, talk, explain, say, say this colorless, etc. The first, the most winning, the winning, the top, the top, the top, the top. Yasha, the human, the student of Brahmen, human, personal, of life, to the born, to the indra, to the Indra, of the Monu. "Clean", pure, clean, all over pure; detach, release, disengagement. "The wise men here", the wise sayers here, those who are firmly speaking, those who have [] methods, those who have a reason, [have] special words, [have] grounds, and those who have a basis, Yourself advocates as possible talkers." For some wise men here tell about this range: the first purification of Yasha.
 "But it belongs to some of them who claim to be good, and they tell them that there are no remnants of Samana, Brahmen, some of whom are discidents, and those who fear, and they rejoice nothing. They told 'Silence, Silence, Silence, Calm, Destroy, Stop, 'Sir! Whoever has been destroyed and disappeared since the disintegration of my body, there was no remnant after death." "Declares the good", the sayer of the sayer, the wise speaking, the strong speaking, the [with] method, the [with] reason, the speaker of [with] a special feature, and the [with] basis 、To speak of their own claims as possible。" For the sake of some of them who claim to be good, they tell them that there is no remnant.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Some wise men here tell about this range: the first purification of Yasha,
 But it belongs to some of them who claim to be good, and they tell them that there is no remnant."
 112. Knowing that "these are the rest", he knew that after Muni was on his way, he was an inspector,
 He does not come to argue, and the wise does not meet all sorts.
 "After knowing 'these are the things that are the besting'": "These are evil men." After knowing that "[these are] relying on common"; after knowing the "relying on the discernment"; after knowing the "stop seeing", he understands, after measuring, judging, after the difference, and after figuring out." After knowing that "these are based on".
 "Knowing that after Muni was on his way, he was a proponent": "Muni," Munna is called Wisdom... (Cina) after he was a muni after the dyed net. After Muni knew "[these are] the common"; after knowing the "stop seeing"; after knowing the 'relying on the usual discerning', after he understood, measured, judged, and figured out. "He is the inspector." He is the wise man, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise. For knowing after Muni in IiStop, he is the inspector. "Knowing as a liberator, he does not come to argue": "After knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after separation, after finding out. "The liberator", "the liberator, the liberator, all over the liberated, the liberated, the good liberated, to do not carry out the exact release: "Everything is constant" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after the separation, after the separation, after the separation, after the separation Become a detached, freed, dissociated all over, good relief, in order to not perform and exactly liberate; "all acts are bitter"... "all law is without me"... (medium) "any collection is extinction law" know after After understanding, after measuring, judging, after the difference, after figuring out to become a separator, liberator, all over the dissociated, the good liberated, to do not perform the release. To become a liberator after knowing. "He does not come to argue," he does not argue, does not argue, no dispute, no argument, no disregard. This is said by Worldman, 'Achwiesenah! This liberated Bichu does not agree with anything, does not argue what the world says and does not act. [MN.74]" He did not come to argue to become a liberator after knowing.
 "There is no union between the wise and all kinds": """With all sorts", there are [species] and desires; have an industry with desire, and color; with the trade of color, and colorless; and Colourless industry, and there are again and again; and again, and again, and again, and again, and again the birth of the individual does not coincide, do not gather, do not hold, do not hold, do not persist. The wise is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the feeling, the wise, the difference, the wise. For the wise and all sorts do not meet.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Knowing that these are the rest, knowing that after Muni was on his way, he was a proponent,
 He does not come to argue, and the wise does not meet with all sorts."
 Statement of the Brawl Scripture Eleventh [Completed].


Excerpt:
 1. color → touch → unsatisfactory → wills → love → quarreling/worry/angry/doubting/stinging/slow/aliening/delusional.
 2. the desire and completion of the person have the future.
 12/12/2020 11:15