11. Explanation of the quarrel

Secondly, the explanation of the quarrel and argument will say:

97. Where are there many quarrels and arguments, weeping, sadness and
    stinginess?

slow, extremely slow, and divorce, where are there many? come on! Please tell me
about that.

"Where are there many quarrels and arguments": "Quarrels" are quarrels based on
one behavior, and "arguments" are the same. Anyone who argues is a quarrel;
whoever argues is a quarrel. Or, in another way, arguing is called the first
part of the quarrel. King arguing with king, Kshatriya arguing with Kshatriya,
Brahman arguing with Brahman, homeowner arguing with homeowner, mother arguing
with son, son arguing with mother, father arguing with son, son arguing with
father, brother arguing with brother , Brothers argue with sisters, sisters
argue with brothers, friends argue with friends [MN.13], this is an argument.
What is a quarrel? Those who are keen on clubs at home quarrel with their bodies
and words, and those who violate precepts quarrel with their bodies and words.
This is a quarrel.

"Where are there many quarrels and arguing": "Where are there many quarrels and
quarrels? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where
are they born? Where are they born? What are their causes? What It is the
collection? What is its birth? What is its root?" "He inquired about the root of
quarrel and argument; he inquired about the reason; he inquired about the cause;
he inquired about the arising; he inquired about the generation; he inquired and
waited; he inquired about food; he Inquiring about the fate; he inquiring about
the fate; he inquiring about the collection, he forcibly inquired, begged,
requested, and made it clear." There are many quarrels and quarrels.

"Weeping, sorrow and stinginess": "Weeping, being touched by the loss
(unfortunate) of the relatives, or touched by the loss (loss) of property,
disease, guilt, or sight, possessing (encountering) certain losses, contacting
certain A sufferer has the state of lamenting, weeping, weeping, weeping,
lamenting, weeping, speech, useless words, muttering, weeping, tearing, and
weeping. "Sorrow" is touched by the loss of the relatives. , Or the loss of
property, disease, vows, or sights is touched, and those who have (encountered)
certain losses, contact with certain sufferings have a state of sorrow, sorrow,
sorrow, internal sorrow, internal sorrow, internal burning, The internal
burning, the heart burning, sorrow, and sorrow. There are five kinds of
stinginess: [to] stinginess of residence, stinginess of home, stinginess of
gain, stinginess of praise, stinginess of law, everything like this This is
called stingy, stingy, stingy appearance, stingy state, greedy, stingy, petty,
and heart-clutched state. This is called stingy. In addition, stingy is also
stingy; world stingy is also stingy; stingy is also stingy, which is called
stingy Be stingy." For weeping, sadness and stingy.

"Slow and extremely slow with divorce": ""Slow", here, some are born, or by
surname, or by good family, or as beautiful as a lotus, or by property, or by
research (acquisition), or Karma, or craftsmanship, or illuminating (academic),
or hearing, or arguing, or something to slow down its production. "Extremely
slow", here, a certain type of people may be born, or By surname... (omitted) or
scorn others with something. "Separated language", here, a certain type of
person is a divorced speaker. After he heard it from here, he would say there to
separate these people, or, from where he After I heard it, I said here in order
to divorce those people, like this, he is the destroyer of harmony, the spreader
of division, the disagreeable, the disagreeable, the disagreeable, the
disagreeable speaker, This is called a divorced speaker. In addition, divorced
words are produced for two reasons: to be cute with desire, or to split desires.
How to produce divorced from desire to be cute? "For this one, I will Be cute, I
will be desirable, I will be close, I will be close friend, and I will be kind."
In this way, desire to become cute produces divorced language. How to produce
divorced language from split desire? How will these become all kinds of, will
become separation, will become split, will become two kinds, will become
contradictions, will become two factions, breaking, not meeting, living in
suffering and restlessness." This is the desire for division. Produce divorce."
means slow, extremely slow and divorce.

"Where are there many of those from? Come on! Please tell about that": ""Where
do the eight kinds of pollution, "quarrel, argument, weeping, sadness, stingy,
slow, extremely slow, and divorce", come from a lot? Where do they get born?
Where are they born? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where are they
born? What is its cause? What is its collection? What is its birth? What is its
root?" "He asked about the roots of these eight kinds of pollution ; He asks the
reason; he asks the reason; his question arises; his question arises; he asks
and waits; He inquired about food; he inquired about fate; he inquired about
fate; he inquired about collection, he inquired, begged, requested and made it
clear. "Where do those come from? Come on! Please tell that": "Come on! Please
tell, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover,
please analyze, Please clarify, please clarify." Where are many of those from?
come on! Please tell me about that.

Because of that, Huaren said:

"Where are there a lot of quarrels and arguments, weeping, sadness and
stinginess?

slow, extremely slow, and divorce, where are there many? come on! Please tell me
about that. "

98. Lovely, there are many quarrels and arguments, weeping, sad and stingy,

Slow, extremely slow, together with divorce, quarrels and arguments are stingy
on the yoke, and there are divorces when disputes arise.

"Lovely has a lot of quarrels, weeping, sadness and stinginess": "Lovely", there
are two kinds of cuteness: beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here,
wherever they are a mother, or father, or brother, or sister, or son, or
daughter, or friend, or colleague, or relatives who want to be beneficial to
him, or who want to be beneficial, or who want to stay away from the yoke, Or
those with blood, these are lovely beings. What are cute lines? Desirable
colors, desirable sounds, desirable smells, desirable flavors, desirable
touches, these are lovely behaviors.

They quarrel when cute things are suspected of being robbed, they also quarrel
when they are robbed, and they also quarrel when they have been robbed; they
quarrel when cute things are suspected to change, and they quarrel when they
change. They also quarrel when changing. They argue when cute things are afraid
of being robbed, they also argue when they are robbed, and they also argue when
they have been robbed; they argue when they are afraid of change, they also
argue when they change, and they also argue when they change. . They weep when
cute things are suspected of being robbed, they cry when they are robbed, and
they cry when they have been robbed; they mourn when cute things change, and
they cry when they change, and they cry when they change. . They are sad when
cute things are suspected to be robbed, they are also sad when they are robbed,
they are also sad when they have been robbed; they are sad when cute things are
changed, they are also sad when they are changed, and they are also sad when
they are changed. . They guard, protect, take (control), cherish (as their own)
and save the cute things.

"Slow, extremely slow and divorced words": "Depending on cute things makes them
slow; depending on cute things makes them very slow. How to depend on cute
things to make them slow? "We are Desirable colors, sounds, smells, tastes, and
touches." This is to slow down the production of cute things. How can we rely on
the cute things to produce extremely slow? "We are the desired color? , Sounds,
smells, tastes, touched recipients, and these other people are not desirable
color, sound, smell, taste, touched recipients." This is to rely on cute things
and make them very slow." Here, a certain type of people are divorced speakers.
After he heard it from here, he would say there in order to divorce these
people... (Omitted) This is the desire for division to produce divorced {...
(Omitted)} "." Is slow, extremely slow and divorced.

"Quarrels, arguing, and yokes are yoke": ""Quarrel, arguing, weeping, sorrow,
slow, extremely slow, and divorce" These seven pollutions are yoke, strong,
yoke, and yoke completely . "Being miserly yoke for arguing.

"And when a dispute arises, there are divorced words": "When a dispute arises,
when it arises, when it is born, when it is born, when it appears, it produces a
divorce: He hears from here and speaks there in order to separate these people,
or, After he heard from there, he said here in order to divorce those people,
like this, he is the destroyer of harmony, the spreader of division, the
disagreeable, the disagreeable, the disagreeable, the disagreeable. The speaker,
this is called the divorced speaker. In addition, divorced speech is produced
for two reasons: to be cute with desire, or to split desires. How to produce
divorced with desire to be cute? "For this one , We will become lovely, we will
become desirable, we will become intimate, we will become close friends, we will
become gracious." This way, the desire to become lovely produces the separation
language. How to produce separation with the desire to divide "How can these
become all kinds of things, separation, separation, two kinds, two kinds of
contradictions, two kinds of factions, breakup, no reunion, suffering and
uneasiness." SplitDesire produces divorce. "For and when disputes arise, there
are dilemmas.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Lovely, there are a lot of quarrels and arguments, weeping, sad and stingy,

Slow, extremely slow, together with divorce, quarrels and arguments are stingy
on the yoke, and there are divorces when disputes arise. "

99. Where is the cause of the loveliness in the world: Where are the greedy
    people walking around in the world?

Where is the reason for wish and fulfillment: Anyone who has an afterlife?

"Where does the cuteness in the world come from?": "Where does the cuteness come
from? Where does it come from? Where does it come from? Where is it born? Where
does it come from? Where does it appear? What is The reason? What is its
collection? What is its life? What is its root?" He asked about the lovely
root... (Omitted) He asked, he asked, begged, requested, and made it clear."
Where is its cuteness?

"Everyone who is greedy walks around in the world": "The "what..." are
Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, lay family, monk, heaven, and person.
"Greed", the state of all greed, greed, and greed , The state of being greedy,
tainted, and tainted, greedy, greedy and unwholesome. "Walk", walk, live, act,
turn, guard, survive, and survive. "In the world": In the world of suffering,
The world of mankind, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of
realms, the world of places." For the greedy people walk in the world.

"Where is the cause of desire and fulfillment?": "Where is the cause of desire
and fulfillment? Where do they arise? Where do they arise? Where are they born?
Where are they born? Where do they appear? What is it? Cause? What is its
collection? What is its birth? What is its root?" He asked about the root of
desire and fulfillment... (omitted) He asked about the collection, he asked,
begged, requested, and made it clear." Where it is done is the cause. "Anyone
who has an afterlife": "Anyone who has an afterlife, a refuge, a refuge, a place
of refuge, completion and an afterlife." For all people who have an afterlife.

Because of that, Huaren said:

"Where is the cuteness in the world? Where is the reason: where the greedy walks
in the world?

Where is the reason for wish and fulfillment: Anyone who has an afterlife? "

100. The cuteness in the world is its cause: everyone who is greedy walks around
     in the world,

Wish and fulfillment is its cause from here: everyone who has an afterlife.

"The lovely desire in the world is its cause": "Desire", all the desires of the
desires, the greed of the desires, the joy of the desires, the thirst of the
desires, the love of the desires, the desires of the desires, the desires
Anxiety, obsession with desire, torrent of desire, yoke (binding) of desire,
clinging to desire, cover of desire. In addition, there are five kinds of
desires: the desire to seek, the desire to obtain, the desire to receive, the
desire to store, and the desire to spend. What is the desire to ask? Here, a
certain type of people is precisely the taker, the hoper, and the one who has
the desire to be born. He seeks all the colors... all the sounds... all the
smells... all the tastes... all the touches. This is the desire of all seeking.
What is the desire to acquire? Here, a certain type of person is just the taker,
the hoper, and the one who desires to be born. He acquires all colors...all
sounds...all smells...all tastes...all touches. This is the desire to acquire.
What is the desire to be used? Here, a certain type of person is the taker, the
hoper, and the aspirant. He receives the colors... the sounds... the smells...
the tastes... the touches. This is the desire to use. What is the intention of
storage? Here, a certain type of person is precisely the one who takes the
author, the one who hopes, the one who desires to be born, he is the
accumulation of property [, thought]: "There will be disasters." This is the
desire to store. What is the intention to spend? Here, a certain type of people
is the taker, the hoper, and the survivor. He spends his money on elephant
soldiers, horse soldiers, chariot soldiers, archers, and infantry [, I thought]:
"These will guard, protect, and serve Me." This is the desire to spend.
"Lovely", there are two kinds of lovely: living beings or deeds... (slightly
omitted) these are lovely sentient beings...(slightly omitted) these are lovely
deeds. "The cute desire in the world is its cause": "The cute desire is its
cause; the desire is its collection; the desire is its birth; the desire is its
root." The cute desire in the world is its cause.

"Everyone who is greedy walks around in the world": "The "what..." are
Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, lay family, monk, heaven, and person.
"Greed", the state of all greed, greed, and greed , The state of being greedy,
tainted, tainted, greedy, greedy and unwholesome. "Walk", walk, live, act, turn,
guard, survive, and survive. "In the world": In the world of suffering... …
(Omitted) in the world. "For those who are greedy, walk around in the world.

"Wish and fulfillment is the cause here": Wish is called craving, which is
greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome
roots. "Complete", here, when a certain type of person seeks various colors, he
gets the color and becomes the one who completes the color; the voices... the
smells... the tastes... the touches [... the dhammas]... home... Group
(congregation)... Housing... Gain... Reputation... Praise... Music... Clothes...
Food... Housing... Patient's necessities and medical necessities... Sutta...
Law... Abhidhamma... Lin Yezhi... often begging for food... dung sweeping
clothing... but three clothing... second time begging for food... not eating
after eating... often sitting [not sleeping]... ...The second jhana...the third
jhana...the fourth jhana...wait until the void is boundless...wait until the
boundless knowledge...wait until there is nowhere...when he asks for nothing and
wants to wait everywhere. Obtain the non-ideal and non-ideal and wait until,
become the one who completes the non-ideal and non-ideal and waiting.

"Plowing the fields with wishes, sowing seeds with wishes,

embarked on trade with a wish, the transporter of goods [in] the sea,

Whoever I stand by wish, my wish [can] succeed. "[Thag.530]

The success of a wish is called completion. "Wish and fulfillment is its cause
from here": "Wish and fulfillment is its cause from here; desire is its
collection; desire is its life; desire is its root." From here is desire and
fulfillment is its cause.

"Anyone who has an afterlife": "Anyone who has an afterlife, a refuge, a refuge,
a place of refuge, completion, and an afterlife."

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The cuteness in the world is its cause: where the greedy walks in the world,

Wish and fulfillment is its cause from here: everyone who has an afterlife. "

101. So where is the desire in the world as its cause, and where is there a lot
     of judgment?

Angry, false words and doubts, as well as all the dhamma spoken by Samana?

"Then where does the desire in the world come from?": "Where does the desire
come from? Where does it arise? Where does it arise? Where is it born? Where
does it arise? Where does it appear? What is it? Cause? What is its collection?
What is its life? What is its root?" He asks about the root of desire...
(omitted) He asks, he asks, begs, asks, and makes it clear." It is the one in
the world. Where is the intention from?

"And where are there many judgments": ""Where do judgments come from? Where are
they born? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where
are they born? What are their causes? What are their causes? What is its life?
What is its root?" He asked about the root of judgment... (omitted) He asked
about the collection, he asked, begged, asked, and made it clear." There are
many reasons and judgments.

"Anger's false words and doubts": "'Anger' is anger, hostility, disgust,
hostility, anger, anger, anger, aversion, anger, evil, heart aversion, aversion,
etc. The state of anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, aggression, anger,
irritated state, hostility, hostility, cruel anger, anger, displeasedness of the
heart. False words are called lie. , Doubt is called Doubt." For anger, false
speech and doubt.

"And all the dhammas spoken by Samana": ""And all the [all dhammas]", all those
who are spoken by anger and falsehood will walk with doubts, co-exist,
intermingle, correspond, co-exist, co-exist, and have the same place of
dependence , The same object, these are called the and all dhammas. Or, all
those other kinds of pollution that are polluted by other participation, these
are also called the and all dhammas. "Said by the Samana", the evil has been
quelled Samana, Brahmins who have rejected evil, Bhikkhus who have destroyed the
roots of pollution, those who have freed all evil and unwholesome roots said,
were explained, explained, taught, told, established, uncovered, analyzed, and
Explained, explained." For all the dhammas that Samana said.

Because of that, Huaren said:

"Then where is the desire in the world the cause, and where is the judgment?

anger, false statements and doubts, and all the dhamma spoken by Samana? "

102. In the world, where they say "what is desirable or undesirable", they rely
     on that to generate desire,

After seeing non-existence and existence in physical form, people make judgments
in the world.

"In the world where they say "desirable, undesirable"": ""desirable", pleasant
and desirable affairs. "unpleasant", suffering and undesirable affairs." In the
worldEverything they say", everything they say, everything they tell, everything
they talk, everything they explain, everything they say. "This is where they say
"what is desirable and undesirable" in the world.

"Rely on that to generate desire": "Rely on the desirable and undesirable queen;
rely on the joy and suffering; rely on the joy and sorrow; rely on the desirable
and undesirable; rely on the love , After disgust, the desire arises, occurs, is
arisen, is produced, is born, and is born." In order to rely on that to produce
desire.

"After seeing non-existence and existence in form": "in form", the four elements
and the four elements. What is the existence of color? The existence, arising,
production, birth, birth, and appearance of all forms are the existence of form.
What is the non-existence of color? The extinction, dissipation, destruction,
destruction, impermanence, and disappearance of all forms are the non-existence
of form. "After seeing non-existence and existence in color": "After seeing,
seeing, after seeing, after measuring, after judging, after separating, and
clarifying the existence and non-existence in color." It means seeing
non-existence and existence in color Rear.

"In the world, people make judgments": ""Judgment", there are two kinds of
judgments: the judgment of craving and the judgment of seeing. What is the
judgment of craving? Here, the property that a certain kind of person has not
arisen does not arise, and has already The property that has arisen went to the
end, he thought this way: "Why don't my unborn property arise, and the property
that has arisen has gone to the end?" He thought again: "For the dedication of
wine, fruit wine, wine For the practitioner [of me], my unborn property does not
arise, and the property that has arisen is exhausted; for the practitioner who
is committed to the street that is not suitable for time, my unborn property
does not arise , And the wealth that has arisen has gone everywhere; for the
practitioners who linger on the exhibition, my..., for the practitioners who are
committed to gambling and relaxation, my... is for the practitioners who are
committed to evil friends In other words, my unborn property does not arise, and
the property that has arisen is exhausted; for the practitioner who is committed
to laziness, my ungenerated property does not arise, and the property that has
arisen is exhausted.[ DN.31, paragraph 247]" After doing this wisely, he does
not get close to the failures of the six properties; to get close to the gains
of the six properties, this is a judgment of eagerness.

Or, he plows the field, or buys and sells, or grazes cattle, or kings, or uses
other skills to practice (action), which is also a judgment of thirst. What is
the judgment of seeing? Here, when the eyes have arisen, he realizes (knows):
"My true self has arisen. When his eyes disappeared, he realized: "My true self
has disappeared; my true self has gone. "This is a judgment to see. When the
ears... the nose... the tongue... the body... the color... the sound... the
taste... the smell... when the touch has arisen, he realizes (knows): "My true
self Has arisen. When the touch had disappeared, he realized: "My true self has
disappeared; my true self has gone. "This is also the judgment of seeing; he
causes it to arise, to produce, to produce, to produce. "Humans" are all beings,
human beings, student Brahmins... (omitted) those born of Manu. "In the world":
In the world of the suffering world... (omitted) in the world. "For people in
the world to make judgments.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"In the world, where they say "what is desirable and undesirable", they rely on
that to generate their desires,

After seeing non-existence and existence in physical form, people make judgments
in the world. "

103. When there are two kinds of anger, false statements and doubts, there are
     these methods,

The doubter should learn it on the wisdom road, and after knowing it, the
dhammas are explained by Samana.

"Anger, false words and doubts": ""Anger" is anger and hostility like this...
(abbreviated) false words are called false words, doubts are called doubts. Rely
on things that people want Then anger arises; anger also arises after reliance
on undesirable things. Lios arise after reliance on undesirable affairs; Lios
also arise after reliance on undesirable affairs. Dependence makes people want
Doubts arose after the affairs of others; doubts arose after reliance on
undesirable affairs.

How is anger aroused after relying on undesirable affairs? After reliance on
undesirable matters, anger naturally arises: "He has been against me. "Anger is
aroused; "He's acting against me. "Anger is aroused; "He will act against me.
"Anger is aroused; "He has acted against my beloved, the one who agrees...
against...will do against. "Anger is aroused; "He has been doing favors to my
unlovers and unsatisfactory... doing favors... will do favors. Anger is aroused,
so anger is aroused after relying on undesirable affairs.

How is anger aroused after relying on a desirable task? SuspiciousAnger is
raised when being robbed, anger is also raised when being robbed, anger is also
raised when robbed; anger is raised when things that make people want to change,
anger is raised when things change, when Anger is also aroused when it has
changed. In this way, anger is aroused after relying on the desired business.

How do you get ridiculous after relying on undesirable affairs? Here, a certain
type of person is bound by the shackles of handcuffs, and deliberately said vain
(say deliberate vain) for the sake of that detachment...or tied by the
ropes...or tied by the shackles...or tied by the vines. ...Or tied by the
shackles of the Geman...or tied by the shackles thrown in...or tied by the
shackles of the fence...or tied by the shackles of the villages, towns, cities
and countries...or tied by the shackles of the locality, for that shackle
Departure from deliberately saying falsehood, this is to rely on undesirable
affairs to produce falsehood.

How do you get ridiculous after relying on something you want? Here, a certain
kind of people deliberately speak vain for the reason of the desirable color,
for the desirable voice...for the [desirable] smell...for the [desirable]
taste...for the reason for the [desirable touch]...clothing Because of... the
cause of the group meal... the cause of the sitting equipment... the patient's
needs and medical necessities are deliberately vain, which is to rely on the
desired affairs and produce lie.

How can doubt arise after reliance on undesirable affairs? "Will I get rid of
eye disease? Will I not get rid of eye diseases? Will I get rid of ear problems?
Nasal disease...tongue disease...body disease...head disease...outer ear
disease...mouth disease...will I get away from tooth disease? Will I not get rid
of dental disease? "This is a question that arises after relying on undesirable
affairs.

How can doubt arise after relying on a desired business? "Will I get the color
that I want? Will I not get the desired color? Will I get a satisfactory voice?
...Smell...taste...touched...home...people...housing...famous...famous...praise...happy...clothing...feeding...beds...patients'
necessities and medical necessities . "This is a question that arises after
relying on something you want. "Speaking and doubting for anger and falsehood.

"When there are two kinds of things, there are these laws": "When there are
agreeable and undesirable; when there is happiness and suffering; when there is
joy and sorrow; when there is a want and a person When you don't want it; when
there is love and hatred, when you are known, when you are discovered [both]
exist." Because there are these dhammas when there are two.

"The doubter should learn on the way of wisdom": Wisdom is the way of wisdom;
the object of wisdom is also the way of wisdom; the Dhamma that arises with
wisdom is also the way of wisdom, as the holy way is the holy way; the way of
heaven is the way of heaven; the way of Brahman In this way, wisdom is the path
of wisdom; the object of wisdom is also the path of wisdom; the law that arises
with wisdom is also the path of wisdom.

"Learning", there are three kinds of learning: increasing precept learning,
increasing mind learning, and increasing wisdom learning. What is to add to
school? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is protected by the
self-control of the Polo Timucha. He has sufficient righteousness and state of
affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns after being upheld in the
school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept aggregates are the foundation
of abstinence, the [self] inhibition of behavior, the entrance of self-control,
the uppermost of good dhamma, etc., this is to increase precept learning. What
is increased mind learning? Here, the bhikkhu enters the fourth jhana of [no
pain or happiness, from calm to chanting] after entering from liberation...
(omitted), this is to increase the mind. What is Enrichment? Here, the Bhikkhu
is a wise person, possessing the wisdom that leads to the arising and passing
away; the holy, insight, and the complete extinction of suffering [zhihui], he
truthfully knows "This is suffering."... (Omitted) truthfully knows "This is the
path leading to defilement."...(slightly omitted) knowing truthfully "These are
defilements."...(slightly omitted) knowing truthfully "this is the path leading
to defilements." This is to increase wisdom.

"The doubter should learn on the way of wisdom": "The doubter, the person who
has doubts, confusion, doubts, and hesitations, in order to reach wisdom, to
reach wisdom, and to testify wisdom should learn to learn more, should learn
more The mind should learn to increase wisdom. These three learnings should be
learned when facing (noting); learning when knowing; learning when seeing;
learning when examining; learning when establishing (decision); when You should
learn when you win with faith; you should learn when you are working hard; when
mindfulness arises, you should learn; when you have concentration (focus), you
should learn; when you know with wisdom, you should learn; when you know should
be proven Should learn; should learn when omniscience should be omniscience;
learn when renunciation should be renounced; learn when practice should be
practised; learn when practice should be practiced; should learn and practice
when practice should be testified. Should be goodIt should be transferred after
implementation and holding. Those who are doubting should learn on the wisdom
road.

"After knowing the dhamma is explained by Samana": ""After knowing", after
knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating,
after clarifying, being said, explained, explained, taught, told, told,
Established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, explained: "All actions are
impermanent" after knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after judging,
after being separated, after being cleared, being said, being explained, being
explained, being explained Teach, be told, established, uncovered, analyzed,
clarified, and explained; "All actions are suffering"... "All Dhamma is
selfless"... "There is action based on ignorance"... (Omitted) "Life is the
predestined condition, and there is old age and death"... "With ignorance and
death, there is action and death"... (Omitted) "By birth and death, there is old
and death"... "This is suffering"... (Omitted) "This It is the path leading to
misery"... "These are troubles"... (omitted) "This is the path leading to
troubles"... "These laws should be proven"... "These laws should be known"...
"These Dhamma should be cut off"... "These Dhamma should be practiced"... "These
Dhamma should be testified"... The gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and
renunciation of the six touch points... Five picks Aggregate...Four major...
"Any collection of Dhamma is extinct" After knowing, understanding, weighing,
judging, separating, clarifying, being said, explained, explained, taught, and
informed , Was established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, explained.

This was said by the Lord: "Monks! I teach the Dhamma with the wisdom of the
enlightenment, not without the wisdom; I teach the Dhamma by cause and
condition, not without cause and condition; I teach the law with divine
transformation, not without God, monks! When I teach the Dhamma with wisdom
wisdom, not without wisdom; I teach the Dhamma by cause and condition, not
without cause and condition; I teach the law with divine transformation but not
without God, [my] exhortation should be done; instruction should be It is done,
monks! This is enough for you to be satisfied, joyful [pleasant], and joyful:
the Blessed One is the Enlightened One, the Dhamma [Blessed One] is good, and
the Sangha is one who walks according to goodness. [AN.3.126]" And when this
commentary was said, ten thousand worlds shook [DN.1, paragraph 149]. In order
to learn about the various dhammas, Samana explained.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"When there are two kinds of anger, false statements and doubts, there are these
methods,

The doubter should learn it on the wisdom road, and after knowing it, the
dhammas are explained by Samana. "

104. Where is the reason for the desirable and undesirable? These do not exist
     when what does not exist?

Where the truth of non-existence and existence, please tell me where is the
reason for this.

"Where is the cause of the desirable and undesirable?": "Where is the cause of
the desirable and undesirable? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where
are they born? Where are they born? Where are they? Appear? What is its cause?
What is its collection? What is its birth? What is its root?" "He inquires about
the roots of the agreeable and undesirable... (Omitted) He asks, he asks, begs,
requests, Make it clear." Where is the reason for what is desirable and
undesirable.

"When something does not exist, these do not exist": "When something does not
exist, when it is not known, they do not exist; when it is not discovered what
is desirable and undesirable, they do not exist, do not exist, do not occur, do
not arise, Not to be produced, not to be born, not to be born." These are not
there when something does not exist.

"Wherever does not exist and the truth of existence": "What is a desirable and
undesirable existence? Any desirable and undesirable existence and occurrence,
it arises, arises, is born, arises, and appears. This is desirable, The
existence of undesirable. What is the non-existence of undesirable and
undesirable? The destruction, dissipation, destruction, destruction,
impermanence, and disappearance of desirable and undesirable non-existence are
desirable and undesirable. Does not exist. "Where this truth", whoever is the
highest truth." For the truth that everything does not exist and exists.

"Please tell me where is the cause of this": ""This", everything I ask;
everything I beg; everything I ask; everything that makes me clear. "Please tell
me", "Please tell me Please explain, please explain, please teach, please
inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please
explain. "Please tell this for me. "From where It is the cause", where is the
cause, where is the collection, where is the birth, where is the root." Please
tell me where this is the cause.

Because of that, Huaren said:

"Where are the reasons for the desirable and undesirable? When what does not
exist, these do not exist?

Where the truth of non-existence and existence, please tell me where this is
fromCause. "

105. Desirable and undesirable touches are the causes, and these do not exist
     when touch does not exist,

Where there is no existence and the truth, I will tell you that this is the
reason.

"Desirable and undesirable touch is its cause": the touch that should feel
pleasure gives rise to joy, and the extinction of the touch that should feel
pleasure corresponds to that feeling: the touch that should feel pleasure arises
The joy of it is destroyed; it is calmed down. Suffering arises from the touch
that should feel suffering, and the extinction of the touch that should feel
suffering corresponds to that feeling: the suffering that arises from the touch
that should feel suffering is destroyed; it is calmed down. It is due to the
feeling that the touch that is not painful or unhappy arises, and the touch that
is not painful or unpleasant should experience the extinction of the touch that
is not painful or unpleasant. Corresponding to the feeling that should be felt:
It is due to the feeling that the touch that is not suffering or unhappy arises
It is not suffering or happy to be destroyed; it is calmed down. "Desirable and
undesirable contact is its cause": "Desirable and unacceptable contact is its
cause; contact is its collection; contact is its birth; contact is its root."
The desired touch is the cause.

"These do not exist when the touch does not exist": "When the touch does not
exist, when it is not known, they do not exist; when it is not found, the
desirable and undesirable ones do not exist, do not exist, do not occur, do not
arise, Not being produced, not being born, not being born, not appearing." These
do not exist when touch does not exist.

"Wherever does not exist and exists": "The view of existence is always the
cause; the view of non-existence is also the cause. "Where this truth" is the
highest truth." This truth.

"I tell you this from here is the reason": ""This", whoever you ask; whoever you
beg; whoever you ask; whoever makes you clear. "I tell", "I tell, I explain , I
teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain." Tell me
this for you. "From here is the cause", from here: touch is its collection;
touch is its Health; touch is its root." Tell me this for you from here is the
cause.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The desirable and undesirable touch is the cause, when touch does not exist,
these do not exist,

Where there is no such thing as existence, I will tell you that this is the
reason. "

106. Then where is the cause of the touch in the world, and where are there many
     things?

When something does not exist, there is no self-holding? When something
disappears, it can't be touched?

"So where does the touch in the world have its cause?" "Where does the touch
come from? Where does it arise? Where is it produced? Where is it born? Where is
it born? Where does it appear? What is it? Cause? What is its collection? What
is its birth? What is its root?" He asked the root of touch; he asked the
reason... (Omitted) He asked, begged, asked, and made it clear." So where does
the touch in the world come from?

"And where are there many things from?": ""Where do things come from? Where are
they born? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where are they born? Where
are they born? What are their causes? What It is its collection? What is its
life? What is its root?" He asked about the root of all things; he asked the
reason... (omitted) He asked, begged, asked, and made it clear." Where are many
things.

"When something does not exist, there is no ego grasping": "When something does
not exist, it does not exist when it is not known; when ego clinging does not
exist, does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, it has been To give up,
to be cut off, to be calmed down, to be stopped, not to arise, to be burned by
the fire of wisdom." Because there is no ego when something does not exist.

"When something disappears, it cannot be touched": "When something disappears;
when it does not exist; when it has crossed; when it has passed; when it has
been overcome, it cannot be touched." It means when something disappears. Up.

Because of that, Huaren said:

"Then where does the touch in the world come from? And where does everything
come from?

When something does not exist, there is no self-holding? When something
disappears, it can't be touched? "

107. Because of the contact between name and form, the reason for wanting is
     possession,

There is no self-attachment when wanting to be non-existent, and it cannot be
touched when the form is clear.

"The contact between name and form": Eye-consciousness arises from the eye and
form. The three meet and touch. The eyes and the colors in the form (the colors
belonging to the form), in addition to the eye contact, also There are
corresponding dhammas in the name (belonging to the name), so that it is due to
the contact between name and form. Ears arise from ears and soundsConsciousness,
the three converge and touch, the ears and the sounds in form (the sounds
belonging to form), in addition to ear touch, there are corresponding dhammas in
the name. In this way, due to the existence of name and form touch. Nasal
consciousness arises from the nose and smell. The three meet and touch. In
addition to the nose and the odors in the form, there are corresponding dhammas
in the name. In this way, it is due to the name and form. Touched. Tongue
consciousness arises from the tongue and taste. The three meet and touch. In
addition to the tongue touch, there are corresponding dhammas in the name. In
this way, it is due to name and color. Touched. The body consciousness arises
from the body and the touch. The three meet and touch. In addition to the body
touch, there are corresponding dhammas in the name. This is due to the name.
Touches with color. Consciousness arises due to the mind and the Dhamma. When
the three meet, there is contact. [The mind] is in the material [the heart is in
the heart]. The colored dhammas are in the material. There are corresponding
dhammas in the name, so it is due to the contact between name and form.

"There is possession for the reason of wanting": Wanting to be called craving is
greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. "Property",
there are two kinds of possessions: [Because] the possessions that are thirsty
and [causes] the possessions that you see... (Omitted) This is the possessions
that you thirsty for... (Omitted) This is the possessions you see . "The cause
of wanting has possessions": "Everything takes desire as its cause, desire as
its cause, desire as its condition, desire as its cause, and desire as its
root." The reason for wanting is possession.

"When you want to be non-existent, there is no self-holding": Want to be called
craving, that is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots.
There are two kinds of self-holdings: [because] the self-holding of the
thirsting self and the [because] the self-holding of the [because] the
self-holding...(Omitted) This is the holding of the thirsty self...(Omitted)
This It's what I see. "When you want to be non-existent, there is no
ego-clinging": "When you want to be non-existent, it doesn't exist when you
don't know it; when you don't be discovered, ego clinging does not exist, does
not exist, is not known, and is not discovered, Has been cut off, cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." For there
is no self-attachment when wanting to not exist.

"When the form is understood, it will not be touched": "Lake", the four great
and the four great colors, "when the form is understood," the four forms of
color are understood: by knowing, understanding, and measuring Know, Yishe knows
it, and Yi goes beyond it. How to be understood based on what is known? He knows
form: "All forms, all forms are created by the four elements and the four
elements." He knows; when he sees, he is made clear by knowing and
understanding.

How to be understood by measuring clarity? After doing this, he measures color
as impermanent, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, curse, disease, other side, corrupt,
disaster, evil, terror, disaster, movement , Perishable, unstable, no shelter,
no refuge, no refuge, surrendered, hypocritical, empty, selfless, fault, change
law, false, unfortunate root, Killer, nothing, troublesome, promising, magic
food (bait), birth method, old method, disease method, death method, sorrow and
despair method, pollution method, assembly, extinction, pleasure , Troubles, and
renunciation, in this way is to be understood by measuring and understanding.

How to be clarified by the color of the house? After weighing in this way, the
desire for sex, greed for others, let go, drive away, end, and make it go to
non-existence. This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! All the desires and
greed about sex will be cut off. In this way, that sex will be cut off and the
roots will be cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-being
for the future. Inanimate things. [SN.22.25]" In this way, it is clear that she
is clear.

How to be understood by transcending the understanding? The Four Colorless
Waiting Ones The colors are made clear (disappeared), made clear (destroyed [the
following example]), passed through, passed over, and overcome, so that they are
made clear by passing through the clear. It is understood by these four
behaviors.

"When the color is understood, it cannot be touched": "When the color is
understood; when it is cleared; when it is crossed; when it is crossed; when it
is overcome, it cannot be touched: eye contact, ear contact , Nose touch, tongue
touch, body touch." It means the touch is inaccessible when the color has
disappeared.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Due to the contact of name and form, the cause of wanting has possessions,

There is no self-attachment when wanting to be non-existent, and it cannot be
touched when the form is clear. "

108. How to understand the author? How to understand happiness and suffering?

Please tell me this about understanding. May we know this: it is my intention to
be like this.

"How to understand the color for the author": "How is it for the author" to
makeHow is it (for the author [the following example]); what is the way of the
person; what is the action; what is the turn of the person; what is the
guardian; what is the last; how is the person who keeps it clear; make it To be
made clear; to be crossed; to be crossed; to be overcome. "In order to
understand the author.

"How to understand happiness and suffering": "How to understand happiness and
suffering; make it clear; be crossed; be crossed; be overcome." For how to
understand happiness and suffering.

"Please tell me this about understanding": ""This", "Whoever I ask; whoever I
beg; whoever I ask; whoever makes me clear." For this. "Please tell me", "Please
tell me, please tell, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build,
please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain." Tell me about
this. "About understanding", about understanding to make it clear, to be
crossed, to be crossed, to be overcome." Please tell me this about
understanding.

"May we know this: it is my intention like this": ""May we know this", "May we
know this; may we know; may we not; may we know for sure; may we pass through."
Know this. "Like this is my intention", like this is my intention; like this is
my heart; like this is my intention; like this is my consciousness." May we know
this: like this is My intention.

Because of that, Huaren said:

"How can I understand the author? How can I understand happiness and suffering?

Please tell me this about understanding. May we know this: it is my intention to
be like this. "

109. He is a person who does not want to think, a person who does not want to
     think, and a person who does not want to disappear,

is so clear for the author, because the false name is thought to be the cause.

"He is a person who wants to live without thinking, and a person who wants to
think without thinking": "A person who thinks and thinks is called someone who
wants to live in the ordinary (natural), but he is not the person who wants to
live in the ordinary. He who has thoughts is called a mad person and a person
who has a confused mind, but he is not a mad person, nor a person who has a
confused heart." He is a person who thinks about whether he is thinking or not
thinking about it.

"Neither is the one who does not want to disappear": "Those who do not want to
disappear are called those who enter extinction [wait until] and those who are
without thoughts, but he is not one who enters [wait until], nor is he who does
not want to disappear. The one who wants to disappear is called the one who
waits for the four colorless ones, but he is not the one who waits for the four
colorless ones." It is neither the one who has no thoughts nor the one who wants
to disappear.

"This is the way for the author to understand color": "Here, the bhikkhu Yile's
renunciation... (slightly omitted) The fourth jhana where he lives in... after
entering, when the mind is so absorbed, fully pure, purified, and without The
filthy, defiled, malleable, suitable for work, standing or standing still, in
order to obtain the limitless void, he pulled out his heart and turned to
colorless props." This is the author; In this way; the actor is like this; the
one who makes it turn like this; the guardian is like this; the one who keeps it
is like this; the one who keeps it is clear; make it clear; be traversed; be
crossed; be overcome. "To make it clear for the author.

"Because the name of vain thinking is its cause": "Fantasy is the name of vain:
vain name of craving, vain name of seeing, vain name of slowness, thinking is
its cause; want is its collection; want is its Birth; thinking is its root."
Because of the name of vain thinking is its cause.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"He is a person who does not want to think, a person who does not want to think,
and a person who does not want to disappear,

is so clear for the author, because the false name is thought to be the cause. "

110. Whatever we ask you you tell us, we want to ask you other things, come on!
     Please tell that,

Are some of the wise men here telling this area: the first purity of Yasha, or
do they say other things?

"Where we ask you, you tell us": "Where we ask you, what we beg, what we ask,
what makes us clear. "You tell us", is told, explained, explained, taught , To
be told, to be established, to be uncovered, to be analyzed, to be elucidated,
to be explained." For whoever we ask you, you tell us.

"We want to ask you about other things, come on! Please tell about that": "We
want to ask you about other things; we want to beg you for other things; we want
to ask you for other things; we want you to make others clear; we want to ask
You are better. "Come on! Please tell that", come on! Please tell; please
explain; please teach; please inform; please build; please uncover; please
analyze; please clarify ; Please explain. "For usTo ask you about other things,
come on! Please tell me about that.

"Whether some wise men here tell this area: the first purity of Yasha": "Some
Samana and Brahmins say, tell, talk, explain, say that this colorlessness, etc.
is the first and the most successful , Superior, top, top, top. "Yasha",
sentient beings, human, student Brahmin, human, personal, life, born, sentient,
and Indra Of the Razhe, of the begotten of Manu. "Pure", pure, pure, pure all
over; detachment, liberation, all detachment. "The wise men here", the wise
speakers here, the firm words Those who [have] methods, [have] reasons, [have]
characteristics, [have] grounds, and those who make their own opinions
possible." Whether or not some of the wise men here tell me about this range:
Yasha's First Purity.

"Are they talking about other things": "Or are some Samana and Brahmins who pass
through, cross over, overcome these colorlessness and wait to speak, tell, talk,
explain, say that this colorlessness, etc., there are other higher Yakshas. Are
they pure, pure, pure all over; detachment, liberation, all detachment?" Why do
they say something else?

Because of that, Huaren said:

"Where we ask you, you tell us, we want to ask you other things, come on! Please
tell that,

Are some of the wise men here telling this area: the first cleansing of Yasha,
or do they say other things? "

111. There are some wise men here who told me about this area: Yasha's first
     purity,

But it belongs to some of them who claim to be skillful, and they tell them to
die and have no remnants.

"There are certain sages here who tell about this scope: the first purity of
Yasha": "There are certain Samana and Brahmans who are constant critics. They
say, tell, talk, explain, say this colorless, etc. The first, the most
victorious, the extraordinary, the first, the most, the top. "Yasha", sentient
beings, humans, student Brahman, human, individual, life, to the born , Sentient
beings, those who have come to Indra, those born of Manu. "Pure", pure, pure,
pure all over; detachment, liberation, all detachment. "The wise men here", the
wise ones here The speaker, the firm speaker, the [with] method, the [with]
reason, the [with] characteristic, the [with] basis, the speaker with one's own
opinion A possible speaker." Because there are some wise men here who tell about
this range: Yasha's first purity.

"But it belongs to some of them who claim to be skillful, and they tell those
who are extinct and have no remnants." "It belongs to those Samana and Brahmins.
Some Samana and Brahmins are the decimationists and those who have fear. They
are happy and have nothing. They told "the silence, silence, cessation,
extinction, cessation of all living beings": "Sir! No matter who has been cut
off and disappeared since the disintegration of the body of the true self; it
ceases to exist after death, and there is no residue in this situation.
""Declaring the skillful", the skillful speaker, the wise speaker, the firm
speaker, the [with] method, the [with] reason, the [has] special The talker of
the phase, the talker with the basis, the talker who takes his own opinion as
possible." But it belongs to some of them who claim to be skillful, and they
inform that there is no remnant.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"There are certain wise men here who have informed this area: Yasha's first
purity,

But it belongs to some of them who claim to be skillful, and they tell that
there is no remnant. "

112. After knowing that "these are dependent", after knowing that Hou Muni is an
     investigator on dependence,

After knowing that he becomes a liberated person, he does not come to argue, and
the wise person does not meet with all kinds of things.

"Knowing "These are dependent": ""These" are those of evil views. "Relying",
after knowing "[These are] dependent on common"; after knowing "Relying on
judgment" ; After knowing the "reliance on what is often seen", after he
understands, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying."
After knowing "these are dependent on".

"Knowing that after Muni he is an observer in terms of dependence": ""Muni",
Muna is called Chi... (slightly) after transcending the net he is Muni. Muni
knows "[These are] After he adheres to the common ones; after he knows the
"according to the judgments"; after he knows the "according to the common
judgments", he understands, weighs, judges, separates, and clarifies. "He is an
inspector "He is a wise man, a wise man, an enlightened man, a wise man, a
distinguished man, and a wise man."He is the inspector. "After knowing, he will
not come to argue": "After knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after
judging, after separating, after clarifying. Those who are kind and liberated
are truly liberated by not clinging to them: "All actions are impermanent."
After knowing, understanding, weighing, judging, separating, clarifying,
becoming a liberated, liberated, all liberated, good The liberated person is
ultimately liberated by not clinging to it; "all actions are suffering"... "all
dhammas are selfless"... (omitted) "all dhammas are extinguished" after knowing,
understanding, and weighing , After judging, separating, and clarifying, you
will become the liberated, liberated, all liberated, and benevolent liberated,
and finally liberate without clinging. "To become a liberated one after knowing.
"He does not come to argue", he does not quarrel, does not argue, does not
dispute, does not argue, does not argue. This was said by the Blessed One:
"Achivisna! Such a liberated monk disagrees with anything, does not argue with
anything, and speaks what the world says without clinging. [MN.74]"" He did not
come to argue in order to become a liberated person after knowing it.

"The wise one does not fit in with all kinds of things": ""With all kinds of
things", there are [all kinds of] with kamma, and with desires again; with kamma
with desires, and with colors The kamma that exists with the colorless
existence; the kamma with the colorless existence, and the repeated existence;
the repeated interest, the repeated rebirth, the repeated rebirth, and the
repeated rebirth of the individual will not be in harmony or not. Gathering, not
grasping, not clinging, not clinging. "The wise man", the wise man is the wise
man, the wise man, the enlightened man, the wise man, the distinguished man, and
the wise man. meet.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"After knowing that "these are dependent", after knowing that he is an
investigator on dependence,

After knowing that he becomes a liberated person, he does not come to argue, and
the wise person does not meet with all kinds of things. "

The eleventh explanation of the quarrel [completed].





Summary:

1. Names and colors → touch → disagreement → desire → love →
   quarrel/grief/anger/doubt/saving/slowness/distance/liar.

2. Those who have aspirations and fulfillment have an afterlife.

12/12/2020 11:15


