13 configuration instructions

Secondly, the instructions for configuring the Ezurus will say:

Any person who has seen this, and those who tell "this is the truth",

Are they all only rebuked, or are they praised there too?

"Whosoever is seen": "Whosoever, all completely, in every aspect, without any
residues, and the whole land, this is the word of all, for "whosoever." Some
Samana, Brahmen and Brahmen, who lived, lived together, and dwelt in their own
sight after holding, grasping, after picking up, after performing, after
persisting, by a certain evil seen in the 62. , stay (all over), such as a
family living at home, or a guilty person in sin, or a polluted person living in
the polluted. Similarly, some... (medium) stay (all over)." For whoever these
see the stoppers.

"And those who tell 'This is the true'": "'The world is everlasting, this is
true, and the rest are empty. ' They tell, tell, talk, explain, say, say; the
world is very constant... "After death is neither there nor non-existent, this
is true, the others are empty." They tell, tell, tell, talk, explain, speak. As
well as those who tell "this is true".

"All those are only rebuked with rebuke": "Those Samana and Brahmen follow only
rebuke, only rebuke, only rebuke, only blame, only blame." For all of them are
only rebuked.

"Or are they being praised there too": "Where they see, their likes, their
hobbies, their claims they get, get, get, arrive, find appreciation, praise,
praise, praise, praise, praise, be Carry praise." For or are they also being
praised there?

Because then, the man said:

"Whoever bears these bearers, and those who tell 'This is the truth. '

Are they all only rebuked, or are they praised there too?"

131. This is less, and is insufficient for calm. I say, there are two
     consequences for the argument.

After seeing this, he should not argue that he should not argue that he is a
stable person without argument.

"This is less, it is not enough for calm": "'This is less, 'this is less; this
is inferior; this is only some; this is low; this is inferior; this is inferior
intentions; this is Trivial. For this one is less. "It is not enough for calm",
belongs to the greedy to calm, to calm, to calm, to calm, to anger... belongs to
resentment... belongs to hiding evil... belongs to the arbitrary ... Belongs to
the jealous... belongs to the hypocrisy... belongs to the cunning... belonging
to the stubborn... belonging to passion... belongs to the very slow... belongs
to the very slow... belongs to the slow... belongs to the ease. ... belongs to
all polluted... belongs to all evil deeds... belongs to all burnt... belongs to
all the hot... belongs to all the anxious... belongs to all bad works for calm,
to the end of silence, It is not enough for calm down, for cooling, for
perceptions, for stop." For this is less、It is not enough for calm。

"I say there are two fruits of argument": "See quarrel, see the argument, see
the dispute, see the argument, see the disguise of the fruit are two: win,
defeat; get, not get; have reputation, no reputation; rebuke, praise ; There are
bitterness, joy, melancholy; satisfied, unsatisfied; there are dear, wicked;
those who are happy, depressed; have fit, oppose. Or, 'That industry is to hell,
to the animal world, to the hungry ghosts. ' I said, I explain, I teach, I tell,
I build, I uncover, I interpret, I clarify, I explain." For me, there are two
fruits to argue.

"After seeing this, he should not argue": "After seeing this," 'After seeing
this, 'This oversuffering: in the quarrel of seeing, the argument of seeing, the
dispute of seeing, the argument of seeing, the argument of seeing, after seeing,
after seeing, after the measurement, After judging, after each, and after
figuring out. ' After seeing this. "He should not argue," he [should not argue,]
should not be arguing, should not argue, should not argue, should not be
arguing, should not be dissent, arguing, arguing, arguing, dissent He should be
disconnected, discarded, put an end, and he should make it non-existent. Should
have been separated from quarrels, arguments, disputes, arguments, disobedience,
quashed, quashed, departed, departed, freed, separated, bound, and he should
live with a restrained mind.He should not argue after seeing this.

"Seek undisputed as a stable": "undisputed is called immortality, Nibbana, that
is the end of all doings, all according to the judgment, thirst of love extinct,
from greed, extinct, Nibbana. Seeing, seeing, watching, watching, observing this
is undisputed for stability, shelter, shelter, return, fear free, dead, undead,
Nibbana." For those who look undisputed to be stable.

Because then, Worldman said:

"This is less, it is not enough for calm. I say there are two fruits of
argument.

After seeing this, he should not argue that he should not argue that he is a
stable man without argument."

132. None of these pernicious general opinions does not come to the wise.

Why did he come to the unabated: do not like in what you see and smell?

"Any of these ordinary opinions": "Whosoever, all completely, in every aspect,
completely, without residue, the whole of the land, this is the word of all, for
"whosoever." "General Insights", general insights are known as the General
Insights of Sixty-Two Wicked Opinions. "The vulgar", 'the general opinion from
the birth of a man, 'is vulgar, or 'general opinion from all sorts of people' is
vulgar." For any of these vulgar general insights.

"None of the wise come to this": "The wise is the one who has come to the clear,
the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise. The worldly see guide all this, he does
not arrive, does not arrive, does not hold, does not take, does not persist. For
the wise ones do not reach it all.

"Why did he come to the obsession": ""The obsession", there are two kinds of
obsession: the longest of love and the obsession... (medium) This is the
obsession of thirsty love... (medium) This is the obsession of seeing. For him
the persistence of thirsty love has been cut off; the persistence of see has
been dismissed, the state of the longest persistence has been dismissed, "Why
does the unobsessed person arrive, arrive, hold 、Take, hold the color for my
true me"? By... think... OK... know... fun... life... born... there (exist)...
reincarnation... why does he arrive, arrive, hold, take, hold, persist?" For the
uncommitted man why he came to the last.

"Those who do not like what they see and smell": "He who does not like in what
is seen or seen is clean, or what it is heard, or what is heard, or what is
clear, or what he feels, nor does it wills, does not love, and not be greedy;
The person who is not born, is not produced, not born, not born." For those who
do not like what they see and smell.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Whosoever these pernicious general views, that the wise does not come to all
this,

Why did he come to the unabated: not to be a favorite in what he saw and heard?"

133. They say that [self-] restraint is pure: those who appear after the holding
     of a ban,

Let's learn right here and then there will be purity, claiming the good ones are
guided to there.

"Some Samana and Brahmen are the supreme of the ring, they say that they use
[self] restraint as pure. "Some Samana and Brahmen are the supreme theists. They
use the degree of the ring, the degree of [self-restraint], the degree of
self-control, in order to not The degree of violation is pure, pure, pure;
detachments, relief, and disengagement, "they say, tell, tell, tell, talk,
explain, speak."

The son of Shamun Mudi said so: Owner! Which four are the men who have the four
ways of good, the supreme of good, and the recipient of the supreme, and Samana,
which cannot prevail? Home Owner! Here, he does not act as an evil industry,
does not speak evil words, does not wicked intentions, does not live with evil,
the owner! We have the men who have these four laws are the ample of good, the
supreme of good, the recipient of the supreme, the attraction of the supreme,
and the Samon, who cannot prevail. Similarly, some Samana and Brahmen are the
supreme theists of the ring, to the degree of [self] restraint, to the degree of
self-restraint, to the degree of self-control, to the degree of inviolability of
purity, purification, all over purity; "They say, tell, tell, tell, talk,
explain, say, say, say." For those who take the ring as the highest, they say
that [self] suppression is pure.

"The person who appears after holding a ban": "Forbidden, like a ban, or a horse
ban, or a cattle ban, or a dog ban, or a crow ban, or a forbidden by God of
Bishenou, or forbidden by the forbidden day, or the full xian ban, or the Or
fire ban, or dragon ban, or goldwingbird ban, or yashura ban, or asura ban, or
kangda ban, or king ban, or month ban, or day ban, or indra ban, or pantian ban,
or day ban Forbidden, or orientation forbidden, after they are takenAfter
holding, after taking, after taking, after taking, after picking up, after
performing, after clinging, being present, glued, dyed, and oriented towards the
heart. as a person who appears after holding a ban.

"Let's learn here and then there will be purity": ""Here," in their own see,
their own likes, their hobbies, their own claims. "Let's learn," let us learn,
let us practice, let us implement, hold and let us turn." To let's learn right
here. "Then there will be purity," and then there will be purity, cleanliness,
all over pure; detach, release, disengagement." So let's learn here and then
there will be pure.

"Proclaim that the good is led to there": 'Be guided to there, ''are led to
there, are caught, taken, and their hearts are directed towards there.' For
being directed to there. "Declares the good", the sayer of the sayer, the wise
speaking, the strong speaking, the [with] method, the [with] reason, the speaker
of [with] a special feature, and the [with] basis 、To speak of their own claims
as possible。" To claim the good ones are directed to there.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The highest of the ring, they say that [self-] restraint is pure: those who
have aroused after being forbidden,

Let's learn here and then there will be purity, claiming that the good ones are
guided to there."

134. If he died from the withdrawal and prohibition, he trembles after the
     failure of the act,

He sought and prayed for purity, such as the distant from home was abandoned by
the carnation.

"If he does not die from quit and forbidden": "For two reasons, he died from
forbidden and forbidden: by interrupting him by others, or if he died when he
did not reach it. How did he die by interrupting him? "Interruption of others":
The Master is not the wise man, the law is not said to be righteous, [his] group
is not a person who walks according to the good, see is not good, the way is not
set, the way is not departed, and there is no purity here, or Purified, or all
over pure; or to be dissolved, or dissolved, where they are not purified, or
cleansed, or all over pure; or to be separated, freed, or separated from, or by
all over, is inferior, The despicable, inferior, low, inferior, inferior,
trivial, this is the "interrupt of others." In this way, when the master died
when interrupted, the law tells death, group death, no death, no signs of death,
no signs of death, no way to death, this is to interrupt his death by others.
How did he die when he did not reach it? When he did not reach the quit, when he
did not reach the ban, he never forbidden to die, when he did not reach the quit
and forbidden, so that he died when he did not reach." For if he died from
abusing and forbidden.

"He trembles after the act failed": "He trembles," "I forbidden or forbidden or
forbidden was lost by me; I was transgressed by me; I turned down; I was lost, I
was totally intellectually violator." He trembles, trembles (strong trembling),
big trembling (powerful trembling). Trembling for him. "After the act failed,"
"Blessing or non-blessing or inaction was lost by me; I violated; I was
overturned by me; I was lost, and I was completely intellectually violator." He
trembles, trembles, trembles." After the act failed he trembled.

"He wants and prays for purity": "'He wants', 'He wants to ring, or he eagerly
desires forbidden, or he is eager to quit and forbidden, and he prays. ' Seek
for him. "And pray for purity," he prays for the purity of the ring, or the
purity he prays for forbidden, or he prays for the purity of the ring Pray for
his hope and purity.

"If a distant traveler from home is abandoned by a carabinerary": "If a man has
gone out from home, takes the carnation as a distant traveler, the occupant (the
living person), he is abandoned by the carabinerary, he or pursues that
carnation Similarly, the evil person holds the master, or the other master; or
holds the narrative of that law, or of another law; or holds that group or other
group; or holds the other; or holds that opinion, Or hold another sight; or hold
that sign, or another; or hold that way, or hold the other way, and he takes and
persists. As far away from home is abandoned by the carving team.

Because then, Worldman said:

"If he died from a quit and forbidden, he trembled after his act failed,

He wanted and prayed for purity, such as a distant from home to be abandoned by
the carnation.

135. But after discontinuing all restraints and forbidden acts, and this sinful
     and innocent act,

"Purity Impurified" does not pray, do not pick up silence after he has quit.

"But break all abstentions and forbidden": "All [because] of the pure cut off of
the ring, after abandonment, after deportation, after the end, so that it goes
to absent, after all [because] the prohibition of the pureAfter the net
disconnection, after abandonment, deportation, after termination, and after the
end of the absence, all [because] the pure discontinuance of forbidden and
forbidden, after abandonment, deportation, termination, so that it went to
absent." To give off all abdments and forbidden.

"And after this sinful and innocent act": "The guilty act is called black, black
fruit; the act of innocence is called white, white fruit. After disconnection of
sinful acts and acts of innocence, after abandonment, deportation, and end, and
after their absence." For as well as this sinful innocence after the act.

"Purity Impurified": "Impurity," they seek impurity: they seek unpurity;
"purity", "purity", they seek purity: they seek five desires. They seek
impurities: they seek evil, and they seek five desires; they seek purification:
they ask for 62 evil. They seek impurity: they seek evil, and they seek five
desires, and they ask for 62 evil, and they seek purification: they seek the
good law of the three worlds. They seek impurity: they ask for bad law, they
seek five desires, they seek 62 evil, and they seek good law in the three
realms; they seek purification: Shevanfu wants to enter the decision, and there
are students asking First Farohan realm. Arrohan who has arrived in the
territory of Arrohan neither desires bad law nor five kinds of desires, nor
desires Sixty-two evil opinions, nor does he want good law in the three realms,
nor does he want the decision to enter, nor do I want the first Faarohan realm.
The surpassing man of hope, Arrohan has surpassed growth and loss, he is a
descending state, has practiced the actor... (medium) life and death
reincarnation, without his regeneration." For "pure impurified" do not pray.

"Do not take up the silence after he has forbent": "The quanterer", "He has been
separated from pure impurities, has been forbent, forbent, has departed, has
departed, liberated, bound, he is away from the restrained heart And live. ' For
those who have quit. "Can do, walk, live, act, turn, protect, survive, survive."
For those who have quit. "After not picking up silence," silence is called the
silence of the Sixty-Two Wicked Sees, he [keeps] not holding, not taking, and
not persisting. For those who have quit after not picking up silence can do.

Because then, Worldman said:

"But after all forbidden and forbidden, and this sinful and sinless act,

"Purity is not pure." He who does not pray, does not pick up the silence after
he has quit."

136. after suffering or evil, or even after seeing or heard or perceived,

After the trip they proclaimed that they were pure, that those who did not leave
thirst are in all sorts.

"Stop bitter or evil": "Some Samana, Brahmen are miserable and skeptical, with
bitterness and evil as the core, the stop, the stick, the sticker, the trapped,
the entrenched, the heart Towards the (victory)." To stop bitter or evil.

"Or even after seeing or even seeing or heard or perceived": "Seen or seen pure;
what is heard or heard of purity; perceived or perceived purity, after relying
on, after picking up, after taking, after performing, after persist." After
being or even seen or heard or perceived.

"After they went forward, they proclaimed purity": "Some Samana and Brahmen were
the commentators after the trip. Which Samana, Brahmen, are they commentators
after the trip? Bethamon, Brahmen, they are the ultimate pure, the reincarnation
of the pure, the unseen, everlasting theists, these Samana, Brahmen, they are
the theists after the trip. They call good, tell, tell, tell, talk, explain,
say, revolve as pure, clean, all pure; detach, release, from all over." For
after they proclaimed purity.

"Not thirsty lovers are in the seed": ""thirst love", the thirst love of color,
the thirst of the voice, the thirst love of the smell, the thirst love of taste,
the thirst love of the law. "Among the species," among the seed of the trade, in
the desire to have, in the etiquity, in color; in the colourless, in colourless,
in the colourless, in the colourless trade, in There are again and again; in the
repeated fun, in the past, in the birth of repeatedly, in the birth of the
individual, not from thirst, not from thirst love, not forgiving thirst love,
not excluding thirst love, not ruled out thirst love, not relieve Those who
thirst for love, who do not give out their thirst, and those who do not For
those who have not quenched thirst in all sorts.

Because then, Worldman said:

"After doing or wickedness, or even after seeing or having heard or perceived,

And after they proclaimed that they were pure, that those who did not leave
thirst are in the breed."

137. Indeed for the SeekerThere are enthusiasm, but also trembling in the
     stereotypes,

For anyone who does not exist here with death and past life, to what would he
tremble or where would he be keen?

"There are indeed enthusiasm for those who seek": "Hope is called thirsty love,
that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. "For the
Seeker", "For the Seeker, for the Seeker, for the Wanted, to the recipient, for
the enthusiasm, for the prayer." For the Seeker. "There are indeed enthusiasm,"
enthusiasm is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed,
bad roots." There is indeed a great desire for the Seeker.

"also trembling in the stereotype": "fixed", there are two types of stereotypes:
the definition of [because] thirst love and [because] see... (middle) This is
the stereotype of thirst love... (medium) This is the stereotype of sight. "also
trembling in the stereotypes": "They tremble when the fixed things are robbed,
they also tremble when they are robbed, and when they have been robbed; they
tremble when the fixed fears of things become easy. They also tremble when they
become easy, they also tremble, tremble, and tremble when they become easy." To
also be trembling in the stereotypes.

"For those who do not exist here death and life": "For all..." for Arrohan; for
those who have troubled. Where their contacts, contacts, contacts, dead
interesting, all kinds of death, past life, birth, disintegration, birth, aging,
death they do not exist, do not exist, not known, not found, have been cut off,
cut off, Calm down, stopped, not born, burned by wisdom fire." For those who do
not exist here death and past life.

"To what he will tremble or where he will be eager": "'In what greedy he will
tremble? What would he tremble? What would he tremble? With what slow he will
tremble? What to see him will tremble? What would he tremble? What doubt he
would tremble? In what troubles potential trends he will tremble, become a
"dye", or "dishearted", or "ignorant", or "bondage", or "executor", or "came to
the disorder", or "came to the undesirable" , or "come to the fortitude"? Those
creations have been cut off, the creations have been cut off state with what fun
he will tremble, become "hell," or "fallen beasts," or "hungry ghosts," or
"man," or "heaven", or" Colored, or "colorless", or "thinkers", or "unwitless",
or "neither thinks nor unwittless"? He has no reason, no edge, no factor that he
will tremble, tremble, and tremble." For what he will tremble. "Or where would
he be eager," or where would he be keen? On which one would he be eager? Where
will he be keen; will ask; will pray?" Why would he tremble or where he would be
keen?

Because then, Worldman said:

"It is true that there are enthusiasm for those who seek, and are trembling in
the prospect,

For whoever does not exist here death and past life, to what would he tremble or
where he would be keen?"

Some people in the law say "it is the highest", but others say "that is the
inferior".

So which of these people is true? For these people are all those who claim to be
good.

"Some of the Flaws say, 'It is the supreme. '" "And whatsoever, see, signs, and
ways, some of the Samana and Brahmen say, and speak so, and say so, so to say,
"This is the highest, first. The most, the winner, the winning, the first, the
top, the top, the top. '" For where some people say "it is the highest".

"But others say, 'That is the inferior. '": "As to the law, see, and the way,
some Samana, and Brahmen say, and speak so, and say so, this is the inferior. It
is despicable, it is inferior, it is low, and it is inferior, and it is trivial.
But others say, "That's the bad."

"So which of these people speaks is true": "Which of these Samana, Brahmen
speaks are true, truthful, true, true, correct, upside down?" So which of these
people speaks is true.

"For these are all those who claim to be good": "These Samana and Brahmen are
all the sayers of good sayers, wise talkers, strong talkers, [with] methods,
[with] reason. 、A person who [has] a special feature, the person who has a
basis, and who makes his own claim possible." Because these people are all those
who claim to be good.

Because of that,people say:

"Some of the Flaws say, 'It is the highest, 'but others say, 'That is the
inferior.'

Which of these are said to be true? These are all those who claim to be good."

139. Indeed, they say that their laws are successful and that the laws of others
     are inferior,

So hold after they argue that they say their opinions are true.

"Indeed, they say that their law is full": "His laws, see, signs, ways, saying
some Samana and Brahmen... (CTS) say, 'This is complete, perfect. '" To be sure
they say that their law is successful.

"And the law of others is inferior": "The laws of others, see, signs, and ways,
some of Samana and Brahmen say, and speak so, and speak so, and say so: This is
the inferior. It is despicable, it is inferior, it is low, and it is inferior,
and it is trivial. To say that the laws of others are inferior.

"After holding this way they argue": "After holding, grasping, after picking up,
after performing, after persistence they argue, quarrel, argue, argue, argue,
and disregard: 'You do not know this law, the law ... (medium) Please
disassemble if you can. '" For such hold after they argue.

"They say their opinions are true": "The world is constant, that is true, the
rest is empty." They say that their opinions are true; the world is very
constant... (cum) "After death is neither there nor non-existent, this is true,
the others are empty." They say their opinions are real.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Indeed, they say that their law is full, and that the law of others is
inferior,

After holding this, they argue that they say their opinions are true."

140. If disdain by the opponent becomes inferior, there will be no winner in any
     law.

For they tell others one by one that the law is despicable, and about themselves
they claim to be strong.

"If contempt by the opponent becomes the inferior": "If by the opponent's
contempt, the reason of reprimand, the cause of blame, the cause of abusive, the
opponent [will] become a foolish, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior The
low, the inferior, the inferior, the insignificant." To be the inferior if
contempt by the opponent.

"There will be no winner in any law: "In law there will be no first, the most
winning, the winning, the top, the top, the highest, the top." There will be no
winner in any law.

"For they individually tell others that the law is despicable": "Most say,
"Abuse, accuse, reprimand [other] the laws of the majority are inferior,
despicable, inferior, low, inferior, inferior of. One also said that the laws of
abusive, blame, reprimand [other] majority are inferior, despicable, inferior,
low, inferior, inferior, trivial. One also said, The law of insulting, blaming,
reprising [the other] is inferior, despicable, inferior, low, inferior,
inferior, trivial. Because they tell others the law [is despicable].

"{Despicable,} is the one who proclaims to be strong about himself": "His own
law, his own sight, his own signs, their own ways, their own way, as a strong
speaking in their own path, the strong speaking, the strong The Speakers, the
established Speakers." For {is despicable,} is the person who claims to be
sturdy about himself.

Because then, Worldman said:

"If they are despised by their opponents and become inferior, there will be no
winner in any law,

For they tell others one by one that the law is despicable, and about themselves
they claim to be strong."

141. The law of their respect is true, as they praise their way,

All that is said will become true, because purity is their own for those.

"The law of his own respect is true": What is the respect of your own law?
Respect, respect, worship, respect for one's own master: "This master is the
wise man." This is the respect of your own law. Testimonies of their own laws...
their own groups... their own signs... their own ways... Respect, respect,
worship, respect, respect, respect: "This word is departed." This is the respect
of your own law. "The law of his own respect is true": "The respect of your own
law [is] true, truthful [, true], truth, right, inverted." The law is true for
your own respect.

"As they praise"His own way": "The law is their own way, see is their own path,
the road is their own way, and they praise, praise, praise, praise and praise
their way." As they praise their way.

"Then everything is said to be true": "Everything that is said will become true,
truthful [, true], truth, right, inverted." So everything is said will become
true.

"For for those who are pure is their own": "For those Samana and Brahmen are
pure, clean, all pure; detachments, liberation, and disengagement are their
own." Because for those people purity is their own.

Because then, Worldman said:

"And the law of their respect is true, as they praise their way,

All that is said will become true, because purity is their own for those."

142. in the case of Brahmen who are not guided by others, [and] are clenched
     after being chosen by law,

The argument has therefore been freed, because he disregarded the other laws as
the most winning.

"For Brahmen is not guided by others": "No" is no. "Brahmen", the excluded state
of the seven laws of Brahmen... (middle) does not stop, like this can be called
he is Brahmen. "For Brahmen is not guided by others": "For the case of Brahmen
is not guided by others, Brahmen is not guided by others, those who do not rely
on others, those who have arrived not by others The bondner, he [truthfully]
knows and sees, is not obsessed, the righteous, the memory: 'All deed is
capriless' for Brahmen is not guided by others, Those who do not rely on others,
not by others, have arrived not bound by others, he [truthfully] knows and sees,
is not obsessed, the cognitive, and remembered; 'All doings are bitter... Any
set law is extinction" for Brahmen is not guided by others, Brahmen is not
guided by others, who do not rely on others, not to others, who have arrived not
bound by others, he [ ] Knowing and seeing, it is not obsessed, the righteous,
the remembered." For Brahmen not being led by others.

"Clenched after being chosen in law": "In law, "in law," in the wickedness of
62. "After selection", after decision, after decision, after selection, after
selection, after measurement, after judgment, after separation, after figure
out. ['Be clenched,] limited grip, part grip, top grip, fixed grip, accumulate
grip, fully accumulate grip: 'This is true [, truthful], true, true, correct,
upside down." And they are held, carried out, persisted, taken, taken, and
believed. They are not, do not exist, not known, not found, cut off, severed,
calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire." To be
clenched after a decision in law.

"Therefore, the argument has been freed": "Therefore, therefore; that reason;
that cause; that edge; that reason. See the quarrel, the argument of the see,
the dispute of the see, the argument of the see, the disobedience of the See has
been rid of, has been crossed, has been crossed, and has been overcome. For that
reason the argument has been freed.

"For he does not regard the other laws as the most victorious": "Except for the
remembrance of the people, except for the good work of the gods, except for the
roots, except by the strength, except for the branch of the gods, except for the
branch of the gods, except for the branch of the Road, other masters, lectures
of the law, groups, see, signs, road, he did not see, did not see, did not see,
did not look, did not observe [to] the first, the most winning, the winning, the
top, the most, the most Top of the law." For he does not regard other laws as
the best.

Because then, Worldman said:

"For Brahmen who were not guided by others, [and] were held in law after being
chosen in law,

The argument has therefore been freed, because he disregarded the other laws as
the best."

143. I know, I saw it like that, and some returned to see it as pure,

What if he saw it for himself? After walking too far, they say purity in other
words.

"I know, and I see it like that": 'I know, 'or by his mind I know, or the wisdom
of the memories of the former dwellings I know. "I saw it," or I saw it by the
naked eye, or in heaven's eye. 'It's like that', it's true, truthful [, true],
true, correct, upside down." For me know、I saw it like that。

"Some people returned to see as pure": "Some Samana, Brahmen returned to see as
pure, clean, pure; disengagement, relief, all offFrom: "The world is constant,
this is true, the others are empty." Some Samana and Brahmen returned to see as
pure, clean, all pure; disengagement, relief, and disengagement; the world is
very constant... Others are empty. ' Some Samana, Brahmen returned to see as
pure, clean, pure; disengagement, relief, disengagement." For some people back
to see as pure.

"If he sees what it can do to himself": "'He sees, 'or in his mind he sees, or
by the wisdom of the memory of the former dwelling, or in his naked eye, or in
heaven's eye. " For if he saw. "What can he do with that to himself," and what
was done to him to see it? No bitterness is known, no set off, no practice of
the road, no evidence of fruit, no greedy is cut off, no broken off, no stupid
positive break off, no sever of pollution, no Reincarnation of the break of
rotation. So if he sees what it can do to himself.

"When they go too far, they say purity with others": "Those exodors, except for
their four thoughts, except for their righteousness, except for the gods, except
for their roots, except for their strength, except for their strength, In
addition to eight sacred paths, crossing, crossing, overcoming the pure road,
clear road, all over the pure way, whitening, whitening, whitening, after they
tell, tell, talk, explain, say, say pure, clean, all over pure; detach , relief,
disengagement." This is going too far after they say purity in other words.

Or, "After the Buddhist and the disciples of the Buddhist and the other Buddhist
Buddhist, crossing, and overcoming the impurities, the unclear, the unclear, the
non-pure, the unclean, the unclean, and the whitish channel, they took four
days, and four normal duty Four gods, five, five forces, seven, eight sacred
ways to tell, tell, talk, explain, say pure, clean, all pure; detachment,
relief, all out." This is also too far after they say pure in other words.

Because then, Worldman said:

"I know, I saw it like that, some returned to see for pure,

What if he saw it for himself? After walking too far, they say clean with
others."

144. Those who saw saw the name, and after they saw them, they were known,

Let him see as much or less as he wants. Indeed, the good men do not say that
pure.

"He who sees the name": "He who sees it sees, or in his mind, or by the wisdom
of the memory of the former dwelling place, or by the naked eye or in heaven. He
saw only those whose names are of everness, joy, and true mine; and he saw not
the assembly of those laws, or their destruction, or the taste of joy, or
oversuffering, or departed. See the name for those who see it.

"Those who are known after seeing them": "After seeing," or after seeing in his
mind, or by the wisdom of the memories of the former dwellings, or by the naked
eye, or in heaven's eye. And after seeing the name is known only for the
constant, happy, true mine, and the collection of those laws, or extermination,
or the taste of joy, or the haunting, or haunting. Those are known for seeing
them.

"Let him see as much or less as he wills": "When he sees more or less as he
desires the name of the constant, the joyful, and true mine." That he may see as
much or less as he wills.

"Indeed, the good men do not say purity by that": "The good ones, those who are
good, those who are good, those who are good, those who are good, those who are
good, those who are good, who are good, gods The Good, the Good, the Good, the
Good, the Good, the Good, the Good, the Good, the Nibbana, those who are clever,
those who are clever, or with the wisdom of his mind, or the memory of the
former dwellings, or The naked eye, or to the eyes do not say, do not talk, do
not talk, do not say, do not say: to the name of the sight as pure, clean, all
pure; detach, relief, all out." It is true that the good people do not say
purity.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Those who saw saw the name, and after they saw them, they were known,

Let him see as much or less as he wants. Indeed, the good men do not say that
pure."

145. Persitesans are indeed not easy to reconcile: the prospective (all over)
     views of the value.

And when he proclaims that whosoever stops there is a net, the pure theist is
there he saw like that.

"Persiteists are indeed not easy to revolve": "'The world is everlasting, this
is true, and the rest are empty. ' Perpetual theist; the world is very
constant...Neither exists nor non-existent, this is true, the others are empty.
' For the adherests. "Indeed, it is not easy to revolt," the insidists are hard
to revolt, hard to inform, hard to consider, the unseen, unclear." It is indeed
not easy to revolve for the insists.

"Predetermined (all over) the views of the value": "The built, the established,
the creation, the vision of cohabiting, and doing attention. See as a flag, see
as a building, see as an increase, and be seen followed. To be a valued person
of opinion.

"When it is claimed that whosoever stops there is net": "Whosoever stops,"
"Whosoever rests on the master, the law, groups, see, signs, stops, stops,
adheres, traps, holds, holds, holds the heart toward (wins) "The solution" is
whosoever stops. "There," in their own sight, in their own likes, in their own
hobbies, in their own claims. "When they claim to be net," the speaking of the
good, the wise speaking, the strong speaking, the saying of [with] methods,
those who have a reason, and those who are [with] special prophesies, [have] the
basis of the saying, the person who makes his own claim possible." For when he
proclaims that whosoever is there to stop is net.

"The pure theist is there he saw it like that": ""Suddhivādo, purists, purists,
whitening theists, whitening theists, whitening theists. Or, the Seeker of Pure,
the Seeper of the Pure, the Seeper of Whitening, Whitening Seeing." It is a
pureist (suddhivādo). "There," in their own sight, in their own likes, in their
own hobbies, in their own claims. "True, truthful [, true], truth, correct,
inverted." He saw, saw, saw, and was able to reach." For the pure theist where
he saw it like that.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Persiteists are indeed not easy to revolt: the importance of the opinion (all
over)

And when he proclaims that whosoever stops there is a net, the pure theist is
there he saw like that.

146. when Brahmen did not come to the construction, he was not a man who saw
     him, nor was he a family of wisdom,

And after he knew the general opinion of the vulgar, he watched while others
picked up.

"Brahmen considered not to come to build": "No" is negative. "Brahmen", the
excluded state of the seven laws of Brahmen... (middle) does not stop, like this
can be called he is Brahmen. "Construct", there are two types of constructions:
[because of] love constructs and [because] see constructs... (middle) This is
the construction of thirsty love... (medium) This is the construction of see.
After consideration is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium)
insane, choice, positive. "Brahmen does not come to build after consideration":
"Brahmen considered [, after knowing], after understanding, after measurement,
after judgment, after each, after figure out. All lines are endless... All lines
are bitter... (medium) "Any set method is extinguished" after consideration [,
after knowing], after understanding, after measuring, judging, after the
separation, after figuring out, after the construction of thirst Or see the
construction he does not come, does not arrive, does not arrive, does not hold,
does not take, does not persist." After consideration for Brahmen does not come
to the build.

"He is not a walker, nor a family of wisdom": "For him, 62 evil feeds have been
cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom, and
he is not seen to be carried away or taken away 、Carry, carry, nor return, do
not return to that evil opinion as the core. ' For him is not to see the walk.
"Neither is a family of wisdom," or by the five gods of wisdom, or by the five
gods, to make it produce, to give birth, and to give birth to a loved one or a
loved one. For he is not a man of sight, nor a kinship of wisdom.

"And he knows the general opinion of the vulgar": "After knowing, after knowing,
after understanding, after measurement, after judgment, after separation, after
figure out. "Everything is unconstant"... (middle) "Any set method is
extinguished" after understanding, after understanding, after measuring, after
judgment, after the difference, after figuring out." For and after he knew.
General insights are referred to as the General Insights of Sixty-Two Wicked
Opinions. "The vulgar", 'the general opinion from the birth of a man, 'is
vulgar, or 'general opinion from all sorts of people' is vulgar." For that he
knew the general opinion of the vulgar.

"He watched and others picked up": "Others hold, take, persist because of their
thirst love, take, persist, Arrohan watched, not holding, not holding, not
persisting." For him to watch while others pick up.

Because then, Worldman said:

"BrahmenAfter considering that he did not come to the construction, he was not a
man who saw him, nor was he a wise family.

And after he knew the general opinion of the vulgar, he watched while others
picked up."

147. After having left the ties here in the world, Muni was not a conspirator in
     the debate that has arisen.

The Silent is calm among those who are not silent, does not pick up and others
pick up.

"Muni is here to leave the bindings in the world": "Bindings", there are four
types of bindings: greedy ties, malicious ties, forbidden ties, [only] this is
the true hold of the binding [ SN.45.175]. Own seeing greed is a tie of greed,
anger and dissatisfaction in others is a malicious tie, to carry out their own
restraint or forbidden or forbidden bind with a forbidden body, the body of
their own vision is [Only] This is the true execution of the knot. "After
discarding", after abandoning on the binding, or on the binding, on the binding,
on the binding, on the bondage, on the enlarged bondage, on the entangled, on
the attached, on the attached, on the On the obstacle, in the bundle he shook
behind (?) After the release, such as a sedan, or carriage, or wagon, or chariot
should be transported [people, objects] released (discarded) after they placed,
destroyed, the same, after abandoning on the binding, or in the binding On the
bondage, on the binding, in the bondage, on the enlarged bondage, on the
entangled, on the attached, on the one that was fixed, on the one that was
obstructed, and he was left behind after the bondage. "Muni", Munna is known as
Wisdom... (in the middle) after he was a muni after dyed net. "Here": Belongs to
this see... in this man's world." For Muni in the world after leaving the
bindings here.

"Not in a group of contention that has arisen": "In the debate that has been
born, has arisen, born, born, has arisen, has arisen, the people who should not
walk in the desire, the people who should not travel around, horror Should not
travel walkers, idiot should not walk around, he should not walk, should not
walk, should not go around, do not go horror should not walk, not obsession
should not walk, do not go away by greed , do not go because of the stupid, do
not walk because of slow, do not go because of seeing, do not go because of the
move, do not go because of doubt, do not worry about the potential trend and go,
not not and legally driven, guide, transport, conquer." To be not in the group
in the arteous argument.

"The Silent is quiet among those who are not silent": "The Silent", "The Greedy
Silent State is Silent, the Silent of the Silent, the Silent of the Silent, the
Silent of the Silent... All miscreated silence, quilted state, calmed down
state, extinguished state, cooled state, left state, stopped state of silence,
silence, dead, cooler, Stop interest." For the Silent. "In those who are not
silent, in those who are not silent, in those who do not stop, in the undead, in
those who do not cool down, among those who do not stop." For the silent among
those who are not silent. "He is calm," Arrohan has six calmness: after seeing
color, neither happy nor sad to live in peace, mindfulness, mindfulness; after
listening to the voice of the ear... (medium) who has been practiced when he is
waiting to die: He is Has been adjusted to the Royal (Silent)." He is calm for
the silent among those who are not silent.

"Who does not pick up and others pick up": "Others hold, take, hold, persist
because of their thirst love, take, persist, Arrohan watched, do not hold, do
not take, do not persist." For those who do not pick up while others pick up.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Muni is not a group in the debate that has arisen, after he has left the bond
here in the world,

The Silent is calm among those who are not silent; he does not pick up and
others pick up."

148. abandon the troubles before do not do new, non-arriving wishers are not
     obsolete,

He is a wise man who has been freed from evil, and does not pollute himself in
the world.

"Do not do new after abandoning the troubles before": ""Before the troubles are
known as the color of the past, about the past all the lines that can produce
pollution after abandonment, after abandoning, after giving up forever, abandon
After, after deportation, after the end, make it to absent. ' To abandon the
troubles before. "Do not do new", the new is called the color of the present,
about the current practice, is the unauthor of the desire, the non-author of
love, the greedy does not author; the person who does not make it born, not by
the producer, not born, Not born." Do not do new ones after discarding the
previous annoyance.

"The non-arriving desires is not a true theist"""He should not walk around, do
not go around, do not go obsessed should not walk, do not go horror should not
walk, do not go because of greed, do not go because of obsession, do not go
because of obsession, not slow Go, do not go due to see, do not go because of
the fall, do not go because of doubt, do not worry about potential trends and
go, not to be evicted, guided, carried, {no?} Conquer. ' For non-arriving wills.
"It is also not a perseverist," not 'The world is constant, this is the real,
the rest is empty. ' Perpetual theist; the world is very constant... (medium)
not "After death neither exists nor does it exist, this is true, the others are
empty." Peritist." For those who do not reach the desire nor a true theist.

"He is a wise man who has been liberated from evil opinion": "For him, Sixty-two
evil has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, and burned
by a fire of wisdom. He has been freed from evil opinion, and he dwelt away from
the restrained heart. The wise is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the
feeling, the wise, the difference, the wise. For He is a wise man who has been
freed from evil.

"Do not pollute themselves in the world": "Adhesion", "There are two kinds of
adhesion: [because] the adhesion of love and [because] see... (medium) This is
the adhesion of thirsty love... Adhesive. For him, the adhesion of thirsty love
has been cut off, the adhesion of the see has been dismissed, the state of the
disconnected state of the adhesion of the thirst, the adhesion of see is not
contaminated in the worlds of bitterness, human worlds No pollution, the world
of heaven does not pollute, the world is not polluting, the world is not
polluting, not strong pollution, not close pollution (no pollution), no
pollution, no strong pollution, is not close Contamination. He has departed,
departed, liberated, and from the bondage, and dwelt with a restrained heart."
To be non-polluting in the world.

"Do not rebuke oneself," rebuke yourself for two reasons: what was done and what
was not done. What is he rebuked himself for what was done and what was not
done? "The evil deeds that I have done, not by me." He rebuked himself; "The
evil deeds of my words... (in the middle) of my wicked deeds which I did... by
my wickedness, I did not have my vision." He rebukes himself, so that he rebukes
himself for what was done and what was not done.

Or, 'I'm not all branches on my ring. ' He rebuked himself, 'I am not a guardian
of the root. ' ... 'I'm not the right amount of diet. ' ... 'I'm not a sober
specializing in. ' ... 'I am not a man of mind and cognition. ' ... 'Four
thoughts were not practiced by me. ' ... 'Four is not practiced by me. ' ...
'Four gods have not been practiced by me. ' ... 'Five were not practiced by me.
' ... 'Five forces have not been practiced by me. ' ... 'Seven Joyuchu was not
practiced. ' ... 'Eight sacred paths have not been practiced by me. ' ...
'Suffering is not known to me. ... 'Set was not cut off by me. ' ... "The way
was not practiced by me. ... 'I have not testified. ' He rebukes himself, so he
rebukes himself for what was done and what was not done, and he rebuked himself.
The unauthor of this act, the person who does not make it born, not by the
producer, the person who is not born, does not be born, does not rebuke
himself." Not to rebuke yourself for not contaminating in the world.

Because then, Worldman said:

"After abandoning the troubles before, do not do new ones, nor are they who
reach the desire, nor the obsession,

He is a wise man who has been freed from evil, and does not pollute himself in
the world.

149. He is a Legion in all law: whosoever is seen or heard,

The burden of the Muni has been removed, the unbuilder, the unstoppable, the
undesirable. [Like this Worldman (said)]

"He is departing from the Legion in all laws: whatsoever seen or heard of it":
"Legion is called the devil, devil devil devil devil devil devil devil; evil
devil devil devil army; greed... devil... devil... angry... resentment... hidden
evil... arbitrary... jealousy... hypocrisy... cunning... stubborn... passion...
slow... slow... slow... relax... all pollution... all evil deeds... all
annoying... ... all scorched heat... all irritated... all bad made as an army of
demons.

This was said by Worldman [Sn.3.2, 438-441]

"To be your first legion, disjoy is called the second,

... (medium)

The man who has no courage does not defeat him, after victory will be able to
gain peace."

When all the Demon and all hostile pollution are conquered, defeated, destroyed,
destroyed, and turned open face, it is called Legion. He is inAnd those who saw
departed from the Legion; in what they heard... in their sense... departed from
the Legion. For He is from the Legion in all law: whosoever has seen or heard
it.

"The burden of Muni has been removed and freed": "The burden" has three kinds of
burdens: the burden of the burden, the burden of pollution, and the burden
created. What is the burden of owing? The birth of color, subject, want, line,
knowledge, this is the burden of embracing. What is the burden of pollution?
Greed, chilly, mischief... (medium) all bad work, this is the burden of
pollution. What is the burden of making? Fuxing, non-blessing, inaction, this is
the burden of creating. The root has been cut off due to the burden of
contamination and the burden of pollution, the root has been cut off, like a
rootless palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, which is called
the burden has been removed, the burden has fallen, the burden has fallen,
burdened. Has landed, the burden has completely landed, the burden has been laid
down, the burden has stopped.

"Muni", known as wisdom, understanding, simplification, study, selection,
identification, identification, discernance, wisdom (eruity), skilled, smart,
thinking, reflection, review, general (comprehensive), wisdom , Ying Chi,
Bisherna, righteous, thorn stick, Hui, Wisen, Wisdom, Wisdom, Wisdom, Hui
bright, Hui bright, Hui light, Hui light, Hui Bao, insane, choice of method,
positive view, with that wisdom for Mune, to Muna.

There are three types of Muni bits (perfect virtue): Muni-bit, Muni-language,
imuni bit. What is a Muni-bit? Three kinds of wicked deeds to be the Muni; three
kinds of good acts of the Muni; in the body of wisdom for the Muni; the body is
known as the Muni; and the know-how for the muni; about the desire and greedy of
the body The break is a Muni position; the fourth Zen [income] extinguished to
be a Muni, this is the position of Muni.

What is the language Muni bit? The four words of evil deeds are the word Muni
bit; four languages of good deeds; in the language of wisdom is the language of
the Muni bit; the word is known as the muni bit; and the word is the muni bit;
about the desire and greed The break is the word Muni bit; the word line [seek
servo] extinguish the second Zen and so on to the word Muni, this is the
language of the

What is Imuni Bit? Three kinds of evil deeds are cut off for Munii; Three kinds
of good deeds imony; in the heart of the wisdom of the Munii position; the heart
is known as Munii position; and all know the way to Muni; About the desire and
greedy of the heart The disconnection is meant to be the Muni; the desire of the
heart of extinction is imuni, this is the imuni.

"Muni, language Muni, Yimuni for no worries,

Munies had a foot in the place of Munies, and they said they were all the

Muni, language Muni, Yimuni for no worries,

Muni is full of the place of Muni, and they say that evil is cleansed.

Six types of Munii have these three methods: "Munii at home, homeless muni,
learning Muni, no school Muni, no school Muni, and Muni [of the] Muni." Which
are at home Muni? Those who saw the footsteps, and had known the commandments in
their families, these were in the house of Muni. Which are homeless Muni? These
are those who see their footsteps, and who have known the commandments, are in
the house of Muni. Seven kinds of learning to learn Muni, Alohan for no school
Muni, a Buddha for a pig Muni, Muni-Muni is known as Rulaii, Alo Han, all
positive feeling.

"Not to Mune (silence) as a Mune, an unwise man of disshape,

After lifting the scale, take the top and become a wise person.

Avoiding the evil, the Muni, because of that, he became Muni,

Whosoever understands both [inside and outside] in the world, because that is
said to be Muni.

Knowing the law of the bad and the good in all the world, both inside and
outside,

He is Muni after being fed by heaven and man, and beyond the dyed net."

"Liberated", the heart of Muni has been freed from greed, liberated, good
relief; heart has been dissociated from the ethereal... heart has been
dissociated from, liberated, liberated from all bad... (middle) heart from all
bad to create separation, relief, good relief." For that Muni burden has been
removed has been liberated.

"It is the unbuilder, the unstoppable, the undesiring [like this worldly
(said)]": "Construct, "There are two types of constructions: [because of] thirst
construction and [because] see constructions... Construct... (medium slightly)
This is the construction of see. "For him the construction of love has been cut
off, the construction of see has been dismissed, the state of the longing
construction has been cut off, the state of the construction of the Seen, the
construction of the longest, the construction of the longest or see the
construction he does not build, Do not produce it, do not produce it, do not
give birth, not to give birth." for not constructor. "Those who do not stop",
all ignorance, they are dyed, good van, including seven kinds of school, to
deserve the unearned, shouldAmongst, abstain from, abstain from reaching, and
who should testify and not testify. Arrohan has been separated, forbent,
forbent, removed, departed, freed, and bound, and dwelt with a restrained
heart." For no constructor, no stop. "Do not seek", hope is called thirsty love,
that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad root. Whosoever is for him
that desires, and his thirst is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable
to be born, and burned by a wisdom fire, he is called the Unwanted.

"Worldworld", synonyms of respect. In addition, the "corrupt" is worldly;
"destroyed" is worldly; "spoilt the slower" is worldly; "destroyed the slower"
is worldly; "destroyed" is worldly; "has destroyed the thorns" for Worldship;
"Destroy the polluter" for worldship; "division, analysis, distinction" for
worldship; "some end" for worldship; "have been practiced, the heart has been
practiced, the heart has been practiced, Hui has been practiced" for worldship ;
or "Worldworld is forest, wilderness, borderland residence (sitting place): less
voice, quiet, away atmosphere, person alone, suitable for sitting alone; or
'Worldworld is clothing, feeding, Accommodation, patient's needs, medical
necessities" is worldly; or "Worldworld is the meaning, flavor, relief, increase
the ring, increase the heart, add the heart, increase the wisdom, increase the
whims" for worldly; or "Worldzon is the four kinds of Zen, Four no quantity,
four colorless to the points" for worldship; or "Worldship is eight relief,
eight wins, nine times the first place to have points" for worldship; or
"Worldworld is ten want to practice, ten places to wait to, into and out of mind
Waiting until, not net to have points" is worldly; or "worldou is four, four
positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven senses, eight holy way" is
worldly; or "Worldworld is ten as a power, four Fearless, four unhindered
solutions, six god, six senses are worldly. Worldworld, this name is not given
by the mother; not given by the father; given by a non-brother; given by a
non-sister; given by a non-friend; not his relatives; not by Samana and Brahmen;
Unheavenly This is the relief of the Buddha, worldly, and under the linden tree,
and the acquisition and testimony of all wisdom and wisdom, that is, Worldom.
For those who do not construct, do not stop, do not seek [like this worldly
(say)].

Because then, Worldman said:

"He is from the Legion in all laws: whosoever has seen or heard,

The burden of the Muni has been removed, the unbuilder, the unstoppable, the
undesirable. [Like this Worldman (said)]"

Instructions for configuring Escripture thirteenth [Completed].



Excerpt:

1. should not argue: the outcome of the debate is only victory (grievance),
   defeat (restless).

2. Both abduction and prohibition/innocence must be disconnected (law is not yet
   available).

3. bittern/misde/forward /hope/enthusiasm are still in all kinds of
   reincarnation.

4. see what can be done if there is no severed pollution?

5. The liberator is not a wickerer nor a kinship of wisdom (wickedness).

12/13/2020 11:35

