13. Instructions for configuring Dajing

Secondly, the instructions for configuring the Dajing will say:

130. Anyone who has seen these things, and those who tell "this is true",

Those are all just incurring rebuke, or do they get praise there too?

"Anyone who sees any of these": ""everything", all completely, every aspect
completely, no surplus, the whole earth, this is the language of ubiquitous,
"everything". "Seeing staying "Zhe", some Samana and Brahmins are evil views.
After controlling, grasping, picking up, clinging, and clinging to one of the
sixty-two evil views, they live and share their views. Live, live, stay (live
all over), such as living in the family at home, or the guilty person living in
sin, or the polluter living in the pollution. Similarly, some... (omitted) stay
(live all over). "For all those who have seen these things.

"And those who tell "this is real"": ""The world is constant, this is real, and
everything else is empty." They tell, tell, talk, explain, speak; the world is
very Constant... (omitted) "After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does
not exist, this is true, and everything else is empty." They tell, tell, talk,
explain, speak." For and those who tell "this Is the real".

"Those all only incurred rebuke": "Those Samana and Brahmins all only followed
the rebuke, only the scold, and only the rebuke; they were all only rebuked,
only scolded, and only rebuked." For those all only incurred rebuke. .

"Or did they get praise there too": "There they get, get, arrive, find
admiration, praise, praise, and admiration with their own views, their likes,
their hobbies, and their opinions. "Why do they get praise there too?"

Because of that, Huaren said:

"Anyone who sees these things, and those who tell "this is true",

Those are all just incurring rebuke, or do they get praise there too? "

131. This is small and insufficient for peace. I said there are two consequences
     of arguing.

After seeing this, he shouldn't argue: he should not argue as a stable one.

"This is less and insufficient for calm": ""This is less", "This is less; this
is inferior; this is only a few; this is low; this is inferior intent ; This is
insignificant." Because this is less. "Not enough for peace", what belongs to
greed is for peace, what belongs to anger is for peace, what belongs to
foolishness is for peace, and what belongs to anger ...Belonging to
resentment...belonging to evil...belonging to bossy...belonging to
jealous...belonging to stingy...belonging to hypocritical...belonging to
cunning...belonging to stubborn...belonging to passion...belonging Slow...
Belongs to extremely slow... Belong to slow... Be free... Belong to all
pollution... Belong to all evil... Belong to all troubles... Belong to all
scorching heat... Belong to all heat Annoyed... all the unwholesome contrived
things are not enough for peace, for silence, for calming down, for cooling, for
cessation, and for cessation." For this is less. It's not enough for calm.

"I said that there are two results of arguing": "The quarrel of seeing, the
argument of seeing, the argument of seeing, the argument of seeing, the result
of seeing dissent, there are two results: victory and defeat; gain and failure;
reputation, There is no reputation; there are reprimands and praises; there are
sufferings and pleasures; there are joys and depressions; there are satisfied
and dissatisfied; there are love and disgust; there are proud and depressed;
there are compliance and opposition. Or, "That kamma is Lead to hell, lead to
animal world, lead to hungry ghost world." I said, I explained, I taught, I
informed, I established, I uncovered, I analyzed, I clarified, I explained."
There are two.

"He shouldn't argue after seeing this": ""After seeing this", "This trouble: in
the quarrel of seeing, the argument of seeing, the dispute of seeing, the
argument of seeing, the disagreement of seeing after seeing, after seeing ,
After weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." In order to
see this, "he should not argue," he [should not argue,] should not quarrel,
should not argue, should not argue , Should not argue, should not engage in
disagreement, quarrel, arguing, arguing, arguing, arguing, disagreement, he
should abandon, should be driven away, should end, should make it go to
non-existence. It should have gone from quarreling, arguing, Arguing, arguing,
dissociation of disagreement, abstinence, abstinence, renunciation,
renunciation, liberation, renunciation, he should live with the heart of
separation and limitation."He shouldn't argue after seeing this.

"The one who does not argue is the stable one": "The one who does not argue is
called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation
of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, Nibbana. See,
Seeing, watching, contemplating, and observing are unarguably stable, refuge,
refuge, refuge, fearless, non-dead, immortal, and Nibbana." It is the unarguable
as the stable.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"This is small and insufficient for peace. I said there are two consequences of
arguing.

After seeing this, he shouldn't argue: he should not argue as a stable one. "

132. For any of these mundane general insights, the wise do not reach all of
     these,

non-sticker Why does he come to stickiness: he doesn't like what he sees and
hears?

"Any of these mundane general opinions": ""Anything", all completely, every
aspect completely, with no surplus, the whole earth, this is the ubiquitous
language, which is "anything". "General opinion" , The general opinion is called
the general opinion of sixty-two evil views. "Ordinary", "general opinions
arising from ordinary people" are ordinary, or "general opinions arising widely
from all kinds of people" are ordinary ." For any of these mundane general
opinions.

"The wise man does not reach all of this": "The wise man is the one who has
reached the world, the wise, the wise, and the wise. The secular view guides all
this, he does not reach, does not arrive, does not grasp, does not take, does
not cling "For the wise, none of this is reached.

"Why does the non-attachment come to the attachment": ""Attachment", there are
two kinds of attachments: the attachment of craving and the attachment of
seeing... (Omitted) This is the attachment of craving... (Omitted) This is
seeing Attachment. For him, the attachment to thirsting has been cut off; the
attachment to seeing has been cut off, in the state where the attachment to
thirsting has been cut off, the attachment to seeing has been cut off, "no
attachment Why do people who come to arrive, reach, hold, take, and cling to my
true self? Feeling...thinking...doing...knowing...interesting...death...being
born...being (existing) ......Reincarnation...Why does he arrive, arrive, hold,
take, and cling to?" Why does he come to clinging as an unattached person?

"I don't like people in what I see, or what I see, or what I hear, or what I
hear, or what I feel, or what I feel, or what I feel is pure. Greedy; those who
do not make them born, those who are not produced, those who are not born, and
those who are not born." Those who do not like what they see and hear.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Any of these mundane general insights, the wise man does not reach all of this,

non-sticker Why does he come to stickiness: he doesn't like what he sees and
hears? "

133. Those who take the precepts as the highest They say that [self] inhibition
     is pure: those who appear after being restrained,

Let us learn here and then there will be purity, claiming that the skillful will
be led to there.

"Those who take the precepts as the highest, they say that [self] inhibition is
pure": "Some Samana and Brahmans are the highest preceptors. They take the level
of precepts, the level of [self] suppression, the level of self-control, and not
violate The degree of being is pure, pure, pure all over; detachment,
liberation, detachment all over, "they say, tell, tell, talk, explain, speak."

Samen Mudi Kuzuko said: The owner! I have established that the men who possess
the four methods are those who have goodness, the highest of goodness, those who
obtain the supreme attainment, and the Samana who cannot overcome them. Which
four? Homeowner! Here, he does not act as evil deeds, does not speak evil words,
does not intend with evil intentions, does not live a life of evil, the owner! I
have established that the man who possesses these four methods is the one who
has goodness, the supreme one who is good, the one who is supremely attained,
and the unsurpassable Shaman [MN.78]. Similarly, some Samana and Brahmans are
the supreme scepters of precepts. They regard the degree of precept, the degree
of [self] restraint, the degree of self-control, and the degree of non-violation
as pure, pure, and pure; detachment, liberation, and pervasiveness. Separation,
"They say, tell, tell, talk, explain, speak. "" is the one who takes precepts as
the highest. They say that [self] inhibition is pure.

"Those who appear after being restrained": ""Prohibition", like prohibition, or
horse prohibition, or cattle prohibition, or dog prohibition, or crow
prohibition, or Vishnus prohibition, or Litian prohibition, or Manxian
prohibition , Or Zhuxian prohibition, or fire prohibition, or dragon
prohibition, or golden-winged bird prohibition, or Yaksha prohibition, or asura
prohibition, or Gandapo prohibition, or king prohibition, or moon prohibition,
or day prohibition, or Indra Prohibition, or Brahma prohibition, or heaven
prohibition, or position prohibition, after they cling, After being held, after
taking, after taking on, after taking up, after grasping, after clinging to be
manifested, manifested, adhered, entered, infected, and directed toward. "This
is the one that emerged after being subject to the restraint.

"Let us study here and then there will be purity": ""Here", in my own views, my
likes, my hobbies, and my opinions. "Let us learn", let us learn, let us
practice, let us practice, and let us turn after being sustained. "For us to
study here. "Then there will be purity", and then there will be purity, purity,
and purity; detachment, liberation, detachment. "In order for us to learn here
and then there will be purity.

"Declaring that the skillful are led to being": ""Being led to being", "being
led to being, being caught in being, being taken to being, being directed
towards being." is being led to being. "Declaring the skillful", the skillful
speaker, the wise speaker, the firm speaker, the [with] method, the [with]
reason, the [with] characteristic Those who speak, those who [have] basis, those
who make their own claims possible." Those who claim to be skillful are led to
have.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Those who take the precepts as the highest they say that [self] inhibition is
pure: those who appear after being restrained,

Let us learn here and then there will be purity, claiming that the skillful will
be led to there. "

134. If he died from precepts and prohibitions, he trembles after failing the
     behavior

He hoped and hoped for purity, like a traveler from home abandoned by a caravan.

"If he died from precepts and prohibitions": "He died from precepts and
prohibitions for two reasons: he was interrupted by others, or he died when he
did not reach them. How to interrupt him by others' Did you die? "The
interruption of others": That master is not all wise, the Dhamma is not said to
be good, [its] groups are not those who follow good, seeing is not good, the
deeds are not set up by the good, and the way is not detached , Here is not
pure, or pure, or pure; or detached, or liberated, or detached, not here they
become pure, or become pure, or become pure; or are detached, or are To be
liberated, or to be detached everywhere, is inferior, despicable, inferior,
inferior, inferior intent, and insignificant. This is "interrupted by others."
In this way, the master will die when interrupted, and the law will tell Did he
die, the group did not die, see did not die, the path did not die, the Tao did
not die, so he was interrupted by others. How did he die when he did not reach?
When he did not reach the precept, he never died No, he died from the
prohibition when the prohibition was not reached, and he died from the
prohibition and the prohibition when the prohibition was not reached, so he died
when the prohibition was not reached." For if he died from the prohibition and
the prohibition.

"He trembled after the act failed": ""He trembled", ""I lost the precept or
prohibition or both the precept and the prohibition; by me, violated by me,
overturned by me, lost by me, and I am a violator completely intellectually." He
was trembling, trembling (strong tremor), and trembling (strong tremor).
Trembling for him. "After the act fails", "Blessed or non-blessed or immobile is
lost by me; violated by me; overturned by me; lost by me, I am a violator
completely intellectually. He was shaking, trembling, trembling greatly. "He
trembled after the failure of the act.

"He wants and prays for purity": ""He wants", "He longs for precept, or he longs
for restraint, or he longs for precept and restraint, he hopes and prays." He
prays for him. "And pray for purity", he He prays for the purity of the
precepts, or he prays for the purity of the prohibition, or he prays for the
purity of the precepts and prohibitions." He prays for the purity of his wishes
and hopes.

"If a man who has traveled from home is abandoned by a caravan": "If a man has
left home and regards the caravan as a far traveler or resident (living person),
he is abandoned by the caravan, he may pursue that caravan Or go home. In the
same way, the evil-viewer either holds the master or other masters; or holds the
narration of that method, or holds the narration of other methods; or holds the
group, or holds Other groups; or holding that view, or holding other views; or
holding that path, or holding other paths; or holding that path, or holding
other paths, he takes and clings to it." The far-traveler was abandoned by the
caravan.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"If he died from precepts and prohibitions, he trembles after the failure of the
behavior,

He hoped and hoped for purity, like a traveler from home abandoned by a caravan.
"

135. But after giving up all precepts and prohibitions, and this act of guilt
     and innocence,

"Pure and impure" Those who do not pray, do not pick up those who have quit
after silence.

"But renounce all precepts and prohibitions": "After all [causes] the purity of
precepts are cut off, after abandoning, after being driven away, after the end,
after making them non-existent, all [causes] forbidden are pureAfter
renunciation, after abandoning, after exorcising, after finishing, after making
it go to non-existence, all [cause] the purity of precept and prohibition after
giving up, after giving up, after being driven away, after finishing, making it
come to After it doesn't exist. "For but to give up all precepts and
prohibitions.

"And after this guilty and innocent behavior": "The guilty behavior is called
black and black fruit; the innocent behavior is called white and white fruit.
After the guilty behavior and the innocent behavior are abolished , After giving
up, after being expelled, after the end, making it go to the post of
non-existence." After this act of guilt and innocence.

""Pure and impure" do not pray": ""Impurity", they want impurity: they want
unwholesome Dhamma; "pure", they want purity: they want five desires. They want
impurity: they want impurity They desire five desires; they desire purity: they
desire sixty-two evil views. They desire impurity: they desire unwholesome law,
they desire five desires, they desire sixty-two evil views; they desire purity:
they desire Good Dhamma in the Three Realms. They want impurity: they want
unwholesome Dhamma, they want five desires, they want sixty-two evil views, they
want good Dhamma in the Three Realms; they want purity: good ordinary people
want to enter, have The students hope for the first realm of the Arahant state.
The Arahant who has reached the Arahant state neither desires unwholesome dhamma,
nor the five desires, nor the sixty-two evil views, nor the good dhamma in the
three realms, nor the decision It does not want to enter the realm of the first
Dhamma Arahant. The desired transcendence, the Arahant has surpassed growth and
retreat, he is a person who has fallen into a state, a person who has
practiced... (Omitted) The cycle of birth and death, without his rebirth. "Is a
"pure and impure" who does not pray.

"He who has abstained without taking up silence can do it": ""The one who has
abstained", "He has been separated from pure and impure, has abstained, has
abstained, has renounced, has renounced, has been liberated, has renounced He is
bound, he lives in the heart of being free from being restricted." He is the one
who has abstained from. "Able to do", "Able to do, to move, to live, to act, to
turn, to guard, to sustain, to be able To survive." It is possible for the
person who has abstained. "After not picking up the silence," the silence is
called the silence of sixty-two evil views. He [keep] not holding, not taking,
and not clinging." In order not to pick up the silence, those who have abstained
can do it.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"But after giving up all precepts and prohibitions, and this act of guilt and
innocence,

"Pure and impure" Those who do not pray, do not pick up those who have quit
after silence. "

136. Rely on asceticism or disgust, or even after seeing or hearing or feeling,

After        went forward, they proclaimed that they were pure, and those who
thirsty and thirsty were in various existence.

"Depending on asceticism or disgust": "Some Samanas and Brahmins are austerity
and aversionists, those with austerity and aversion as the core, those who
depend on asceticism and aversion, those who stop, those who stick to them,
those who fall into them, those who stick to them, those who hold the mind
Toward (victorious solution)." It means to rely on asceticism or disgust.

"Or even what you see or what you hear or what you feel after": "The purity of
what you see or what you see; the purity of what you hear or hear; the purity of
what you hear or hear; the purity of what you feel or feel, after reliance,
after relying, after picking up, grasping Later, after attachment." It is also
after seeing or hearing or feeling.

"After going forward, they proclaimed purity": "Some Samana and Brahmins are the
critics after going forward. Which Samana and Brahmans are the critics after
going forward? Van Samana and Brahmins are the ultimate pure, reincarnation
pure, no work Seers, constant commentators, these Samana, Brahmins, they are the
commentators after going forward. They applaud, inform, tell, talk, explain, and
say that reincarnation is pure, pure, and pure; detachment, liberation, and
detachment." After going forward they proclaimed purity.

"The thirsty lovers are in all kinds of existence": "'Thirst for love", the
thirst for color, thirst for sound, thirst for smell, thirst for taste, thirst
for touch, thirst for Dhamma. "In all kinds of existence", in all kinds of
existence of kamma, in existence of desire, in existence of desire; in existence
of desire, in existence of substance; in existence of kamma, in existence of
colorlessness There is again; in the kamma of the colorless existence, there is
again and again; in the repeated interest, in the rebirth, in the rebirth, in
the birth of the individual, without leaving the thirst for love , Those who are
not thirsty, those who have not given up their thirst, those who have not
eliminated thirsty, those who have not released their thirsty, those who have
not given up their thirsty, those who have not quit their thirsting." .

Because of that, the Lord said:

"After relying on asceticism or disgust, or even after seeing or hearing or
feeling,

After        went forward, they declared that they were pure, and that those who
thirsty and thirsty were in all kinds of existence. "

137. It is true for those who wishThere are many aspirations, but also trembling
     in the fixed view,

For those who do not have death and deceased here, why would he tremble or where
would he long for it?

"There are indeed many aspirations for the hopeful": "Hope is called craving,
which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed,
unwholesome roots. "For the hopeful", " For the person who wants, for the person
who wants, for the person who wants, for the recipient, for the person who
desires, and for the person who prays." For the person who wants. "There are
indeed many aspirations. ", Desire is called craving, it is greed, greed...
(abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots." For those who desire, there are
indeed many desires.

"Also trembling in the fixed view": "Constant view", there are two kinds of
fixed view: [because] the fixed view of thirsting and [because] the fixed view
of seeing... …(Omitted) This is a fixed view. "Also tremble in the fixed view":
"They tremble when the things that have been fixed are suspected of being
robbed, they also tremble when they are robbed, they also tremble when they are
robbed; They also tremble when they change, and they also tremble, tremble, and
tremble greatly when they change.

"For those who do not have death and dying here": ""For those who...", for the
Arahant; for those who have exhausted their troubles. All their interactions,
interactions, interactions, death time Everywhere, all kinds of death, rebirth,
birth, disintegration, birth, senescence, death they do not have, do not exist,
are not known, are not discovered, have been cut off, cut off, calmed down,
stopped, cannot arise , Burned by the fire of wisdom." For those who don't have
death and passing away here.

"Why would he tremble or where he would eagerly look forward to": "Why would he
tremble with greed? Why would he be trembling? Why would he be trembling with
ignorance? Why would he tremble with slow? Why would he tremble with what What
kind of behavior he will tremble? What kind of suspicion he will tremble? What
is the latent trend of troubles he will tremble, becoming a "sick", or
"disgusting", or "stupid", or "bound" , Or "the one who clings to", or "come to
the disorganized", or "come to the unpleasant", or "come to the firm one"? What
is the interesting thing about the state that the deeds have been cut off, and
the deeds are cut off, he will tremble and become a "hell", or a "beast", or a
"hungry ghost", or a "person" Or "heaven", or "colorful", or "colorless", or
"thinking", or "non-thinking", or "neither thinking nor non-thinking"? He has no
cause, no predestiny, and no factors, so he will tremble, tremble, and tremble
greatly. "Why he would tremble. "Where would he be eager", or where would he be
eager? On which one would he look forward to? Where would he be eager; would he
hope; would he pray? "Why would he tremble or where would he look forward to?"

Because of that, the Lord said:

"There are indeed many hopes for those who wish, and they are also trembling in
the fixed view,

For those who do not have death and deceased here, why would he tremble or where
would he long for it? "

138. Some people in the law say "it is the highest", but others say "it is
     inferior."

Then which of these speakers is true? Because these people all claim to be
skillful.

"Some people in the Dhamma say "it is the highest"": "The Dhamma, seeing, the
path, the Tao, some Samana and Brahmins say this, say this, talk this, explain
this, say this: "This is the highest , The first, the most victorious, the
extraordinary, the first, the most, the top."" Some people say "it is the
highest."

"But other people said, "That's what is inferior." "As for the Dhamma, View,
Taoism, Tao, some Samana and Brahmins say so, talk like this, talk like this,
explain this, say like this: "This is bad , This is despicable, this is
inferior, this is inferior, this is inferior intent, this is insignificant.""
Because other people said, "That is inferior."

"Then which speaker of these people is true": "Which speaker of these Samana and
Brahmins is true, truthful, true, factual, correct, and not inverted?" So which
of these speakers is true .

"Because these people are all professing skillful people": "These Samana and
brahmins are all skillful speakers, wise speakers, strong speakers, [have]
methods, [have] Reasoners, [have] characteristics, [have] grounds, [have]
grounds, and have their own opinions as possible." Because these people are all
those who claim to be skillful.

because of thatPeople say:

"Some people in the world say "it is the highest", but others say "that is the
inferior",

Which of these said        is true? These are all professing skillful people. "

139. It is true that they say that their own Dhamma is perfect, and they say
     that the Dhamma of others is inferior.

After holding        in this way, they argued, and they said that their opinions
were true.

"It is true that they say that their own Dhamma is complete": "Their own Dhamma,
see, path, Tao, some Samana, Brahmins say this... (omitted) said: "This is
complete, complete, and perfect. "" To be sure, they said that their Fa is
Consummation.

"And the law of other people is inferior": "Other people's law, vision, path,
and Tao, some Samana and Brahmins say so, speak this way, talk so, explain this,
say like this: "This is inferior. , This is despicable, this is inferior, this
is inferior, this is inferior intent, this is insignificant." In order to say
that the law of other people is inferior.

"After holding this way, they argue": "After holding this way, after grasping,
after picking up, after grasping, after grasping, they argue, quarrel, argue,
argue, argue, and argue: "You don't know This law, law... (omitted) Please
dismantle it, if you can."" They argued after holding it like this.

"They said their opinions are true": "The world is constant, this is true, and
everything else is empty." They said their opinions are true; the world is very
constant... (omitted) "After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does not
exist, this is true, and everything else is empty." They said that their
opinions are true.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"It is true that they say that their own Dhamma is perfect, and that other
people's Dhamma is inferior.

After        held in this way, they argued, and they said that their opinions
were true. "

140. If you are contemptuous by your opponents and become inferior, there will
     be no winner in any law.

because each of them tells others that the law is despicable, and about
themselves, they claim to be strong.

"If you are scorned by your opponent, you will become an inferior": "If the
opponent [just] becomes a fool, an inferior, an inferior, an inferior, an
inferior because of the reason for being scorned by the opponent, the cause of
reprimand, the cause of blaming, and the reason , Inferior intentions,
insignificant people." If you are contemptuous by your opponents, you will
become inferior.

"There will be no superior in any Dhamma: "In Dhamma there will not be any
first, most superior, superior, top, top, top." It is in any Dhamma. There will
be no winners.

"Because each of them tells others that the law is despicable": "Most people
say, insult, accuse, and reprimand [other] most of the laws are inferior,
despicable, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, insignificant . A person also
speaks, insults, accuses, and reprimands [other] most of the laws as inferior,
despicable, inferior, low, inferior, and insignificant. One person also speaks,
insults, accuses, and reprimands [the other] The law is inferior, despicable,
inferior, inferior, inferior intent, and insignificant." Because they all inform
others of the law [for despicable].

"{For the despicable,} about oneself is the one who claims to be strong": "My
own Dhamma, my own view, my own path, my own way, in my own path are a strong
speaker, a strong saying The one who is strong, the one who is established." is
{for the mean,} about oneself is the one who declares strong.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"If you are contemptuous by your opponents and become inferior, there will be no
winner in any law.

because each of them tells others that the law is despicable, and about
themselves, they claim to be strong. "

141. The Dhamma that they respect is true, as they praise their way,

then everything said will become truthful, because for those people purity is
their own.

"The Dhamma that oneself respects is true": What is the respect of oneself
Dhamma? Respect, respect, adore, and respect your own master: "This master is
all wise." This is the respect of one's own Dhamma. Talking about my own
Dhamma... my own group... my own views... my own path... my own path is
respectful, respectful, admired, and respected: "This way is renunciation." This
is the own way. respect. "The Dhamma that oneself respects is true": "The
respect of one's own Dhamma [just] is true, truthful[, true], factual, correct,
and irreversible." The Dhamma respected by oneself is real.

"As they praise"Own way": "Dhamma is their own way, seeing is their own way,
path is their own way, Tao is their own way, they praise, admire, praise, praise
their own way." As they praise themselves road.

"Then everything said will become truthful": "Everything said will become true,
truthful [, true], fact, correct, and irreversible." So everything said will
become truthful.

"Because to those people purity is their own": "For those Samanas and Brahmins,
they are pure, pure, and all-free; detachment, liberation, and detachment are
their own." Because to those people, purity is their own. .

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The Dhamma that they respect is true, as they praise their way,

then everything said will become truthful, because for those people purity is
their own. "

142. For Brahmins who are not guided by others, [and] are held tightly after
     being selected in the law,

has therefore been rid of the argument because he does not regard other methods
as the most victorious.

"For Brahmins who are not guided by others": "No" is negative. "Brahman", the
excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is Brahman... (Omitted) Those who are not
dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. "For Brahmins who are not guided
by others": "For Brahmins, those who are not guided by others. Brahmins are
those who are not guided by others, are not dependent on others, are not due to
others, and have reached those who are not bound by others. He [truthfully]
knows and sees that he is the one who is not ignorant, the one who knows
exactly, and the one who remembers: "All actions are impermanent" for a Brahmin
without being guided by others, a Brahmin is one who is not guided by others and
does not follow Those who stop others, those who are not due to others, have
reached those who are not bound by others, he [truthfully] knows and sees, is
the one who is not ignorant, the one who knows right, and the one who remembers;
"All actions are suffering"...( (Normal) "Any collection of Dhamma is an end to
Dhamma." For Brahmins, they are not guided by others. Brahmans are those who are
not led by others, are not dependent on others, are not due to others, and have
reached those who are not bound by others. [Factually] Knowing and seeing are
those who are not ignorant, knowers, and rememberers." For Brahmins, they are
not guided by others.

"After being selected in the Dhamma, it is held tightly": ""On the Dhamma", in
the sixty-two evil views. "After the selection", after the decision, after the
judgment, after the selection, after the selection, after the evaluation, after
the judgment , After separation, after clarification. ["Clamped",] Limited grip,
partial grip, uppermost grip, fixed amount grip, accumulated grip, fully
accumulated grip: "This is true[, truthful] , True, factual, correct, not
upside-down." They are held, clinging, attached, taken, and believed." They
don't, don't exist, are not known, are not discovered, they have been abandoned.
Discontinued, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire
of wisdom. "It means being held tightly after the decision is made in law.

"Therefore arguing has been cast off": "'Therefore, therefore; that reason; that
cause; that condition; that cause. The quarrel, the argument, the argument, the
argument, the disagreement between seeing have been shaken off , Has been
traversed, has been crossed, has been overcome." Because of this, the argument
has been cast off.

"Because he does not regard other dhamma as the most victorious": "In addition
to dhammas, in addition to all righteousness, in addition to the feet of the
gods, in addition to the roots, in addition to the powers, in addition to the
enlightenments In addition to the eight branches of the holy path, he did not
see, did not see, did not watch, did not observe, did not observe [to] the first
and most The most victorious, the superior, the top, the top, the top method."
Because he does not regard other methods as the most victorious.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"For Brahmins who are not guided by others, [and] are held tightly after being
selected in the law,

has thus been rid of the argument because he does not regard other methods as
the most victorious. "

143. I know, I see it like that, some people come back to see as pure,

What can he do if he sees it for himself? After walking too far, they say other
things are pure.

"I know, I see it like that": ""I know", or with his mind I know, or with the
wisdom of his past dwellings. "I see", I see with the naked eye, or with the
sky. Seeing. "It's like that." It's true, truthful[, true], fact, correct, and
not upside down." For me, I see it like that.

"Some people return to view as pure": "Some Samana and Brahmins return to view
as pure, pure, and pure; escape, liberation, and liberationLi: "The world is
constant, this is real, and everything else is empty. Some Samana and Brahmins
return to seeing as pure, pure, and pure; detachment, liberation, and
detachment; the world is very constant... (omitted) "After death, the Tathagata
neither exists nor does not exist, this is true , The others are empty. Some
Samana and Brahmins return to see as pure, pure, and pure; to be free, free, and
free. "For some people to return to seeing as pure.

"If he sees what he can do for himself": ""He sees", "or he saw with his mind,
or with the wisdom of the memory of the past lives, he saw with the naked eye,
or with the sky Seeing." For if he sees. "For him what can be done with that",
for him with that seeing, what has been done? There is no suffering,
omniscience, no judgment, no way Practice, testify without results, give up
right and wrong without greed, give up right and wrong without anger, give up
right and wrong without delusion, give up right and wrong without all kinds of
pollution, and give up without samsara." Seeing what he can do with that.

"After going too far, they said that they were pure in other ways": "In addition
to staying in the four mindfuls, in addition to the righteousness, in addition
to the gods, in addition to the roots, in addition to the power, except In
addition to the various enlightenments, in addition to the eight holy paths,
they crossed, crossed, and overcome the pure path, the pure path, the pure pure
path, the pure white path, and the pure white path. After they told, told,
talked, explained, spoken pure and pure , Pure all over; detachment, liberation,
detachment all the time." This is when they go too far, they say it is pure.

Or, "After the Buddhas and the disciples of the Buddhas and the Pichi Buddhas
have passed, crossed, and overcome the impure, impure, impure, impure, impure,
and impure white paths of the outer path, they practiced four mindfulness , Four
positive diligences, four divine feet, five faculties, five powers, seven
enlightenment factors, eight sacred paths to inform, tell, talk, explain, speak
pure, pure, all-round pure; detachment, liberation, all-free detachment." After
being too far away, they say other things are pure.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"I know, I see it like that, some people come back to see as pure,

What can he do if he sees it for himself? After walking too far, they said
nothing more. "

144. People who see it see name and form, and those who see it will be known,

let him see more or less as he pleases, the skillful people really don't say
that it is pure.

"The one who sees sees the name and form": "The one who sees sees it, or with
his mind, or with the wisdom of the memories of the past lives, sees it with the
naked eye, or with the eyes of the heavens. He only sees the name and form as
constant, The happy, the true self, did not see the gathering, or extinction, or
pleasure, or trouble, or renunciation of those Dhamma." For those who see it,
they see the name and form.

"After seeing those, they will be known": ""After seeing", or after seeing it
with his mind, or after seeing it with the wisdom of recollecting the past
lives, or after seeing it with the naked eye, or after seeing it with the sky.
Those who are known as constant, happy, true self, the gathering, disappearance,
pleasure, or trouble, or wandering of those Dhamma are known." Those who see it
are known.

"Let him see more or less as he pleases": "When he sees more or less names and
colors as he pleases, it is constant, happy, and true." To allow him to see as
he pleases More or less.

"Skillful ones do not say that it is pure": ""Skillful ones", those who have
skillful ones, those who are skilled in the world, those who are skillful, those
who are dependent on the skillful, those who mindful of the skillful, those who
are right and diligent The clever, the clever, the root, the clever, the clever,
the clever, the clever, the clever, the clever, the clever, the clever, the
clever, the clever, or the previous The wisdom of recollection of the world's
dwelling place is either with the naked eye, or with the eyes of the heavens
without speaking, telling, speaking, explaining, or speaking: seeing the name
and form as pure, pure, and pure; detachment, liberation, detachment." It is
true that those skilled in the art do not say pure.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"People who see it see name and form, and those who see it will be known,

let him see more or less as he pleases, the skillful people really don't say
that it is pure. "

145. Obsessive critics are indeed those who are not easy to adjust: those who
     value the fixed view (all counts) view,

When it is declared that everyone who rests there is pure, the purityist is
there he sees like that.

"The obsessives are indeed those who are not easy to adjust": ""The world is
constant, this is real, and everything else is empty." For the obsessives; the
world is very permanent... (Omitted) "Tathagata after deathNeither existence nor
non-existence is true, and everything else is empty. "As a persistent writer.
"It is true that it is not easy to adjust." The obsessives are those who are
hard to adjust, hard to tell, hard to deliberate, hard to see, and hard to
understand. Those who are persistent are indeed those who are not easy to
adjust.

"Those who value the fixed view (all-round) view": "Constructed, fixed view,
contrived, and shared views, and then act after paying attention. Seeing is the
flag, seeing is the tower, seeing is increasing On the above, be seen to
follow." He is the one who values the view of the fixed view.

"When it is declared that everyone who depends on there is pure": ""Whoever
depends on", "every talk about masters, Dhamma, groups, views, Taoist trails,
dependence on the Tao, stop, adherence, The one who falls into, fixes, and turns
his heart toward (victorious solution)" is the one who depends on. "There" in
one's own view, in one's liking, in one's hobby, in one's own opinion. When it
is pure" is a pure speaker, a beautiful speaker, a wise speaker, a firm speaker,
a [with] method, a [with] reason, [There is] a special speaker, [a] grounded
speaker, a speaker who makes his own claims possible." It is when it is declared
that those who follow there are pure.

"Where is the purityist he sees like that": ""Suddhivādo, the purityist, the
ubiquitous purityist, the clarificationist, the ubiquitous whiter. Or, the pure
seer, the pure seer, the ubiquitous pure One who sees, one who sees pure, one
who sees all whiteness." is a pure one (suddhiṃ vādo). "There", in one's own
view, in one's liking, in one's own hobby, in one's own opinion "True, truthful
[, true], fact, correct, not inverted." He sees, sees, sees, and understands."
There is a purityist where he sees like that.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The obsessionist is indeed the one who is not easy to adjust: the one who
values the fixed view (permanent view),

When it is declared that everyone who rests there is pure, the purityist is
there he sees like that. "

146. Brahman did not come to the construction after consideration, he was not a
     traveler to see, nor a relative of wisdom,

And after he knew the general opinion of the mundane, he watched and others
picked it up.

"Brahmins do not come to construction after consideration": "No" is negative.
"Brahman", the excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is Brahman... (Omitted) Those
who are not dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. "Construction" has two
kinds of constructions: the construction of [cause] desire and the construction
of [cause] seeing... (Omitted) This is the construction of desire... (Omitted)
This is the construction of seeing. After consideration, it is called wisdom,
which is wisdom, understanding... (slightly omitted) no delusion, choice of law,
right view. "The Brahmin does not come to the construction after consideration":
"After the Brahman considers [, after knowing], after understanding, after
measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. All actions are
impermanent... All actions are suffering... (Omitted) After considering [, after
knowing], after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after
distinguishing, after clarifying, "Any collection of methods is extinguished."
He does not come to the construction of desire or the construction of
perception. To arrive, not to arrive, not to hold, not to take, not to cling."
After considering the Brahman, it does not come to construct.

"He is not a walker of seeing, nor a relative of wisdom": "For him, the
sixty-two evil views have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to
arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom. Being seen carries away, takes away,
carries, carries, does not return, does not return to that evil view as the
core." Because he is not a walker of seeing. "Nor is the kin of wisdom", not the
eighth grade to the wisdom, or The five powers of wisdom establish, produce,
produce, arise, and produce lustful kinship or kinship." Because he is not a
seer nor a wise kinship.

"And after he knows the general opinions of the commonplace": ""After knowing",
after knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying. "All actions are impermanent"... (Omitted) "Fan
Any collection method is to extinguish the law" after knowing, understanding,
weighing, judging, separating, and clarifying." After he knows it. The general
opinion is called the general opinion of sixty-two evil views. "Common",
"general opinions arising from ordinary people" are mundane, or "general
opinions arising from a wide range of people" are mundane. "Because he knows the
common views of the mundane.

"He is watching and others picking up": "Others holding, holding, and clinging
because of their thirst and seeing, the Arahant looks on, does not hold, does not
take, and does not cling." Up.

Because of that, the Lord said:

'BrahminAfter consideration, he does not come to the construction. He is not a
practitioner or a kin of wisdom.

And after he knew the general opinion of the mundane, he watched and others
picked it up. "

147. After Mu Ni left the bond here in the world, he was not a member of the
     group in the dispute that has arisen.

The silent person is calm among the non-silent person, and the person who does
not pick it up is picked up by others.

"Muni is here in the world to leave behind the binding": ""Binding", there are
four types of binding: the greedy body binding, the malicious body binding, the
forbidden body binding, [only] this It is the body bond of true persistence
[SN.45.175]. The greed of one's own view is the bond of greed, and the anger and
dissatisfaction expressed by others are the bond of malicious body, holding on
to one's own precepts or prohibitions Or precept and prohibition are the body
binding of precept and forbidden, and the body binding of one's own perceiving
holding is [only] this is the real binding of the body. "After leaving", after
giving up on the binding, it is After giving up, either on the binding, on the
binding, on the binding, on the binding, on the enlarged binding, on the
entangled, on the attached, on the fixed, on the obstacle After the earthquake
(?) in the binding, it is left behind, such as the sedan chair, or the carriage,
or the truck, or the chariot that should be transported by the [people, things]
after they are released (off), they are placed and destroyed, Similarly, after
giving up on the binding, it is after giving up, or on the binding, on the
binding, on the binding, on the binding, on the expansion of the binding, on the
entangled, on the attached, On the fixed, obstructed, and bound, he was shaken
away after being shaken. "Muni", Mu Na is called Chi... (omitted) He is Mu Ni
after transcending dyed in the net. "Here": It belongs to this... (omitted) in
this person's world." After leaving the bond here for Muni in the world.

"In the disputes that have arisen are not the ones who enter the group": "In the
disputes that have arisen, have arisen, have been born, have been born, have
appeared, those who should not do what desires should not do, and those who are
agitated should not do what Among those who are walking, those who are horrible
should not behave, those who should not be idiotic, should not behave if they
don't want to, they should not behave if they don't take anger, they should not
behave if they are not afraid A foolish person should not act, not because of
greed, not because of aversion, not because of ignorance, not because of
slowness, not because of seeing, not because of debauchery, and not because of
doubt. , Do not leave because of the potential trend of troubles, and will not
be driven, guided, carried, or conquered by discord and lawfulness." In order to
not be a member of the group in the debate that has arisen.

"The silent one is peaceful among the non-silent": ""The silent one", "The
greedy already silent state is the silent one, the angered silent state is the
silent one, and the maddened silent state is the silent one... (Omitted), the
silent state, the calmed state, the calmed down state, the extinguished state,
the cooled state, the departed state, and the stopped state of all unwholesome
contrived states are the silent one, the silent one, the dead one, The cooler,
the silencer." is the silent one. "In those who are not silent", in those who
are not silent, in those who are not still, in those who are not dying, in those
who are not cooling, in those who are not resting. "For those who are silent,
among those who are not silent. "He is calm", the Arahant possesses six peaces:
after seeing the color with his eyes, he is neither happy nor sad but living in
peace, with thoughts and righteous knowledge; after hearing the sound with his
ears... At death: He is the one who has been transferred (the Silent One). He is
calm among those who are silent.

"Those who don't pick up, others pick up": "Other people hold, take, and cling
to because of their thirst and seeing, and the Arahant looks on, not holding, not
taking, and not clinging." And the others picked up.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Muni, after leaving the bond here in the world, is not a member of the group in
the debate that has arisen,

The silent person is calm among the non-silent person, and the person who does
not pick it up is picked up by others. "

148. After abandoning the previous troubles, do not do new things, and those who
     do not reach desire or obsessionists,

He is a wise man who has freed himself from evil opinions, and does not
contaminate or reprimand himself in the world.

"Abandon the previous troubles and do not make new ones": ""The previous
troubles are called the past sensation, perception, consciousness, and
consciousness. Regarding the past actions that can cause pollution, those
pollutions that can cause pollution after abandoning, after giving up, after
giving up forever, After abandoning, after driving away, after making the end,
and making it go to non-existence." To abandon the previous troubles. "Don't
make new", the new is called the present form of perception, perception, and
consciousness. Action is the non-author of desire, the non-author of love, and
the non-author of greed; those who are not allowed to be born, not to be
produced, not to be born, and not to be born." Do not do new things after
abandoning the previous troubles .

"Neither the one who wants to reach nor the obsessionist": ""He who doesn't want
to go, he who doesn't take aversion should not behave, he who doesn't go crazy
should not behave, he who doesn't go horrible should not behave, he should not
go because of greed, and he should not be because of hatred. Walk, don't walk
because of ignorance, don't walk because of slowness, don't walk because of
seeing, don't walk away because of seeing, don't walk because of suspicion,
don't walk because of potential troubles, and don't be driven or guided by
discord and legality , Carry, {not?} conquer." For non-arrived desires. "Nor are
the obsessiveists", non-"The world is constant, this is true, and everything
else is empty." Obsessives; the world is very Constant... (slightly omitted)
"After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, and
everything else is emptiness." The obsessionist." It is a non-arrived desire and
a non-obsessionist.

"He is a wise man who has freed himself from evil views": "For him, the
sixty-two evil views have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to
arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom. The insight is free from bondage, and
he lives with the heart of being free from limitation. "The wise man", the wise
man is the wise man, the wise man, the enlightened man, the wise man, the
distinguished man, and the wise man." For him A wise man who has freed himself
from evil opinions.

"Don't contaminate yourself in the world, don't rebuke yourself": ""Adhesion",
"There are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of eagerness and
[Cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is thirsty Adhesion...
(slightly omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing. For him, the adhesion of
thirsting has been cut off, the adhesion of seeing has been cut off, and the
adhesion of eagerness has been cut off The state, the adherence of seeing, the
state that has been cut off, is not contaminated in the world of suffering, is
not contaminated in the world of humans, is not contaminated in the world of
heaven, is not contaminated in the world of aggregates, is not contaminated in
the world of world, and is not contaminated in the world of places , Not
strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated (not contaminated), no longer
contaminated, no longer contaminated strongly, no longer contaminated closely.
He has left, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he
is free from being restricted Live." means not being contaminated in the world.

"Don't rebuke yourself", rebuke yourself for two reasons: what is done and what
is not done. How did he rebuke himself for what was done and what was not done?
"The bad deeds done by me, the good deeds not done by me. "He rebuked himself;
"The words and deeds done by me... (omitted) The intentional and evil deeds done
by me... the killing by me... the wrong view that was done by me, the right view
that was not done by me. He rebuked himself, and he rebuked himself for what was
done and what was not done.

Or, "I am not a full branch in the ring. He rebuked himself, "I am not the
guardian of the roots. "... "I am not a person who knows how to eat. "... "I am
not a sober person. "... "I am not a person with mindfulness and right
knowledge. "... "Satisfaction has not been practiced by me. "... "Sizhengqin was
not studied by me. "... "The four gods have not been trained by me. "... "The
five elements have not been studied by me. "... "The five powers have not been
studied by me. "... "The seven enlightenment factors have not been studied by
me. "... "The eight holy paths have not been practiced by me. "... "The
suffering is not known to me. "... "The episode was not cut by me. "... "The Tao
has not been studied by me. "... "Mie was not testified by me. He rebukes
himself, this is what has been done and what has not been done, he rebukes
himself, this is rebuking himself. Those who do not author, do not make it born,
do not be produced, do not arise, do not rebuke themselves. "In order not to be
contaminated in the world and not to scold myself.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Abandon the previous troubles and do not do new things. Those who do not reach
desire or obsessiveness,

He is a wise man who has freed himself from evil opinions, and does not
contaminate or reprimand himself in the world. "

149. He is a person who has left the legion in all laws: everything you see or
     hear,

The Muni burden has been relieved and he is a non-constructor, a non-stop, and
undesired one. [Like this Lord (say)]

"He is the one who has left the legion in all laws: whatever he sees or hears
and perceives": "The legion is called the demon army, which acts as a demon army
with body and evil; acts as a demon army with speech and evil; acts as a devil
with evil intentions; greed... Affliction... ignorance... anger... resentment...
hiding evil... bossy... jealous... stingy... fake... cunning... stubborn...
passion... slow... extremely slow... slow... slow Yi...all pollution...all evil
deeds...all afflictions...all scorching heat...all heat afflictions...all
unwholesome creations serve as a demon army.

This is said by the Blessed One: [Sn.3.2, 438-441 偈]

"Desire is your first legion, unhappy is called second,

…… (omitted)

Those who have no courage will not defeat him, and they will get peace after
victory. "

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Sacred Paths, they are
called those who leave the army. He is atThose who leave the Legion in what you
see; those who leave the Legion in what you hear... what you feel... those who
leave the Legion in what you know. "Because he is a person who has left the
legion in all laws: everything you see or hear.

"The burden of that Muni has been relieved and liberated": ""Burden", there are
three kinds of burdens: the burden of the aggregate, the burden of pollution,
and the burden of creation. What is the burden of the aggregate? The resulting
form, feeling, thought, and behavior , Consciousness, this is the burden of
khandha. What is the burden of pollution? Greed, hatred, ignorance... (omitted)
All unwholesome actions are the burden of pollution. What is the burden of
creation? Blessing, non-blessing, immobility , This is the burden of creation.
Because the burden of the aggregate, the burden of pollution, and the burden of
creation are cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without
roots, it becomes a non-existent thing, which is called an immortal thing in the
future. Because the burden has been discharged, the burden has fallen, the
burden has fallen, the burden has completely fallen, the burden has been
lowered, and the burden has ceased.

"Muni", Mona is called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding, simple selection,
investigation, method selection, identification, discrimination, close
observation, virtuous wisdom (learned), proficiency, cleverness, contemplation,
deep contemplation, and investigation , Vastness (comprehensive), wisdom,
wisdom, vipassana, right knowledge, thorn stick, wisdom, wisdom root, wisdom
force, wisdom sword, wisdom palace, wisdom light, wisdom light, wisdom light,
wisdom treasure, no delusion, choice Fa, right view, possessing that wisdom is
Muni and reaching Muna.

There are three kinds of muni (perfect virtue): body muni, language muni, and
meaning muni. What is the Muni position? The three kinds of body evil deeds are
cut off as the body muni; the three kinds of good behaviors are the body muni;
the wisdom in the body is the body muni; the omniscience of the body is the
muni; and walking with omniscience The way of the body is the muni position; the
abandonment of desire and greed about the body is cut off as the muni position;
the fourth jhana of body movement [in and out of breath] extinction is the muni
position, which is the muni position.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds is
the position of Yumuni; the four kinds of good acts of language are the position
of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni; the
omniscience of language is the position of Muni; and omniscience The path of all
acts is the position of Yumuni; the abandonment of desire and greed about
language is the position of Yumuni; the second Zen of Yuxing [Xunsi] is the
position of Yumuni, which is the position of Yumuni. .

What is Yimuni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are the
muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the muni position; the wisdom
in the mind-object is the muni position; the omniscience of the heart is the
muni position; the one that works with omniscience Tao is the position of muni;
the desire and greed about the heart are judged to be the position of muni; the
desire to perish the mind is the position of muni, which is the position of
muni.

"Shen Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,

Muni has the status of Muni, and they say it is the one who cuts everything.

Body Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,

Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been
cleansed of evil. "

The six types of Muni have these three modes of muni: "Muni at home, Muni
without home, Muni without learning, Muni without learning, Pichi Muni, Muni
[in] Muni. "Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footprints and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those monks
who have seen the footprints and who have learned the precepts are at home.
There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning
Muni, and Pichi Buddha as Pichi Muni. Muni Muni is called Tathagata, Arahant, and
Enlightened One.

"Non-Muna (silence) is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,

After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.

avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,

Everyone who understands the [inner and outer sum] in the world, because that is
said to be Muni.

knows all the inside and outside of the world, the unwholesome and the good
behind the law,

Everyone who is supported by heaven and man (respected), beyond dyeing the net,
he is Muni. "

"Freed", Muni's mind has been freed from greed, freed, and freed from kindness;
the heart has been freed from anger... the mind has been freed from delusion,
freed, freed from kindness... (abbreviated) The mind is freed from all bad
practices , Kindness and relief. "The burden for Muni has been relieved.

"It is the one who does not construct, the one who does not stop, the one who
does not hope [Like this Blessed One (saying)]": ""Construction", there are two
kinds of construction: the construction of [cause] desire and the construction
of [cause] seeing...( This is the construction of craving... (Omitted) this is
the construction of seeing. "For him the construction of craving has been cut
off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, and the construction of
craving has been The state of renunciation, the state in which the construction
of seeing has been cut off, the construction of desire or the construction of
seeing does not construct, produce, produce, arise, or produce."
Non-constructor. "The one who does not stop", all ignorant ordinary people, they
are infected, the good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of learning,
which should be obtained but not, shouldThose who have reached but not, they
should testify but those who have not testified stay away, abstain, and avoid.
The Arahant has been separated, has abstained, has given up, has left, has left,
has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, and he lives with the heart
of separation and limitation. "It is the one who does not construct and does not
stop. "Those who do not wish", wishing is called thirst, it is greed, greed...
(omitted) greed, greed, bad roots. For him who desires, cravings are cut off,
cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of
wisdom, he is called the undesired.

"Blessed One", synonymous with respect. In addition, the "destroyed greedy
person" is the world-honored; the "destroyed gangster" is the world-honored; the
"destroyed idiot" is the world-honored; the "destroyed slow" is the
world-honored; the "destroyed seer" is the world-honored; "The Thorns" is the
Blessed One; the "who has destroyed the pollutants" is the Blessed One; the "one
who divides, analyzes, and distinguishes the magic weapon" is the Blessed One;
"someone who ends" is the Blessed One; "the body has been practiced, the precept
has been practiced, the mind has been practiced, Those who have learned wisdom
are the world-zun; or "the world-zun is a woodland, barren forest, border
dwelling place (sitting place): low-voicing, quiet, away from people, living
alone, and suitable for sitting alone. "The Blessed One" is the Blessed One; or
"The Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the necessities
of the patient, and medical necessities" as the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One
is the taste of righteousness, the taste of the Dhamma, the taste of liberation,
the precept and the mind "The one who has increased wisdom" is the world-zun; or
"The world-zun is the four kinds of jhana, four immeasurable, four-colorless,
etc." as the world-zun; or "the world-zun is the eighth liberation, the eight
victories, the ninth abode, etc. The one who is the most divided is the Blessed
One; or "The Blessed One is the practice of ten-thinking, the tenths, the one
who waits for the tenths, the one who enters and exits the mind, the one who is
impure, the one who is the Blessed; or the "the Blessed one is the four
mindfulness, One who has the four righteousness, the four gods, the five senses,
the five powers, the seven enlightenments, and the eight branches of the holy
path" is the world-blessed one; or "the world-blessed one is the tenth, four
fearless, four unobstructed, six magical powers, six enlightenments The "divider
of Dhamma" is the deity. "World Honored One", this name is not given by (made)
by mother; not given by father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not
given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by Samana or Brahman What is
given; what is not given by heaven is ultimate liberation; the establishment
(pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the Blessed One,
under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom, that is, the Blessed One.
"For the non-constructor, the non-stop, the non-seeking [Like this Blessed One
(say)].

Because of that, the Lord said:

"He is the one who has left the legion in all laws: everything you see or hear,

The Muni burden has been relieved and he is a non-constructor, a non-stop, and
undesired one. [Like this Blessed One (say)]"

The 13th [Completed] of the instructions for configuring the Dajing.



Summary:

1. It should not be argued: the only result of arguing is victory (increasing
   grievances against the enemy) and defeat (restlessness).

2. Precepts and prohibitions/deeds must be abandoned (the law should still be
   surrendered).

3. Asceticism/disgusting behavior/forward movement/hope/eagerness are still in
   various cycles.

4. What can I do if I see it, if there is no pollution?

5. The liberated person is neither a wrongdoer nor a relative of wisdom
   (considerable wisdom/supernatural power wisdom).

12/13/2020 11:35


