155. If in the middle of the sea, no waves are produced it is stable,

Like this, he who dwells, and does not disturb, and Picchu will not proliferate
wherever it is.

"As in the middle of the sea, no waves are produced, it is stable": "The sea is
high, deep, deep, the water below 40,000 is shaken by fish and turtle, the water
above the 40,000 yumuns shakes by the wind, and the water in the middle of the
middle of the 40,000 Yumi Do not shake, not strong shake, do not move, do not
tremble, not tremble (strong trembling), not much trembling (strong trembling),
not passive, not churring, not swinging, not being stirred, not spin, calmed
down, Where no waves are produced, it is stable sea." Like this is as in the
middle of the sea, no waves are produced it is stable.

Or, "In the middle of the seven mountains coloured Momoyu big sea, where water
does not shake, not strong shake, do not move, do not tremble, not tremble, not
tremble, not passive, not churred, not swinging, not being Stir, not rotated,
calmed down, where no waves are produced, it is stable sea." Like this is also
as in the middle of the sea, no waves are produced it is stable.

"Those who stand like this, and do not disturb": "Like this" is an arrangement
of analogy. "The Stabilizer", 'He does not shake when he gets; he does not shake
when he does not get; he does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake
when there is no reputation (evil criticism); he does not shake when praise
Shake; he does not shake in rebuke; he does not shake in the hours of music; he
does not shake, not strong, does not move, not tremble, not tremble, not
tremble, not tremble." This is the resident. "Do not disturb", disturbance is
called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed,
greedy, bad root. Whosoever is disturbed to him, his thirst is cut off, cut off,
severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, and burned by wisdom fire, he
is called the undisturbed. He is not disturbed by a disconnected state of
disturbance, he does not shake when he gets; he does not shake when he does not
get; he does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake when there is no
reputation (vicious criticism); when he is praised Nor shake; he does not shake
in rebuke; he does not shake in the hours of music; he does not shake, not
strong, does not move, not tremble, not tremble, not tremble, not tremble. So
are the dwellers, those who do not disturb.

"Bichu no matter where it is," "Growth", there are seven surges: greed, boomer,
slow-rise, see increase, pollution increase, industry increase, he will not do,
will not produce, will not Production, does not make it born, will not make it
born. "No matter where, no matter where, wherever, inside or outside or
outside." For Picchu, no matter where it is, there will be no increase.

Because then, Worldman said:

"As in the middle of the sea, no waves are produced it is stable,

As such, he who dwells, and who do not disturb, Bichu will not be augmented
wherever it is."

156. the eye-eye tells the self-evidence law of distress,

Master! Please tell the trail, Porotty wooden fork or even set.

"Explain by the Eye": "Narrative, Explain, Explain, Teach, Inform, Build,
Uncover, Explain, Explain, Explain, Explain, Explain." For the narration
(Thailand Version). "The Eye", the Worldworld has five eyes as an eye: the naked
eye is the eye, the heavenly eye is also the eye, the eye is also the clear, the
Buddha eye is also the eye, and all eyes are clear.

How can Worldhotel look to the naked eye? Worldworld's naked eye has five
colors: cyan, yellow, red, black, white. Worldly eye hair, in the eye hair
living place is blue, very blue, upright, beautiful, equivalent to linen (Sri
Lanka version), the other are yellow, very yellow, golden, orthodox, beautiful,
equal wings Subtree of flowers. The ends of Worldworld are red, very red,
orthodox, beautiful, equivalent to the chineal, black in the middle, not coarse,
moist, correct, beautiful, the same as the moist, the other The white, very
white, white, yellow-white, orthodox, beautiful, equal to the white star. To the
world to the natural individual belongs, before the good industry born of the
naked eye, he saw everything day and night, when the four darkness is also:
sunset, black [month] of Busa, dense forest, big afiRain Cloud (Thailand
Version) black clouds appear. Like this, when he has four darkness, he saw
everything day and night. There are no walls, blinds, or walls, or mountains, or
jungle, or groves, as an obstacle to his vision. If a sesame is marked and
placed in a full car of sesame, he can choose that sesame. Like this,
Worldworld's natural eye is all over pure, and Worldworld so looks to the naked
eye.

How is Worldview for the Eye? Worldom to clean, transcendent the eyes of heaven,
see when life and death, in life, in inferior, wonderful, beauty, ugly,
fortunate, unfortunate, unfortunate, unfortunate, in the knowledge of the whole
life flow according to the industry: "These creations, with evil deeds, , evil
deeds, rebuke the saints, wickedness and wickedness industry, they have been
born to the bitter world, evil, lower bound, hell, or these beings, with good
deeds, words of good deeds, good deeds, meaning Good deeds, do not rebuke the
Holy One, have seen and righteous practice. They have come into good interest
and heavens after their death by the disintegration of their bodies. In this
way, he saw, cleansed and beyond the eyes of man, when life and death, in life,
in inferior, wonderful, beautiful, ugly, luckily, and misfortune, knowledge of
the crews flowing. When he wishes, Worldworld can see one world, two worlds,
three worlds, four worlds, and five worlds, and ten worlds. Twenty worlds can
also be seen, and thirty worlds can also be seen, forty worlds, fifty worlds, 50
worlds, and 100 worlds, and you can see these thousand small worlds. You can
also see these two thousand middle worlds, but also the 3,000 Great Thousands of
Worlds (Sri Lanka Edition) [AN.3.81]. Or if he wants to reach, he will see. Like
this, worldly eyes are pure, and worldly eyes as the eyes of the eyes.

How can Worldhotel look for the eye? Worldworld is the Great Wise, the Bohui,
the Jetwise, the Fast, the Wiser, the Insight of the Wisdom, the Wisdom of the
Wise, the Wisdom developed, the proven unobstructed, the four fearless, the
holding of ten powers, the man like a cow, Lion, Hyun Chun, Affordable, Wise,
Glorious, Fame, Rich, Rich, Rich, Rich, Rich, Guide, Restless, Soother,
Informer, Inducer, Incillator, Makes The Seeing and the Clearer, the founder of
the unborn, the producer of the unborn, the preaching of the unborn; the Knower
of the Sake, the Knower of the Knower, the Knower, the Knower of the way, and
the Knower of the way, The disciples now dwelt in the way of the way, and later
the possesses.

The Worldman is indeed a Knower and Seeker, who knows and sees; is the bereaver
of the eye, the man who is born, the living of the law, the man who is born, the
man who is born, the man who is born, the man who is living, the man who is
living, the man If there is no one who does not know, not seen, unknown, not
testified, not reached by Hui, the past, future, now on all laws come to the
Buddhist, world pride of the wisdom of the field, where there is any name The
[law] that should be guided by inference can be known: one's own or the meaning
of others or both, or the meaning of the life or the meaning of both, or deep or
hidden or hidden meaning or secrecy The meaning of the meaning, or the meaning
that should be guided by inference or which has been guided to determine, or a
no-fault or pollution-free, or clear meaning or of the supreme interest,
everything is turned around within the Buddhist Chi.

All careers with Buddha, worldly wisdom; all language industry... all
business... Buddha, Worldworld wisdom about the past is barrier-free; [Buddha,
Worldworld] About the future... about the present wisdom is barrier-free, all
What should be guided by inference is the wisdom; all wisdom is what should be
guided by inference, should be guided by the ultimate wisdom of the inference;
the ultimate wisdom of wisdom should be guided by inference, beyond Should be
guided inference after wisdom does not turn up; beyond wisdom should not be
guided by the way of inference, these laws live in mutual limits, such as the
two lid is completely in contact, below the lid does not cross the above; The
lid of the box does not cross below, is living in mutual restrictions.
[Similarly,] all the things that should be guided by inference is wisdom; all
wisdom is what should be guided by inference, the ultimate wisdom that should be
guided by inference; the ultimate wisdom of wisdom should be To guide inference,
beyond should be guided by the postwisdom of inference; beyond wisdom has no way
to be guided by inference, these laws live in mutual limits.

Buddhist, worldly wisdom turned up in all laws, all laws for Buddha, worldly
steering, hope, affiliation, birth of heart, Buddha,Worldroom wisdom turns on
all living beings, Worldhotel knows the intention of all beings, knows the
potential trend of troubles, knows behavior, knows the solution (ambition),
knows about less dirt, much dirt; the root of the root, blunt The righteous
deeds and the evil deeds; the teaching, the unteachable; and the powerful and
powerless beings, including the worlds of heaven and demon, and in the world of
Van; including Samana, Brahmen, Heaven, Heaven, and the generations of men
turned throughout the Buddha.

As any fish, turtle, and even the big fish of the boat, turn in the sea, the
same, including heaven and demon, and in the world of Van; including Samana,
Brahmen, Heaven, and the generations of man turn throughout the Buddha. Such as
any bird and even the goldwingbirds of the great children of Verna turn in the
void. Likewise, those who are the same as Shariffer, they turn in the field of
the Buddha. Buddha Zhi all over, beyond the heavenly people after the Hui lived.
Those who are wise Chardaliers, wise Brahmen, wise owners, wise Samanads, smart
dissidents, sharp breakers want to do evil opinions in the gesture of wisdom,
they prepare problems later to see , and then asked the hidden and hidden
[rationality], those questions were talked about and answered by Worldman for
explaining reasons, and nearly abandoned those who became worldly [disciples],
when Worldom was there that "Ehui" Glorious. Worldhotel so with eyes as an eye.

How does Worldhotel take the eyes of the Buddha's eye? Worldly observes the
world with the Buddha's eye, seeing less dirt, much dirt; the lagan, blunt root;
the deeds of good deeds, evil deeds; easily taught, uneducated; some of the sins
and horrors that live in seeing in other worlds The、Others do not live in
seeing sin and terror in other worlds. Like in the green lotus pool, red lotus
pool, white lotus pool, some green lotus, red lotus, white lotus live in the
water, grow in the water, depending on the water, shen in the underwater growth;
some green lotus, red lotus, white lotus are born in the water, grow in In the
water, dwelt on the same high as the surface of the water; some lotus, red
lotus, and white lotus are born in the water, long in the water, rising out of
the water and dwell, Similarly, worldly observes the world with the Buddha's
eye, seeing less dirt, much dirt; the lagan, blunt root; the deeds of good
deeds, evil deeds; the teaching, uneducated; some of those who live in other
worlds Sins and horrors, others do not live in seeing the sins and horrors in
other worlds [para. 14, 69]. Worldworld knows: "This man is a corrupt man, this
person is a trader, this man is a trader, this man is a walker, this person is a
believer, this man is a wise walker." Worldworld speaks unclear to the corrupt.
Worldworld informs the practice of Mercy to the people of the Parker Worldroom
for the dementer to rest in recitation, questioning, hearing of timely law,
discussion of timely law, teacher's cohabitation. Worldworld informs the whoever
sought. Worldworld tells the believers who believe in confidence: the good
consciousness of the Buddha, the good law of the law, the good practice of the
monk and his own ring. Worldworld told the wise man of the wise man that the
phase of Basha: inconstant, bitterness, and without me.

"If you stand at the top of the rock mountain, you can see all the people,

Likewise, the good, and all the eyes, go up the high buildings of the law,

And those who have gone away, look at those who are sadly and conquered by life
and old

Please get up! Heroes! The winner on the battlefield! The leader of the merchant
team, the unindebted in the world,

Worldworld! Please teach the law! Will (will) have the knowledge. [DN.14, para.
70]

Worldhotel so with the eyes of the Buddha's eye.

How is Worldworld eye for all eyes? All eyes are called the state of all knowing
wisdom. Worldworld arrival (with), full arrival (with), entry, full entry, full,
fully sufficient, with all knowledge of the state wisdom.

"For him there is nothing unseen here, and there is no knowledge, and cannot be
known,

He testifies that whosoever exists should be guided by inference, as it is for
all eyes. [Ps.1, para. 121]

Worldman is so clear with all eyes." Tarring for the eyes.

"Self-Evidence Law of Distress": "Self-Evidence Law", "Non-rumor, not from the
wind smell, not from inheritance, not from the teachings of Tibet, not from
logic, non-reasoning, not due to theoretical reflection, not accepted after
contemplation Opinions are self-evidenced and self-present laws. for
self-evidence law. There are two types of distress: obvious distress and hidden
hazard. What are the obvious distress? Lion, tiger, leopard, bear, wolf, bison,
elephant, snake, scorpion, centipede, or thief, rogue, eye disease, ear disease,
nose disease, tongue disease, body, head disease, outsideEar disease, mouth
disease, tooth disease, cough, wheezing, external nose disease, fever, old,
abdominal disease, coma, dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor,
ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, rosworm, scabies, , cracked skin,
blood-choleopathy, diabetes mellitus, hemorrhoids, rash (boil blisters),
hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer), bile disease, diseases such as phlegm, diseases such
as wind, [three] set diseases, seasonal change Diseases, diseases born from
improper posture, sudden attack diseases, diseases of the industry, cold, heat,
hunger, thirst, dung, urine, contact with the fly mosquito wind sunsnake, etc.,
these are known as obvious The distress.

What are the secret distress? Wicked deeds, words evil, malicious acts, wishful
cover, malice cover, sleep cover, fall and regret cover, suspect cover, greedy,
indignation, anger, resentment, hiding evil, arbitrary, jealous, stingy,
hypocrisy, hypocrisy, cunning, Stubborn, passion, slow, very slow, slow, relax,
all pollution, all evil, all annoying, all hot, all annoying, all bad work,
these are called secret distress.

What is the meaning of distress? "Conquer" is distress; "lead to loss" is
distress; "living there" is distress. How is "Conquer" for Difficult? Those
distress conquered, conquered, defeated, overwhelmed, ended, crushed that man,
so it was "conquered" as distress.

How is "lead to loss" as a hazard? Those distress leads to the obstacles,
regression of good law, what good law? The right road, follow the road, the
inverted sidewalk, not contradictory (no contradictory road), such as the
meaning of the sidewalk, law with the law of the road, the ring completely,
guarding the root door, the right amount of diet, specialized Sober, read and
mindfulness, four hard practice, four good faith... four gods... five... five...
seven senses... eight sacred shrines efforts to practice, leading to these good
law obstacles, loss, this is " "Guide to fallback" is distress.

How is it "perched there" for distress? There, these evil laws come together,
such as caves lying in caves, aquatic animals lying in water, forested animals
lying in the forest, and tree animals lying down on trees. In the same way,
there, these laws of evil and misdemeanour come together. This is "perched
there" for distress.

This is said by Worldman [SN.35.151]: 'The Bichu Picchu, a disciple and a
master, lived in bitterness and unease. And, the Picchu! How is Bichu, a
disciple and a master, dwelt in bitter and unease? Bichu! Here, after the eyes
of Bichu, born the memories and intentions of those who follow the evil bad law.
"They dwelt in him; and the law of evil and evil dwelt, enter (occupy)."
Therefore, he is called "there apprentice." "They conquered him; the law of evil
evil conquered him." Therefore, he is called "there master".

Besides, the Bichu! After listening to the voice... after the smell of nose...
after taste with the tongue... after touching the touch... after the law of
consciousness, the memories and intentions of those evil laws follow the end.
"They dwelt in him; and the law of evil and evil dwelt, enter (occupy)."
Therefore, he is called "there apprentice." "They conquered him; the law of evil
evil conquered him." Therefore, he is called "there master". Bichu! So Bichu, a
disciple and a master, dwelt in bitterness and unease. It is also "inhabited
there" as a distress.

This is said by Worldman [It.88]: 'The Bichu There are three kinds of internal
scale, internal non-friend, internal enemy, internal murderer, internal enemy,
which three? Bichu! Greedy is internal scale, inner friend, internal enemy,
internal murderer, internal enemy; Bichu! ... (medium) Picchu! The evil is
internal scale, not friends, internal enemies, murderers, internal enemies.
Bichu! These are three types of internal scale, inner friend, internal enemy,
internal murderer, internal enemy.

"Greed is the cause of no interest, and greed for those who shake their hearts,

Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.

Seekers do not know the interests, the cogedy cannot see the law,

At that time he was blind and darkness: whoever could conquer.

For the cause of no interest, For those who shake the heart,

Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.

The angry do not know the interests, the anger does not see the law,

At that time he was blind and dark: whosoever could conquer.

The cause of no interest, stupid to shake the heart,

Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.

The fools do not know the interests, the fools do not see the law,

At that time he was blind and dark: whoever could conquer.

It is also "inhabited there" as a distress.

This is said by Worldman [SN.3.2]: 'King! When the three laws of men are born,
they are born unfavorable, bitter, and uncomfortable to live, which three? King!
When the lust of the man himself is born, it is unfavorable, bitter,
uncomfortable to live; king! When the man himself is born... (Medium) King! When
the man's own idiot started, born unfavorable, bitter, uncomfortable, king! When
these three laws in men are born, they are unfavorable, bitter and uncomfortable
to live. '

"Lust, lust, stupid, malevolent man,

Hurt yourself, such as many fruits [hurt] their tree heart. '

It is also "inhabited there" as a distress.

This was said by Worldman: [SN.10.3]

"From here there is greed and insane, from here to be unhappy, happy, and hair
erected,

From here and after being born with heart, such as a little boy put a crow."

It is also "inhabited there" as a distress.

"The tune of distress", the disruption of distress, the silence of distress, the
perseverance of distress, the conception of distress, the stop of distress,
immortality, nirv Self-evidentiary law for distress.

"Master! "Tell you about the signs": "Tell you about the signs", "the right
track (right way), follow the road, the reverse track, not contradict the road,
such as the meaning of the road, the signs of law, the rally completely ,
guarding the root gate, diet knowledge, specializing in sober, read and
mindfulness, four live, four positive, four gods, five, five, seven, eight holy
road, Nibbana and guide Nibbana trail, please tell you, please Explain, please
teach, please tell you, please create, please uncover, please explain, please
explain, please explain, please explain. ' To ask you to tell the trail.
"Master," the man called Worldworld. Or whoever tells you, teaches, tells,
builds, unveils, interprets, clarifies, speaks to you of the good, auspicious,
good, and without fault that all should be practiced." For Master! Please tell
you about the trail.

"Porotty wooden fork or even set": ""Polotty wood fork" is the basis of stop,
behavior [self] inhibition, homemade entrance, good law, etc. "Or even fixed",
it is the end of the heart, stability, stability, not dispersion, smooth mind,
luxury motha (stop), fixed root, steady force, positive." For polotty wooden
fork or even set.

Because then, the man said:

"The eye tells the self-evidence law of distress,

Master! Tell you about the trail, Porotty wooden forks or even set."

157. Do not become unsettled by the eyes, the ear should be isolated from
     village theory,

Taste should not be accompanied by greed, and no [thing] in the world should be
used as its own.

"Do not become unrestless with the eye": how is the eye unrestless? Here, there
is a category of people who have uncertain eyes: "What should be seen become
unseen, and those that should be crossed shall be seen." From garden to garden,
from garden to garden, village to village, from town to town, city to city, from
country to country, from place to place, he is in order to see a long
processions, irregular processions And so is the unrestless of the eyes.

Or, when Picchu is a visitor to his home, walker on the street, he walks
unprotected: he walks as he looks at the elephant, looks at horses, looks at the
car, looks at infantry, looks at women, looks at men The boy, looking at the
girl, looking at the market, at the doorstep of the house, looking at the top,
looking below, looking around all sides, this is also an uncomfortable person.

Or, Bichu became an executor of the phase after seeing it, because when living
in the root of the eye is not protected, the law of greed and evil bad will flow
in, he does not act according to his own control, does not protect the root of
the eye, Do not reach homemade [SN.35.120] on the root of the eye, so it is also
an unrestless person.

Or if some Samana, Brahmen, Master Brahmen, after receiving food from faith,
they live in performances like this: dance, singing, music, drama, ancient
speaking, handbell, cymbals, drums, magic, Iron ball play, bamboo stick play,
stunt, elephant fight, horse fight, buffalo fight, bull fight, goat fight, ram
fight, rooster fight, quail fight, stick fight, fist fight, wrestling, drill,
soldier, Military Front, Military Parade [DN.1, para. 13], etc., are also those
who are uncertain.

How is it not an eye unrestless person? Here, when Picchu is a visitor to the
home, the street walker, he walks defensive: he walks without looking at the
elephant, does not look at the horse, does not look at the car, does not look at
the infantry, does not look at women.Look at men, do not look at boys, men and
women, do not look at the market, do not look at the doorstep of the house, do
not look above, do not look below, do not look around all sides. This is not an
eye unrestless person.

Or, Bichu does not become the execution of the phase, the execution of the fine
phase, because when living in the root of the eye is not protected, greed, evil
bad law will flow in, he acts according to his own control, to protect the root
of the eye, in The roots of the eye reach homemade, so that they are not
unrestless.

Or if some Samana and Master Brahmen have been given food by faith, they live in
those who do not engage in performances like this, namely: dance, singing,
music, drama, ancient speaking... (in the middle) parade, etc. Shunning people
who perform in such a variety of performances, so that they are not unrestless.

"Do not become unsettled by the eye": "The state of uncertainty of the eye
should be cut off, should be discarded, should end, and should make it
non-existent. He should have been separated from the state of uncertainty of the
eye, quanned, quashed, departed, freed, unbound, and he should live with a
restrained heart." For not to the eyes become unrestless.

"Ear should be isolated from village theory": village conversation is called 32
kinds of animal theories, namely: kings, thieves, ministers, army theory, fear,
war, food theory, drink theory, clothes, beddings On, wreath theory, smell
theory, affinity theory, village theory, town theory, urban theory, land theory,
woman theory, [man theory,] heroism, street theory, water well theory, ancestral
theory, species theory, world origin, ocean Theory of origin, if there is no
matter [DN.1, para. 17] etc. "Ear should be isolated from village theory": "The
ear should be isolated from village theory, should be prevented, should be
homemade, should be guarded, should be protected, should be closed, should be
severed." For the ear should be isolated from village theory.

"In taste should not be with greedy": "In taste (in taste)", there is root, dry,
peel, leaf, floral, fruit, sour, sweetness, bitter, spicy, salty, alkali, sour,
Astringent, pleasant taste, unpleasant taste, cool, hot, some Samana, Brahmen
are the taste of the seeders, they have the tongue for the top taste and roam,
they get sour after seeking no sour taste, get no sour After seeking sour
taste... (Medium) get cool after all the heat, get the heat after all the cold,
they get after each get because of unsatisfied and repeated demands, in the
consensual taste greedy, greedy, tied, obsessed, dyed, was Attached, entrenched,
handicapped, whoever for him this taste of thirst love was cut off, cut off...
(medium) was burned by the wisdom fire, he eats food after inspection: "Neither
for pleasure... (medium) no fault, Live happy'

If he is oiled to sores only for the purpose of reaching [long meat], or, if he
is oiled on the axle, only for the purpose of transportation of goods, or if he
eats his son's meat food only for the desertient The purpose, the same, to eat
food after picchu Ruri: "Neither for pleasure... (medium) without fault, to live
well." The thirst of taste shall be cut off, he should be discarded, it should
end, and it should be made to absent. He should have been separated from taste
thirst, quanned, quashed, departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he should live
with a restrained heart." For the taste should not follow greed。

"And there should not be any [thing] in the world as my own": "There are two
kinds of things I do: I do [because of] the thirst that I do with the [cause]
see. ... This is what I do with thirsty love... This is what I see. After giving
off my thirst and love, I should not treat the eye as my own... ear... nose...
tongue... body... sounds... smells... all tastes... all touches... The law...
the family... groups (public)... shelter... benefits... reputation... praise...
music... clothes... feeding... shelter... patient needs and medical
necessities... desires... color circles... Colorless... To have... colorless...
colorless... want to have... no want to have... but want to have... there is...
four has... five has... the past... the future... should not be seen now. ,
heard, felt, can be the knowledge of the methods of their own, should not hold,
should not be carried out, should not be persistent. "Any [thing]", any color,
by, like, want, line, knowledge, etc. "In the world," in the worlds of bitter
worlds... To and should not treat any [thing] in the world as its own.

Because of that., Worldend says:

"Do not take the eye to become unsettled, the ear should be isolated from
village theory,

The taste should not be accompanied by greed, and no [thing] in the world should
be considered as its own."

158. When touched, Bichu should not be sad wherever it is.

There should be no prayers, and in fear should not be trembling.

"When touched": "Touch", contact with disease. Will be the contact of diseases,
torture, binding, have; will be contact with eye diseases, torture, binding,
have; by ear disease... by the nose disease... by the tongue... by the head
disease... by the external ear disease... ... by mouth disease... being cough...
being pumped by external nasal disease... by fever... old... by abdominal
disease... coma... being diarrhedened... by abdominal pain... by cholera... by
leprosy... by tumor... ... Ringworm... lung disease... Ringsoriasis...
scabies... scratched by rhymia (a kind of sickness)... cracked skin...
blood-blood-bladder... with hemorrhoids... rash (boils blisters)... Hemorrhoid
fistula (ulcer)... disease that is erected by the gall... Disease of sputum
waiting... Diseases that are set up by the wind... Diseases that are set up by
[three]... diseases due to seasonal changes Diseases born out of improper
posture... Diseases that were suddenly struck by the industry... were cold...
hot... being hungry... being thirsty [... being urinated]... will be flies
mosquito wind The contact of the sun snake, torture, binding, possesses." For
when touched.

"Bichu should not make sorrow everywhere": "It should not be done, should not be
produced, should not be born, should not be born, should not be born, it should
not be born of sadness, sorrow, weeping, weeping, lament, state of sadness, The
state of sorrow, words, useless words, mumbling, weeping, weeping, weeping. "No
matter where, no matter where, wherever, inside or outside or outside." For
Bichu, no matter where it is, should not be weeping.

"Should not pray for there": "There should not be a desire; there should be no
desire for color; no colorless, he should not ask; should not pray." I should
not pray there.

"And there should be no big trembling in fear": "Fear", with a single act of
terror is the one that is afraid. This was said by Worldman, "If it is
impossible to give up that terror and fear, what if it comes?" The outward is
said to be lion, tiger, leopard, bear, doggy, wolf, bison, horse, elephant,
snake, scorpion, centipede, or thieves or hooligans who do or prepare Or by
other acts of terror is called the horror of the heart, the stiff state of
terror, the erection of the hair, fear of fear of the heart: horror of life, old
terror, the horror of the disease, the terror of death, the king's terror, The
horror of thieves, the terror of fire, the terror of water, self-rebuke terror,
the terror of others, the horror of the stick, the horror of the wicked, the
fear of the wave, the scary of the dragon, the scary of the vortex, the fear of
the crocodile [ AN.4.122], the fear of livelihood, fear of fear of fear in
groups, intoxicated horror, horror of vicious horror, stiff state of terror,
hair erection, fear of fear of fear . "and should not tremble in fear": after
seeing or hearing scared, should not tremble, should not tremble (strong
trembling), should not tremble (strong trembling), should not be afraid, should
not be afraid ( Upward fear), should not fear (all fear), should not be terror,
should not come to fear, should be not afraid, do not frighten, do not frighten,
do not frighten, do not flee, should live in having disconnected the fear of
fear, has Leaving hair erected. As well as fear should not be big trembling.

Because then, Worldman said:

"When touched, Bichu should not be weeping wherever it is,

It should not be prayed for there, and in fear should not be trembling."

159. For food, drinks, hard food, clothes,

It should not be stored after getting, and when you don't get those should not
be fought.

"For food, drinks, hard food, clothes": "For food," rice, porridge, noodles,
fish, meat. "For drinks", there are eight kinds of drinks: mango juice, Yanfu
juice, Shura juice, banana juice, honey juice, grape juice, lotus root juice,
and a lot of sand juice. The next eight kinds of drinks: jujuices, jujube juice,
jujube juice, ghee drinks, [sesame oil, etc.] oil drinks, milk drinks, [cold]
porridge drinks, [vegetable juice, etc.] juice drinks. "Hard food", ground into
powder for hard food, biscuit hard food, root [class] hard food, leather
material [class] hardFood, leaves [class] hard food, flower [class] hard food,
fruit [class] hard food. "For clothes," there are six types of clothes: linen,
cotton, silk, sweater, burlap, hemp coat. For food, drinks, hard food, clothes.

"Should not be stored after getting": "After getting, after obtaining, after
acquiring, after acquiring, after possession, after receiving: not to trick, not
to climb, do not imply, not to sarcastic, not in exchange for other Carriage, do
not apply wood cloth, do not use bamboo cloth, do not apply leaves, no flower
cloth, no bath cloth, do not wash cloth, do not apply cloth from clay, do not
apply cloth from toothcloth, Not to wash the water cloth, do not flatter, not
open the river in the mouth, not to meet, do not slander behind (Sri Lanka
version), not to domesticate, not to animal life, not to astrology, not [when]
envantment, not to [when] [When] dispatched, not to [when] the errands, do not
take medical care, not to build new work, do not feed in return, do not give to
cloth, after he obtained it properly by law, after obtaining, after acquiring,
after possession, After receiving it. For getting the post. "Should not be
stored", food storage, storage of drinks, clothing storage, storage of car
rides, storage of bed, storage of spices, storage of belongings, should not be
made, should not be produced, It should not be born, it should not be born." To
get it should not be stored.

"And when I don't get those should not chestnut": "I don't get food, or I don't
get drinks, or I don't get clothes, or I don't get home, or I don't get a group,
or I don't get shelter, or I don't Gets gains, or I don't get fame, or I don't
get praise, or I don't get pleasure, or I don't get clothes, or I don't get a
group meal, or I don't get shelter, or I don't get the patient's needs and
medication Essentials, or I don't have a patient caregiver, he should not
tremble, should not be afraid, should not be afraid, should not be afraid,
should not come to fear: 'I am a non-famous person. ' They should be not timid,
not frightened, not frightened, not frightened, not fleeing. I should dwell in
having cut off fear of terror, and have left the hair erected." As well as when
you don't get those should not be fighted.

Because then, Worldman said:

"And for food, drinks, hard food, clothes,

It should not be stored after getting, and when you don't get those should not
be fighted."

160. Become a meditation rather than a wandering, it should stop regretting
     should not be liberated,

And in the seat on the bedroom, Picchu should live in a little place.

"Be a meditation rather than a wanderer": "The Medator", "Meditate with the
First Zen, the Second Zen as a Medist, and the Third Zen as a Medist, and the
Fourth Zen as a Medist, also to find Servo Zen to become a meditation, but also
to become meditator, also to have a Zen to become a meditator, also to unhei Zen
to become a meditation, also to Hei Yo Zen to become a meditation, and also to
meditate with the memu Meditators, also to meditate with musical instruments to
become meditators, also to calm Zen to become meditators, also to empty Zen to
become meditators, also to the Zen meditator, also to the world of Zen To be a
meditator and a meditator of Zen by birth, he is a lover of Zen, practitioner of
singeness, and a supreme interest revered. For meditation.

"instead of wanderer", how is a loaver? Here a certain kind of people have
wandering: from garden to garden, from garden to garden, village to village,
from town to town, city to city, from country to country, from place to place,
he lives in long parade, The practitioners of irregular processions. This is the
wanderer.

Or Bichu wandering in the monk garden: no interest, no reason to cause, no
reason to lift the ground, from the monk to the monk house, from the residence
to the residence, from the half-roof to the half-roof house, from High rise to
high rise, go from flat house to flat house, from cave to cave, from cottage to
cottage, from heavy to heavy house, from lookout to lookout, from tent to tent,
from shed Go to the shed, from the lecture hall to the lecture hall, from the
round house to the round house, from under the tree to the tree, or the picchu
sit down there, where he goes there to be second to one, or third for two, or
right Three became fourth. There are many dirty words, namely: kings, thieves,
ministers, army theory, fear theory, war, food theory, beverage theory, clothes
theory, car ride theory, wreath, smell theory, affinity theory , Village theory,
town theory, urban theory, land theory, woman theory, [man theory,] heroism,
street theory, water well theory, ancestorSpirituality, species theory, world
origin theory, ocean origin theory, if there is no matter, etc., this is also
vandering.

"Not the wandering," he should be cut off, should be discarded, should end, and
should make it non-existent. He should have been separated from the wandering,
quanned, quashed, departed, departed, freed, unbound, he should live with the
restrained heart, should be practiced, should act, should act, should turn, It
should be guarded, should be made to survive, should be made to survive. Should
become happy to sit alone, love alone, inner end practitioner, do not disregard
Zen, have viewers, gain empty house [MN.32, para. 334], meditation, Zen loving,
single Sex practitioners, revered in the supreme interests." To become a
meditation rather than a wanderer.

"Should stop regretting should not be relax": ""Regret", hand inaction
(mischievous restlessness) for regret, foot does not work for regret, hands and
feet are also regretted, inappropriate to be thought (consider) for Appropriate,
appropriate is thought to be inappropriate, sinless is thought to be sinful,
sinful is thought to be sinless, where such remorse, the path of regret, the
state of regret, the remorse of the heart, the confusion of intent, This is
called regret.

In addition, the remorse of the heart, the confusion of mind aroused by two
factors: what was done and what was not done. What is the confusion of remorse,
the regret of the heart and the remorse of the mind? "I have done my deeds, and
good deeds have not been done by me." He was born of remorse, the remorse of his
heart, and the confusion of his mind; 'I did evil; and I did not do good deeds
He gave birth to remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the confusion of intent;
'My evil deeds were done by me, and good deeds were not done by me... (middle) I
did the death, and I did not. ' He was born to regret the confusion of meaning;
"Not given but taken by me... Evil was done by me,... delusional words were made
by me... I did the offensive words... and I did it... and I did obscene words by
me. Done... Greed was done by me... Malice was done by me... Wickedness was done
by me, and I was not doing it." He gave birth to remorse, the remorse of his
heart, and the confusion of intent, which was done and what was not done,
remorse of the heart, the confusion of his mind.

Or, 'I'm not all branches on my ring. ' He was born of regret, the remorse of
his heart, and confusion; 'I am not the guardian of the root. ' ... (medium)
'I'm not a good amount of diet. ' ... 'I'm not a sober specializing in. ' ... 'I
do not have a sense and mentality. ' ... 'Four thoughts were not practiced by
me. ' ... 'Four is not practiced by me. ' ... 'Four gods have not been practiced
by me. ' ... 'Five were not practiced by me. ' ... 'Five forces have not been
practiced by me. ' ... 'Seven Joyuchu was not practiced. ' ... 'Eight sacred
paths have not been practiced by me. ' ... 'Suffering is not known to me. ...
'Set was not cut off by me. ' ... "The way was not practiced by me. ... 'I have
not testified. ' He was born of remorse, heart regret, confusion of intent.
"Should stop regretting", "Regret he should be away, should stop (abstain),
should shun, should be disconnected, should be discarded, should end, should
make it to absent. He shall have been separated from regret, quanned, quashed,
departed, departed, freed, bound, and bound, and he shall dwell with a
restrained heart." Regret for what should stop.

"Should not be relaxed" should be respectful authors, regular authors, non-stop
authors, people who have not been adhered to, do not neglect their will, those
who do not neglect responsibility, do not relax in good law. "How can I complete
the unfinished precepts, or can I finance all aspects of the completion with
Hui?" Where he has the will, refined, courageous, hard, perseverance, fortitude,
not shrink, mindfulness, zealous, diligent, established, practiced, not to relax
in good law; how can I complete the unfinished destinations... How can I
complete the unfinished unfinished unfulfilled... to free the wisdom... 'How can
I know the untold bitterness, or I can cut off uninterrupted pollution, or I can
practice an unlearned path, or I can testify that I have not The destruction of
the testimony? Whosoever is there will, refinement, courage, hard work,
perseverance, perseverance, reckless, mindfulness, mindfulness, zealous,
diligent, established, practiced, not to relax in good law. Regret should not be
relaxing for what should stop.

"And in the seat in the bedroom, Bichu should live in a little place": "And, the
continuation of the sentence... (middle). "He sat down is called a seat: bed,
chair, mat, small cushion, leather cushion, grass seat cushion, leaf seat
cushion, straw seat cushion. Houses, dwellings, half-roofed houses, tall
buildings, flat houses, caverns are called sleeping places. In order to be in
the seat on the bedroom.

"Bichu should live"In less sound, quiet, isolated atmosphere, people alone,
suitable for sitting alone, walking around the premises, walking, moving,
living, acting, turning, guarding, making survival, survival." In order to be in
the seat and in the bedroom, Bichu should live in a little sound.

Because then, Worldman said:

"To be a meditation rather than a wandering, it should stop regretting should
not be liberated,

And in the seat on the bedroom, Bichu should live in a little bit."

161. should not sleep more, should remain awake, become enthusiastic,

Lazy, deception, [out loud] laughing, entertaining, lust, having decoration he
should be cut off.

"Should not sleep more": "Day and night [minutes] for six parts after five parts
should go to the road, some should lie down." As should not sleep more.

"Should be awake and be enthusiastic": "Here, Bichu, during the day to walk and
sit down, to purify the heart from the law of obstacles. At the beginning of the
night, the heart should be purified from the law of obstacles by doing and
sitting in peace. In midnight, the right threatened as a lion lying, put [left]
foot on the [right] foot, mindfulness, and thought up. In the late night, by
doing and sitting in peace, the heart should be purified from the law of
obstacles. [SN.35.120]

"Should be awake", 'should be kept, should be maintained completely, should
follow, should bend towards compliance, should be fully obedient, should be
directed towards compliance sober. ' As should remain awake.

"Enthusiastic", enthusiasm is called vitality, that is the inspiration of heart
vitality, diligent, hard, refined, diligent, diligent, fortitude, persistence,
not relaxation of the state of courage, do not give up the will state, no
Neglecting the state of responsibility, the support of responsibility, vitality,
vitality, vitality, positive improvement. Reach (have), fully arrived (have),
entered, fully entered, fully sufficient, fully sufficient, with this
enthusiasm, he is called an enthusiastic person." To be awake and be
enthusiastic.

"Laziness, deception, [out loud] laughing, entertaining, lust, decorated he
should be cut off": "lazy": "lazy": lazy is lazy for the purpose of lazy state,
the heart is lazy [defeated]; lazy, lazy The idle state of the purpose.
"Deception": deception is called deception. Here, after a certain type of person
is committed by evil... (in the middle) in words... after the act of bad faith,
its collection thus erected evil desires, he wants: "May he Do not know me!"
Intent: "May he not know me!" Say, "May he not know me!" The Word [AN.6.45];
working physically: "May he not know me!" Where such [deception,] deception,
transborder (violation), deception, concealment, obfuscation, concealment,
secrecy, concealment, hiding (keep secret all over), concealed, hidden, hidden,
unspecified behavior, non-public Behavior, the act of concealing evil, which is
called deception. "[Loud] Laughing": Here, a certain category of people laughed
excessively. It was Zun said, "The Bichu! In the law of the Holy One, this is
the child, namely: overly toothing laughing [AN.3.108]"

"Entertainment": There are two types of entertainment: physical entertainment
and speech entertainment. What is the recreation of the body? They play like,
also horse play, also play with cars, also play with bow play [, also with sword
and other weapons], also play with eight chess, also play in the sky chess, also
play jumping house, also play with stone, and dice Board play, also play with
wooden sticks, also play with dice, also play with flute, also play with toy
hoe, also play with somersault, also play with toy windmills, also play with toy
measuring instrument, also using car games, also with car games Toy bows play,
but also play with guesswork, play with guessing, but also play with imitation
of flaws [DN.1, para. 14], this is the body's entertainment. What is the
entertainment of speech? Drum playing with a voice, the mouth is smeared
[imitation] drum, sound made after the mouth [imitation] of the felling drum,
the voice made after the lip flesh is curved, playing with mouth [imitation]
drum, mouth [imitation] drum hollow sound, loud The sound of cheers, the
commotion of dancers, singing, laughing acts, this is the entertainment of
words.

Whoever is unrighteous, filthy law (village law), evil law, crude, affection,
cleansed with water (by the water), secret, one-to-one equal to the name of the
law of lust. For what reason is called the Lust Act? "Of the two men who are
greedy, the greedy, full of greedy, the bondage, the heart is overtaken, and the
same." It is called the law of lust for that reason. If there are two brawlers,
they are called "sickers"... (cf.); there are two discussants... there are
two... there are two contenders... there are two... there are two interlocutors
Two, they are called the "swords." The same, "Of the two who are greedy, the
greedy, full of greedy, the bound, the heart is overtaken, and the same." It is
called the law of lust for that reason.

"Decoration": There are two kinds of decorations: there are decorations in the
family, there are family decorations. What is the decor in the family? Hair,
Beard, Wreath, Spices, Balm, Accessories (), Accessories (), Clothes, Bedding,
Bandana, Massage, Rubbing, Bath, Rubbing, Mirror, Eye Cream, Garland [Spice]
Balm, Face Pink, face cream, bracelet, ribbon hair accessories, rod, tube,
sword, parasol, colored shoes, bun, jewelry, whisk, long and short white clothes
(Thai version), which is in the decoration of the family. What is the decoration
of the family? decorations of clothes, decorations of bowls, sitting fixtures,
decorations of this rotten body or necessities, landscaping (solemn), dress up,
good dress, state of greedy, state of greed, impetuous state, Impituous thin,
which is out of the family's decor.

"Lazy, deception, [out loud] laughing, entertaining, lust, decorating, he should
be cut off": "Lazy, deception, [out loud] laughing, entertainment, desire,
decorated, with entourage, surrounded, necessities He [all] shall be cut off,
should be discarded, should end, and should make it to nonexistent." For
laziness, deception, [out loud] laughing, entertaining, desire, having
decoration he [all] should be cut off.

Because then, Worldman said:

"You should not sleep more, we should stay awake and be enthusiastic.

Laziness, deception, [loud] laughing, entertaining, lust, decorating he should
be cut off."

162. magic (Aqu), dream, occupation, and constellation should not be engaged,

Beast voice, pregnancy, medicine, believers should not engage in.

"Magic (Au Po), dream, occupation, and astrology should not be engaged":
magicians engaged in magic: when the city is besieged, or war, they cause
disaster in the enemy enemy, the enemy; Causes harm; causes disease; epidemic
disease; abdominal pain; cholera; dysentery. Magicians like this are engaged in
magic.

The dreamers tell the dream: Whosoever sees a dream in the morning, he has such
a kneat; whosoever sees a dream at noon, he has such a fruit report; and
whosoever sees a dream in the evening, he has such a fruit report; The first
night... (middle) where in midnight... all in the late night... all threatened
to lie down... all with the threat of the left lying... all lying with right
threat... where lying up... where lying down... whosoever sees the moon...
Whosoever sees the sun... whosoever sees the sea... whosoever sees Sumaisan
King... who sees the elephant... whosoever sees horses... who sees the
carriage... who sees the infantry... who sees the army of the garden which is
pleasant ... Whoever can delight the forest... where the land can be
delightful... who sees the delightful lotus pool, he has a fruit report like
this. Dreamers like this tell the dream.

The filers tell the phase: orb, cane, clothes phase, knife phase, arrow phase,
bow phase, weapon phase, woman phase, man phase, girl phase, boy phase, female
slave phase, male slave phase, elephant, horse phase, buffalo phase, Cow king,
bull phase, goat phase, ram phase, chicken phase, quail phase, large lizard
phase, lotus peel phase, turtle shell phase, deer are equal. Like this, the
spectators tell the phase.

Astrologers told Xingshuku: "There are twenty-eight stars, to this star house
should be entered by writers, to this star house should be tiara, to this star
house should make the marriage be made, to this star house seeds should be
transported To be made, to share this star accommodation should be walked into."
Astrologers like this tell Star House.

"Magic, dreaming, astrology, and astrology should not be engaged": "magic,
dreaming, astrology, astrology should not be engaged, should not practice,
should not be practiced, should not be held after turning, or, should not
Learning, should not remember, should not be understood, should not distinguish,
should not be committed." For magic, dream, faceting, and astrology should not
be engaged.

"Beast voice, pregnancy, medicine, believers should not be engaged": beast voice
is called the beast language. "They know the roar, tweet of birds or four-footed
beasts." Like this, the beast linguists tell the beast language. They make the
fetus abode with pregnancy, and the fetus does not stand for two reasons: by
[parasitic] worm or by wind. Give herbs to the defense of worms or wind shaking,
like so they make the fetus abode with pregnancy. "Healing", there are five
types of treatment: ophthalmology, surgery, internal medicine, exorchomination,
pedi "Believers", believers of Buddha, believers of law, believers of monks. He
takes the Buddha as his own, or the Buddha holds that person. This was said by
the Worldmen, "The! Those who are deceitful, insane, false, hypocritical, slow,
uncertain, the Picchu! Those Picchu are not my believers, Bichu! And those of
Picchu have departed from this law, and those of Picchu in this law do not come
to grow, grow, and expand. But, the Bichu! Whosoever is not deceitful, not
false, solid, unjust, well established, the Bichu! Those Picchu are my
believers, Bichu! Those who have not departed from this law, and they come to
grow, grow, and expand in this law.

"The deceit, the insinuity, the false, hypocritical, slow,

They do not grow in the law of what they have taught,

No deceit, no false talk, firm, not just, good,

They grow in what they teach." [AN.4.26]

"Beast voice, pregnancy, medicine, believers should not be engaged": "Beast
voice, pregnancy, medicine, I [mean] should not be engaged, should not bend to
engage, should not be fully engaged, should not Towards engaging, should not be
practiced, should not be carried out well, turned after being held, or, should
not learn, should not remember, should not understand, should not be
discernible, should not be committed." For beasts, pregnancy, medicine,
believers should not engage.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Magic (Aqu), dreaming, face-taking, and horoscoping should not be engaged,

Beast voice, pregnancy, medicine, believers should not be engaged."

163. The accusations should not be tremble, and the praise of Bichu should not
     become slow.

Greed along with stingy, anger and perversion he should be removed.

"The accusations should not be tremble": "Some people here either by birth, or
by surname, or by a good family, or by the beauty of Lotus, or in property, or
by research (acquisition), or employment, or (Academic), or for what they heard,
or in defense, or rebuke Bichu with something, they blame, rebuke, rebuke,
rebuke, when they are blamed, blamed, rebuked, rebuked, dispraised, not praised,
With dispraise and trembling, trembling (strong trembling), big trembling
(strong trembling), fear, fear (upward fear), fear (all over fear), fear, fear,
come to fear, should be not afraid, should not be afraid Those who do not
frighten, and those who do not flee, shall dwell in the fear of terror, and have
been erected from the hair. For accusations should not be tremble.

"Bichu praise should not become slow": "Here some people are either born, or by
surname, or by a good family, or to the beauty of lotus, or to property, or to
research (acquire), or trade, or to The Department of Work, or of the Immerse
(Academic), or for what is known, or by the argument, or praise Picchu for
something, they praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise, praise,
praise, not for praise, Appreciation, honor, praise and tribute to the high,
slow, proud, [fortitude,] for stubborn (arrogance), should not make pride
because of that, should not become rigid, very rigid, High head lift." Praise
for the Picchu symmetry should not become slow.

"Greed together with stingy, anger and dissenting words should be removed":
"Greed", that is the state of greed, greedy, greed, dyed, dyed, greed, bad root.
There are five kinds of saving stingy: [right] of the living... (medium) of the
insightful, this is called the stingy. "Anger", it's anger, hostility,
hostility, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, wicked, evil, heart harm,
mice, anger, anger, angry, angry state of anger, rage, angry, angry State,
damage, anger, anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, anger,
heart displeasure [, which is called anger]. "Distinguistic words," here, a
certain category of people is a divagonist, after he heard it from here, said
there in order to divescend to these people, or, after he heard it from there,
to say here, like Thus he is the spoiler of peace, the spreading of division,
the happy disintegration, the loving of disunity, the loving of disunity, the
likes of disunity, and the speaker of the word of disunity, which is called the
disperverse.

In addition, there are two reasons for the divination: in order to be cute, or
to split the desire. How is the desire to become cute to generate disgust? For
this, I will become cute, I will become consensual, I will become intimate, I
will become close friend, I will become cordial, so that it is in order to be
cute to generate discourse. How is the disperversive word generated by the
desire to split? "How do these become kinds, will become separation, will become
split, will become two, will become spearsShield, will become a second-faction,
so that it breaks, does not make a union, to live in bitter, unease." This is
the disgust of the desire to divide. "Greed together with stingy, anger and
dizzwords he should rule out": "Greedy, stingy, anger, pervaganance he should
exclude, should be removed, should be cut off, should be discarded, should end,
should make it to nonexistent. ." For greed along with stingy, anger and
perversion he should be removed.

Because then, Worldman said:

"The accusations should not be tremble, and the praise of Bichu should not
become slow,

Greed, along with stingy, anger and perversion, he should be removed.

164. There should be no involvement in buying and selling, and Bichu should not
     create reprimand wherever it is.

And should not be cluttered in the village, should not profit and flattering
people.

"Should not be involved in buying and selling": "Whoever is rejected in the law,
those that do not exist here in interest. How is involved in trading? The five
categories of [persons] are exchanged together: or bowls, or clothes, or any
other necessities that can be deceived or sought to increase, so that they are
involved in trading. How is it not involved in trading? The five categories
[people] are exchanged together: or bowls, or clothes, or any other necessities
that can be deceived, or do not seek to increase, so that it is not involved in
trading. "Should not be involved in buying and selling": he should not be
involved, should not establish, buy and sell should be cut off, should be
discarded, should end, and should make it non-existent. He shall have been
separated from trading, quashed, quashed, exited, left, freed, unbound, and he
shall live with a restrained heart." for which should not be involved in the
sale.

"Bichu should not create rebuke no matter where": "What is the pollution that
causes rebuke? And some of Samana and Brahmen were the mighty, the eyes of
heaven, and those who knew his heart; they saw from afar, not from near, and
knew their hearts. And there are angels who have the deity and the eyes, and
those who know his heart. They see from afar, not from near, and knoweth their
hearts. They will be rebuked for crude pollution or for moderate pollution, or
for fine pollution. What is Coarse Contamination? Wicked deeds, bad words, bad
acts, these are called crude pollution. What is Moderate Pollution? To find,
malice, harm, these are known as medium pollution. What is fine pollution?
Kindness, land search, undead search, compassion related to others, search
related to the reputation of reckless, and not to be contemptuated, these are
called fine pollution. They should not be rebuked by crude pollution, or by
moderate pollution, or by fine pollution, should not create rebuke, pollution
that causes rebuke, should not be made, should not be produced, should not be
made It should not be born. Should have been separated from the pollution that
caused reprimations, quashed, quashed, departed, departed, freed, unbound, and
he should live with a restrained heart.. "No matter where, no matter where,
wherever, inside or outside or outside." For Picchu, no matter where it is,
there should be no rebuke.

"And should not be stuck to the village": how is sticking (cluttered) to the
village? Here, Bichu lived in the village to communicate with his family, with
joy and sorrow: in their hours of joy and suffering in their suffering, he took
himself into their affairs and duties [SN.22.3], Glued to the village.

Or, Bichu in the afternoon after wearing clothes, take the mantle, not guarded,
not guarded in the language, not guarded with the heart, in order to read not
appear, to the roots are not protected, in order to pate into the village or
town [SN. 20.10], he is stuck everywhere, hooked everywhere, tied everywhere,
and misfortune and disaster everywhere [SN.17.4], which is also sticking to the
village.

How is it not sticking to the village? Here, Bichu lived in no communication
with his family, different joy, different sorrow: not when they were happy, not
in their bitter time, he did not engage in their affairs and duties by himself,
so it was not sticking to the village.

Or, after Picchu dressed in the afternoon, take the mantle, to be guarded,
guarded by the language, guarded with the heart, to read now, to the roots have
been protected, in order to pouches into the village or town, he does not stick
everywhere , not everywhere hooked, not tied everywhere, not everywhere to the
misfortune and disaster, so it is not sticking to the village. "And should not
be stuck to the village": "should not stick to the village, should not be held,
should not be tied, should not be bound. It should be the one who is not
seeking, not bound, not obsessed, sinless, should have gone away from the
covenant, the one who has no greed, has forsaken... (medium) should live with
himself as a man who has been born." As well should not be devoted to the
villageFalling.

"Should not be profitable and flattering people": What is flattering? Based on
revenuous reputation, evil desires, desires, desires nature, focus on property,
all the people of the world to speak, chat, talk, talk, talk, talk, talk,
dialogue, entanglement, completely entangled, false talk, completely false talk,
Blarney, flattering, mouth open, greeting, slander behind (Cambodia Edition),
where the soft words, dear words, Xu slow words, non-crude bad words, this is
called flattering.

In addition, flattering people in two ways: to make yourself inferior, make
others noble and flatter, or to make others to be inferior and to make
themselves noble and flattering. How is it to make yourself inferior, and make
others stand on the noble flattering man? [Thoughts:] "You are more beneficial
to me, and I rely on you to receive clothing, food, shelter, patient needs,
medical necessities, other givers or those who want to do what they think I rely
on you, All the names that I have come from my parents before you have
disappeared to me, and I have been known to you as always come to [a] house, and
the one who is always to [a certain] house." This is to make yourself inferior,
and make others stand in the noble and flattering.

How is it to make others inferiority, and make yourself high on the noble and
flattering people? [Thought:] "I am more beneficial to you, you return to
Buddha, to the law, to the monk because of me, are descendents, from the
ungivulant, away from the evil, the delusional, from the grains, fruit wine,
wine, wine For those who relax, We give you instructions to you, and ask about
Busa, and to build a monastery. But after you forsaken me, respect, respect,
respect and respect others." This is to make others inferiority, and make
themselves high on the noble and flattering.

"Should not be profit and flattering people": "should not be due to profit,
profit as a reason, profit as the reason, for the birth of the profit, so that
the benefits are familiar and flattering people, he should break flattering,
should depart, should To end, it should be made to nonexistent. He shall have
been separated from flattering, forbent, quanned, departed, left, freed, and
bound, and he shall dwell with a restrained heart." Flattering people for not
supposed to gain.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Bichu should not be involved in buying and selling, and there should be no
reprimand whomever,

And should not be cluttered in the village, not to profit and flattering
people."

165. Bichu should not be a boast, and no conjugation should be spoken.

Arrogance should not be learned and controversial talk should not be talked
about.

"Bichu should not be a boast": "Here, a certain kind of person is a boast, a
boast, he boast and show off: I am a "man of restraint," or "forbidden enough",
or "abduction and forbidden enough", or Born, or by surname, or by a good
family, or as a Lotus, or by property, or by research (acquisition), or by
trade, or by art, or impressions (academic), or Known for something, or "from
the family of nobility" [or "from a large family"], or "from a large wealth
home", or "from a rich family" [or 'home or from home person, a reputable
person, or "a profit in clothes, food, shelter, patient's needs, medical
essentials"], or "teacher", or "lawyer (lawyholder)", or "speaking person", or
"dwelling" "The forest"... (middle) or "those who want to wait until" he boast
and show off. Like this he should not boast and should not show off. The boast
that he should be cut off, he should be discarded, should end, and should make
it non-existent. He shall have been separated from boast, quashed, quashed,
departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he shall dwell with a restrained heart."
For Picchu should not be a boast.

"and should not speak joins": What is a conjunction? Here, a certain group of
people speak the conjugation of clothes, the conjugation of food, the
conjugation of residence, the patient's needs and medical necessities, which is
called the association.

Or, because of clothing, food, accommodation, patients' needs and medical
necessities are also false because of truthiness, saying that there is also no
disagreement, saying that there is nothing to say between the other, to say
crude and not crude, and he also speaks nonsensual. It also speaks smart words,
which are also known as conjant words. Or, teach others the law of pure heart:
"Oh! It is true that I should hear my law, and it will be clear after hearing
the law, and my clear deeds can produce clear." This is also known as a
junction. "And it should not be said": "Even contiguous words about the teaching
of law should not be said, should not speak, should not speak, should not say,
and should not say. Conjunction He ShouldIt should be disconnected, should be
discarded, it should be terminated, and it should be made to nonexistent. He
shall have been separated from the conjugated language, quashed, quashed,
departed, left, freed, bound, and he shall live with a restrained heart."
Conjunction is not supposed to be spoken as well.

"You should not learn arrogance": "Pride." There are three types of arrogance:
the pride of the body, the arrogance of words, the arrogance What is the
arrogance of the body? Here, a certain category of people came to show the
arrogance of the body in the monk, the group also show the arrogance of the
body, in the cafeteria also show the arrogance of the body, in the bathroom also
show the arrogance of the body, in the bath The arrogance of the body also shows
the arrogance of the body when entering the [old] home, and the arrogance of the
body when it has entered the [old] home.

How does it come to the monk to show the arrogance of the body? Here, a certain
class of people came to the monk is not respected, when touching the elders, he
stands when he touches, he sat down, standing in front of [Elders Picchu],
sitting in front of the elders, sitting in high seats, wrapping Sitting under
his head, he stood and spoke with his arm, so that he came to the monk to show
the arrogance of the body.

How does it come to a group to show the arrogance of the body? Here, a certain
group of people came to the group as disrespectful, to the elders who did not
wear shoes, they walked in shoes, to those who walked in low places he walked in
high places, to those who walked in the land he walked at the place of conduct,
when He stands when touching, when touching he sits, standing in front, sitting
in front, sitting in a high seat, wrapping his head, he stands and waved his
arms, so that he came to the group to show the body arrogance.

How to show the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria? Here, a certain category
of people is not respected in the canteen, he sat down after invading the elders
of the Bichu, with a seat to block the new Picchu, when touched he stood, when
touched he sat down, sat in front, on a high seat Sit down, wrapped his head and
sat down, he stood and spoke with his arm, so it was to show the arrogance of
the body in the cafeteria.

How is it to show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom? Here, a certain
category of people is not respected in the bathroom, when touching he stands,
when touching he sits, sitting in front, sitting in the high seat, does not ask
for permission to put in fuelwood, do not ask for permission to close the door,
waving Arm speaks, so that it shows the arrogance of the body in the bathroom.

How is it to show the arrogance of the body in the bath? Here, a certain
category of people is not respected in the bath. When touching the elders of the
Bichu, he jumps in, jumps in front, when touching, bathing in front, bathing in
the front, bathing above, when touching, he comes out of the water. Come out
from the water in front, from above from the water, so it is to show the
arrogance of the body in the bath.

How to show the arrogance of the body when entering the [old] home? Here, a
certain category of people who are not respected when they enter the [old] home,
when touching the elders Bichu, walking in front of them, walking in front of
the way [repeatedly] walk [beyond] from the front of the elders, This is to show
the arrogance of the body when entering the [old] home.

What is the arrogance of the body when you have entered the [vulgar] home? Here,
a certain category of people have entered the [vulgar] home, when "Dade! Please
do not [want to] enter" when he is said to enter when 'Daedeoku! Please do not
[want to] stand" when he is said to stand, when "Daede! Please do not [want] to
sit down" when he is said to sit down, there is no space for him to enter, there
is no space for him to stand, no space for him to sit, where the interior of the
[vulgar] house, the hidden, hidden, secret: a woman of the family, The
daughter-in-law, the daughter-in-law, the girl sit down, where he also grossly
enters, and the boy's head he touches, so that it shows the arrogance of the
body when he has entered the [old] home. It is showing the arrogance of the
body.

What is the arrogance of words? Here, a certain category of people came to show
the arrogance of words, came to the group also show the arrogance of words, have
entered the [vulgar] home also show the arrogance of words. How does it come to
the monk to show the arrogance of words? Here, a certain group of people who
came to the monk is not respected, did not ask for the permission of the elders,
or did not have been invited [to] say, answer questions, recite Portiwood Fork,
he stood and spoke , waving the arm to speak, so that it came to the monk to
show the arrogance of words.

How does it come to a group to show the arrogance of words? Here, a certain
category of people came to the group as disrespectful people, after not asking
the elders for the permission of the Bichu, or had not been invited [to] say and
answer questions to the Bichu who entered the monk. He stood and waved his arms.
To the Bichuni, the Yobo, Yobo, Yobo Yizu, and answer questions, he stood and
spoke with his arm, soIt is to come to the group to show the arrogance of words.

What is the arrogance of words when you have entered the [old] home? Here, when
a certain group of people has entered the [ordinary] home, say to women and
girls, "What is the name of this, and the last name is this: there is milk
porridge, food, hard food? What will we drink? What will we eat? What will we
chew? Or what is it: What will ye give to me? He mumbles, and whosoever such
words, unhelpful words, mumbling, verbose, multiwords, and verbosity, so
manifest the arrogance of the body when he has entered the sane. This shows the
arrogance of the body.

What is the arrogance of heart? Here, a certain category of people who are not
going from the noble family have slow people with their hearts and minds to
equate themselves with those who come out of the noble family, [those who have
not moved from the large family have a slow person with their hearts and minds
to equate themselves with those who come out of the family. ] A slow person who
is not from the big wealth home with their heart and the same as the big wealth
home, the slow person who is not from the wealthy home with their heart and the
wealthy home is equivalent, non-teacher Slow people with heart to equate
themselves with the manager, non-disciplined slow... non slower... non forest
forest has slow... very begging slow people... not wearing manure sweep
slower... not wearing manure sweep slower... Not only three slows...
non-secondary beggars have slow people... uneaten uneaten slower... very sitting
[not lying] have slow people... not everywhere there are slow people with their
heart to equate themselves with everywhere Of, not get the first Zen slower with
their heart and get the first Zen together with the same, have the second Zen
has a slow person... have a third Zen has a slow person... have to get the
fourth Zen slow... not get the fourth Zen The void is borderless slower... not
to know the infinitely slower... not get everywhere there are slow people who
want to wait until they want to wait until Those who are equal together, this is
the arrogance of the heart. "Should not learn," should not learn arrogance;
should not practice, should not practice completely, should not be held up after
turning. Arrogance should be cut off, he should be discarded, should end, and he
should be made to nonexistent. He shall have been separated from arrogance,
quanned, quashed, departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he shall dwell with a
restrained heart." For should not learn arrogance.

"Should not talk about controversial talk": "What is a controversial talk? Here,
a certain class of people is a talker: 'You have no knowledge of this law, the
law... (medium) please disassemble, if you can. ' This is said by Worldman, "Mu
Qian When there is controversy, it can be expected to say more; when you say
more, there is a shout; the loot is not self-made; the mind of the non-home-made
is far from the set. [AN.7.61]. How is it not supposed to talk about
controversial? Controversial talk should not talk, should not talk, not to say,
not to say. The controversial talk that he should be cut off, should be
discarded, should end, and should make it non-existent. He should have been
separated from controversial talk, quashed, quashed, departed, left, freed,
bondage, and he should live with a restrained mind." As should not talk about
controversial talk.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Bichu should not be a boast, and it should not speak conjugated words,

Arrogance should not be learned, and controversial talk should not be talked
about."

166. It should not be taken away in false words, and deliberate fraud should not
     be done,

And there should not be life, and with Hui, to abstinence and forbidden to
disregard others

"In false words should not be taken away": False words are called false words,
where a certain class of people go to the synagogue, or to a rally... (middle)
or a few temptations so that there is deliberate falsehood [AN. 3.28], which is
referred to as false words. Or, take three lines: just before [say] [thought]:
"I will speak paranoia." When you say [thought]: "I speak paranoia." When it has
been said [thought]: "The false words have been spoken by me." These three lines
are paranoid. Or, with four line phases... five lines... six lines... seven
lines... eight lines as delusional words: just before [say] [thought]: "I will
speak paranoia." When you say [thought]: "I speak paranoia." When it has been
said [thought]: "The false words have been spoken by me." There are dissident
(wrong) opinions, disconitant faith, hobbies of heterous, heterous thinking,
dissident nature, with these eight acts of paranoia. "Should not be taken away
in false words": "In false words should not be carried away, should not be taken
away, should not be carried away, should not be transported. False words he
should be cut off, he should be discarded, he should end.、Should make it to
non-existent。 He shall have been separated from false words, forbent, quanned,
departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he shall dwell with a restrained heart."
For in false words should not be taken away.

"Intentional fraud should not be done": What is fraudulent? Here, a certain
category of people are fraudsters, fraudsters, where fraud, fraudulent,
deception, false, pretentious, pretentious, pretentious, pretentious, is called
fraudulent. "Intentional fraud should not be done": after becoming deliberate
fraudulent, he should not do (build), should not produce, should not be born,
and should not be born. He should have been separated from fraudulent, quashed,
quashed, departed, left, freed, bound, and he should live with a restrained
heart." For intentional fraud should not be done.

"And it should not be lived, with Hui, and forbidden to disregard others":
"Again", "Continuation of sentence... (middle) This is the second sentence,
"again." Here, a certain category of crude living vivivists disdain other
wonderful living vivirers: "How rich this person lives, he eats everything,
namely: root seeds, stem seeds, section seeds, falling seeds, seed seeds, seed
[for] fifth , A thunder-like tooth hammer is also known as the Samana! [DN.25,
para. 61] He flouted other wonderful life vivists with that crude life.

Here, one category of wonderful living vivitiaries disdain others: "This unknown
incompetent person is not the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient needs,
medical necessities." He used that wonderful life to disdain other livemakers of
crude life. Here, a certain type of person is a man who answers the question he
was asked, and he said, "I am the ample, but these others are not enough." He
despised the others with his feet. Here, a certain category of people who are
abetted in restraints, who live in the protection of the self-made poloty fork,
has a positive and normal position, seeing horrible in a microcrime, and
learning after being held in school, he thought, "I am a man of restraint. But
the rest of these Picchu are the breakers and the evil of the law." He despised
the others with that restrainment. Here, a certain category of people is
forbidden: those who live in the forest, or often beggars, or those who wear
manure sweaters, or three clothes, or the second beggers, or those who do not
eat after eating, or who sit [not lying], or everywhere. He thought, "I am a
forbidden person, but these others are not those who do so." He flouted others
with that prohibition. "It should not be lived, with Hui, to abet and forbidden
to disregard others": "We should not live with crude, or a wonderful life, or be
sufficient, or restrained, or forbidden with contempt or contempt for others,
should not Because of that, it should not be a rigid, very rigid, high head
lifter because of that." For it should not be to live, with Hui, to abstinence
and forbidden to disdain others.

Because then, Worldman said:

"It should not be taken away in false words, and deliberate fraud should not be
done,

And it should not be to live, with Hui, to abstinence and forbidden to disregard
others."

167. After hearing many words from Samana or Van Haff, when he was enraged,

It should not be said back in vain, for the silence do not fight back.

"When angry after hearing many words from Samana or Van Fu": "When angry", when
defamed, rebuked, annoyed, defamed, blamed, blamed, abusive. "Samana" is anyone
who walks into the march from outside here, enters the parade. "Van Fu" for Cha
Dili, Brahmen, Bisha, Sudala, in the family, out of the family, heaven, people.
They will abuse many undesirable, unpleasant, undesirable words, defamation,
anger, anger, hurt, distress, kill, annoy, annoy, harm. Many of their
undesirable, unpleasant, undesirable words after hearing, after hearing, after
grasping, after understanding, after identification." To hear the many words of
Samana or Van Fu, when he is enraged.

"It should not be crucially said back": "The "crude", should not go back in vain
and crude, should not go back to argument, should not return to abusive, should
not return to irritator, should not return to argue Arguments [, SN.7.2], should
not be quarrel, should not be argue, should not argue, should not be argue,
should not be dissent, quarrel, argue, argue, argue, dissent. , should be
deported, should be terminated, it should be made to nonexistent. He should have
been separated from quarrels, arguments, disputes, arguments, disobedience,
quashed, quashed, departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he should live with a
restrained heart."For that should not be crude to go back.

"For the silence does not fight back": "Silent", "the greedy has been silent for
the silence,... dementia... angry... resentment... (medium), all miscreated
silence state, has been Silent, Calmed Down, Extinguished, Cooled, Departed,
Stopped Silent, Stopped, Silent, Silent, Cooler, Stop. For the Silent. "For the
silence do not fight back": the silence does not fight back, the opponents of
the wrestlers, enemies, and hostility; they do not produce, do not produce, do
not give birth, nor give birth to them. For those who are silent do not fight
back.

Because then, Worldman said:

"After hearing the many words of Samana or Van Fu, when he was enraged,

It should not be said back in vain, for the silence do not fight back."

168. After knowing this law, the selection of Picchu should always be mindful of
     learning,

Knowing that "silence" is extinct, the teachings of Jo Tamo should not be
relaxing.

"After knowledge of this law": "This is explained, taught, told, established,
uncovered, resolved, clarified, explained law has been known, understood,
measured, judged, and cleared After." This is after knowing this law. Or, "the
right and the wrong, [right] path and evil path, sinful and innocent, despicable
and wonderful, black and white, the wise and the praise of the wise, after
knowing, understanding, and measuring After, after judging, after respectively,
and figuring out." This is also after knowing this law. Or, "the right signs,
follow the signs, the unreversed signs, do not contradict signs, such as the
meaning of the signs, the law signs, the ring completely, guarding the root
gate, the right amount of diet, specialized in sober, read and Mindfulness,
four, four positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven, eight holy road,
Nibbana and guide Nibbana, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after
the difference, and after the clear. This is also after knowing this law.

"Selection of Picchu should always be mindful": ""Selection", "When the
selection; when the strong selection; when measured; when judging; when
separately; when figuring out: 'All lines are permisority'... (Slightly) "Any
set method is extinguishing method" when the selection; when the strong
selection; when measured; when judging; when separately; when figuring out.
Picchu for the selection. "Always", always; everything; all times... (medium)
old age. "Mindfulness (of)" is mindful in four ways: when practicing on the body
is mindful... (medium) he is called mindful. "Should learn", there are three
kinds of studies: add abduction, add heart, add Hui learning... (middle) This is
to add Hui learning. These three studies should be learned when toward
(noted)... (medium omit) should learn, should practice, should be good practice,
and should turn after being held." For the selection of Picchu should always be
mindful to learn.

"Knowing "silence" for the extinction of silence": "The greedy "silence" for the
extinction of silence after knowing, after knowing, after understanding,
measuring, judging of all bad... After, after each, after the figure out." To
know that "silence" is extinct.

"The commandments of Chothamot should not be liberated": "The commandment of
Chothamot, the commandments of Buddha, the commandments of the victorious, the
teachings of Rui, the angels, the commandments of Arrohan. "Should not be
relaxed", should be respectful author, regular author, non-stop author, have not
been adhered to habit, do not neglect the will, not negligent in the good law of
responsibility; "How can I complete the unfinished connotation... ... (Medium)"
"How can I complete the unfinished set..." Hui Yun... free from wisdom... "How
can I know the untold bitterness, or I can cut off uninterrupted pollution, or I
can practice. Unpracticed, or can I testify of the destruction of the
untestified?" Whosoever is there will, refinement, courage, hard work,
perseverance, perseverance, reckless, mindfulness, mindfulness, zealous,
diligent, established, practiced, not to relax in good law. There should be no
relaxation for the teachings of Jo Tamo.

Because then, Worldman said:

"After knowing this method, the selection of Picchu should always be mindful to
learn,

Knowing that silence is extinct, the teachings of Jotamoh should not be
relaxing."

169. Because he was a conqueror who was not conquered, he saw the law of
     self-evidence rather than rumors,

It is therefore true that those who do not relax of the worldly commandment
should always follow with respect. [Like this Worldman (said)]

"For he is a conqueror that is not conquered":"Conqueror", the color of the
conqueror, the voice of the conqueror, the conqueror of the smell, the conqueror
of the taste, the conqueror of the law, is not conquered by any pollution, he
conquered those evil evil law: Shun pollution And the again, the fear, the
bitter, the future will live and die." Because he is a conqueror that is not
conquered.

"He sees self-evidence law rather than rumor": "Self-evidence law", not rumor,
not by work like this, not by inheritance, not in three possession, not by
theoretical reflection, not accepted after meditating opinions, are He who
testifies himself and testifies to himself, sees, sees, sees, sees, and is able
to reach." For him who saw the self-evidence law, not rumors.

"Therefore, indeed to that worldly commandment": "Therefore, therefore; that
reason; that cause; that cause; that cause; that cause. "The commandment of the
worldly, the commandment of the worldly, the commandment of Gotama, the
commandment of Buddha, the commandment of the victorious, the commandment of the
angels, the commandment of the angels, the commandment of Allohan For therefore
indeed the commandment of the worldly.

"He who does not relax should always salute and learn. [Worldly like this]":
"The "Uncomfortable", respectful author... (medium) does not relax in good law.
"Always", always; [everything;] all the time... (medium) old age. "Salute", to
bodily salute, or worship in words, or to the heart, or to the meaning of the
act of salute, respect, respect (Thailand version), respect 、Respect。 "With
the study", there are three kinds of studies: add abstraction, add heart
learning, add Hui learning... (middle) This is the addition of Hui learning.
These three studies should be learned when toward (noted)... (middle) should be
learned when testifying should be given, should be practiced, should practice,
should be good practice, and should turn after being held. "Worldworld",
synonyms of respect... Anrat (Kana), the testimony of Worldworld. For those who
do not relax should always salute and learn. [Like this Worldman (said)]

Because then, Worldman said:

"For he is a conqueror who is not conquered, and he saw the law of
self-evidence, not rumors,

It is therefore true that those who do not relax of the worldly commandment
should always follow with respect. [Like this Worldman (said)]"
