### 6. Upasīva

38. [Venerable Upasīva like this:] Sakyamuni! Alone lonely, without support, I can't
    get through the storm,
All-seeing One, please tell me about an object, those who depend on which can
    survive the storm.

"Sakyamuni! I am lonely... the storm": ""Lonely", "Without my person's partner,
or without my partner of Dhamma: Anyone who is dependent on the law can survive,
can transcend, pass, surpass, and overcome the storms of great desire, the
storms of seeing, the storms of ignorance." "Sakyamuni", ...(omitted, see
previous section). I am lonely... a big storm.

"[Like this Venerable Upasīva]": ...(omitted, see previous section).

"Unsupported, I can't get through": "The "unsupported", without support of man
or without support of the Dhamma, I can't can't afford to get over it,
transcend, pass, surpass, overcome the violent currents of great desire, the
violent currents of seeing, the violent currents of ignorance. "Being
unrestrained, I cannot get through."

"All-seeing, please tell about the object": "The object, the dependence of the
condition, the close dependence, please tell, please explain, teach, inform,
establish, uncover, parse, clarify, please explain. "All eyes", all eyes are
called the state of all knowing wisdom. Therefore, the Blessed One reaches
(has), enters, enters completely, has enough, knowledge of the state wisdom(??).

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there are still
unknowable, unknowable things,
He proves that everything that exists should be led to infer, because the
Tathāgata is like that for all eyes. "" [Ps.1, paragraph 121]

For all those who see, please tell me.

"Anyone who is dependent (on it) can ride through the storm": "Anyone who is
dependent", a mortal or law-based person can overcome, transcend, pass, surpass,
and overcome the storm of great desire, some storms, seeing storms, ignorance
storms." Those who depend on it can survive the storm."

39. [Blessed One: "Upasīva!"] Watching non-owning, mindful, relying on "nothing"
    (the contemplation thereof) to make you ride through the storm,
After giving up on desire, day and night see (contemplate) the demise of
    craving.

"Watching non-owning, mindful": "The Brahman was originally the attainer
and the dependent who has no possessions. He doesn't know "This is my
dependence." The Blessed One explained to him the dependence and the higher way
out: enter into the state of non-ownership with mindfulness and wait, and then
after coming out from there, seeing (it) is impermanent, suffering, and sick in
the mind and mental states that arise, tumor, arrow, ...(omitted, see previous
sections)..., trouble, renunciation, he is watching, seeing, and observing.

"Those with thoughts": all thoughts, perceptions, memories... (omitted)
This is called thought. Having... (Omitted) Having this thought, he is called a
thoughtful person. "Watching the non-owner, the mindful.

"[Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]": ...(omitted).

"Relying on "Nothing" makes you ride through the storm": ""Nothing" means
waiting for nothing. For what reason is "nothing" waiting for nothingness? Enter
into the boundless place of knowledge mindfully (jhāna of infinite
consciousness??). After waiting, and then coming out from there, that
consciousness does not make it exist, make it disappear, he sees "nothing", and
for this reason "nothing" is nothing. After relying on, and after doing what you
want, you can get through, surpass, pass, go over, overcome the storms of
desire, some storms, the storms of seeing, the storms of seeing (should be
"ignorance"??)." "After that, you get through the storm.

"After giving up on desire, I have been freed from doubts": ""Desire", there are
two kinds of desires from praising: the desire of things and the desire of
pollution... (omitted, see previous sections). "After giving up on the desires",
"after knowing the desires for things, after giving up on the desires for
pollution, after giving up, after being driven away, after finishing, and making
it come to non-existence." After giving up on desire. "I have been separated
from doubts", doubts are called doubts: doubts on suffering...(omitted).. "I
have been separated from doubts and abstained, has been abstained, has been
separated, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he
lives with the heart of separation and limitation." This is to have been
separated from all doubts. Or, "Separated from thirty-two kinds of beasts,
abstinence, quashed, renunciation, and liberation, he lives with the heart of
separation and limitation." This is also the separation from doubts." After the
break, he was free from all doubts.

"Day and night see the extinguishment of craving": "The craving of "thirst"...
(omitted). Night is called night, day is day, day and night, watch and increase,
looking up, seeing, watching, observing the extinction of craving, the
extinction of greed, ...of hatred, ...of ignorance, of interest, of past life,
of the end of life, of reincarnation, of rotation." Day and night, increase to
see the end of craving.

40. [Venerable Upasīva like this:] Anyone who has left greed in all desires,
    relies on nothingness and abandoning all others,
The victor who has the highest liberation of knowledge, can he dwell there and
    become a non-traveler?

"Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": "In everything", all
completely, completely in every aspect, without residue, and the whole earth.
This is the language of pervasiveness, which is "in everything." "Desire",
...(omitted). "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": "Anyone who
has gone away from greed in all desires, has no greed, has abandoned greed, has
eliminated greed, has freed from greed, has renounced greed, has broken greed,
those who have suppressed greed." Those who have departed from greed in all
their desires.

"[Like this Venerable Upasīva]": ...(omitted).

"Rely on no owner and abandon the others": "The lower six wait until he
abandons, renounces, after giving up forever, surpasses, crosses, overcomes, and
becomes a dependent (becomes nothing??), sticky person who has no place to wait.
Those who enter, those who fully enter, those who are dyed, those who turn their
minds toward them." After abandoning others for reliance on no owner.

"The victors who are liberated and are at the highest level": "Those who want to
liberate are called the seven kinds of wanting to wait (??), and there is
nowhere to wait for liberation for those who want to wait to be the first and
the most victorious, the best, the foremost, the highest, the top, the winner of
liberation, There is the overcomer, the character, the more, the heavy (??), the
one who is the object, the harder, the lean, the overwhelming, and the winner."
It is the one who has the highest level of success in liberation.

"Can he dwell there and become a non-traveler": ""Can he dwell", questioning of
doubt, questioning of perplexity, questioning of confusion, more than one
question: "Is that so? Isn't that true? What is it? How is it?" "Can he dwell".
"There", in nowhere. "Non-travelers", those who do not follow, those who do not
shake (shake??), those who do not leave, those who do not disappear, and those
who do not return. Or, the one who is not infected, the one who does not fall,
the one who does not change to be foolish, the one who is not defiled. "Can he
dwell there and become a non-traveler?"

41. [Blessed One: "Upasīva!"] After going away from greed in all their desires,
    relying on nothingness, abandoning other things,
The victor who is liberated in the knowledge, he can live there and become a
    non-traveler.

"Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires":  ...(omitted).

"[Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]": ...(omitted).

"Rely on no owner and abandon the others": ...(omitted).

"The victors who want to liberate and are at the highest level": ...(omitted).

"He can dwell there and become a non-traveler": ""He can dwell", he can live and
stand for sixty thousand kalpas. "There", in nowhere. "Non-traveler", the
non-follower, the one who does not shake (waver??), the one who does not leave,
the one who does not disappear, the one who does not retreat. Or, the one who is
not infected, the one who does not fall, the one who does not remain ignorant,
the one who does not defile." He can dwell there and become a non-traveler.

42. [Venerable Upasīva like this:] If he can live there and become a
    non-traveler, even for many years, all-seeing One!
Would he become cooled and liberated? Will the consciousness of people like that
    die?

"If he can live there and become a non-follow": ...(omitted).

"Even for many years, all-eyes": ""Even for many years, many years; many hundred
years; many thousand years; many ten thousand years; many kalpas." All eyes are
called the state of all knowing wisdom... (omitted) "All eyes, even for many
years!

"Will he become cooled and liberated? Will the consciousness of a person like
that die?": ""The arrival of the cool state, constant, firm, eternal, and
unchanging. Will it survive as everlasting? Or will his consciousness die, be
extinguished, disappear, perish, or not exist?" "Will some reborn consciousness
be born from the desire realm, or the physical realm, or the non-material realm?
He asked (of??) the permanence and extinction of those who have entered into
nothingness. Or will they be there to realize Nibbāna in the unremaining realm
of Nibbāna (??)? Or, "Will his consciousness die, and the further realization of
consciousness will arise in the desire realm," Or the physical realm, or the
non-material realm?" He asked about the Nibbāna and consummation of those who
have no place to regenerate. "That kind of person, "Like that, the fixator, this
kind, the similar, the rebirth with nowhere. "Would he become cooled and
liberated there?" Will the consciousness of people like that die?

43. [Blessed One: "Upasīva!"] Like the flame being thrown by the wind, goes to
    extinction and cannot be reckoned (to exist),
Like this, the Muni has been freed from the name and body, goes to extinction,
    and cannot be reckoned (to exist).

"Like a flame thrown by the wind": "The flame is called a light flame. "Wind",
east wind, west wind, north wind, south wind, dusty wind, dust-free wind, cold
wind, hot wind, small wind, extreme wind, swift wind, cross wind, wind of the
golden-winged bird, wind of the dormitory leaves, wind of the fan. "Tossed by
the wind", tossed, thrown, dispersed, strongly dispersed, hit, eliminated by the
wind." It is like a flame thrown by the wind.

"[Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]": ...(omitted).

"Goes to extinction, cannot be reckoned": ""Walk to extinction", to go to
extinction, make it go to extinction, be extinct, be calmed down, to stop.
"Cannot be reckoned by name", s difficult to be given a name, says it does not
come, calculates it does not come, sets up it does not come (??): "It has
arrived in the East, or has arrived in the West, or has arrived in the North;
Either it has reached the south, or has reached the top, or has reached the
bottom, or has reached the horizontal direction, or has reached the middle of
the four directions." It has no cause, no predestiny, and no factor that will
fall into (walk to) the name. "It does not come to the name because it goes to
extinction.

"Muni is free from name and body like this": "Like this" is a figurative
arrangement. "Muni", ...(omitted). "Already freed from the name and body", the
Muni who had been freed from the body before, crossed that part (??) and was cut
off by the town (??). For the Muni, because of the existence, the four holy ways
are obtained, the name and body are omnibigued (known??) in the acquired state
of the four holy ways, and the omniscience of the name and body is the
omniscience of the name and body (??). Disengagement from the body, liberation,
and liberation without clinging. "Because Muni is free from name and body like
this.

"Walking to extinction, he cannot be reckoned": ""He doesn't come to the name"
with the world of Nibbāna without remnants. "He does not come to the name", he
does not come to the name of the one who realizes Nibbāna in the world of
Nibbāna without residual. He does not come (he is difficult to be given a name),
says that he will not come, counting he does not come, and set him up (??):
"khattiya", or "Brahman", or "Visha", or "Sudra ", or "at home", or "uncle", or
"god", or "person", or "form", or "formless", or "thinking", or "not thinking",
or "neither thinking nor not-thinking" He has no cause, no predestiny, and no
factor to fall into (walk to) the name." He does not come to the name as he goes
to extinction.

44. (Upasīva:) Has he reached extinction, or he does not exist, or is he a
    disease-free person?
I ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower
of this Dhamma.

"Has he reached extinction or he does not exist": "He has reached extinction or
does not exist, he has been annihilated, has been destroyed, has been
destroyed." It means he has reached annihilation or he does not exist.

"Still eternal as sick (is still the disease-free") (??): "It is still constant,
firm, eternal, and unchanging. It will continue as the same as constant." For
the disease-free.

"Muni, please explain this thoroughly for me": ""That", ...(omitted). "Muni",
...(omitted). "Explanation thoroughly", ...(omitted). I ask Muni to explain that
thoroughly for me.

"Because you are the knower of these Dhammas like this": "Because you are the
knower of these Dhammas like this, the measurer, the judge, the clarifier."
"Because you are the knower of these Dhammas like this.

45. [Blessed One: "Upasīva!"] For the one who has reach extinction, there is no
    measure, nothing can be said of his existence,
When all dhamma has been eradicated, all language paths are also eradicated.

"For those who have reached extinction, measure non-existence": "For those who
have reached extinction; for those who have no remnants of Nibbāna, the measure
of form does not exist, the measure of receiving does not exist, ...thinking
does not exist, ...action..., ...consciousness..., it does not exist is not
known, is not discovered, has been cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to
arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." To measure non-existence for those who
have reached extinction.

"[Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]": ...(omitted).

"What can be said about him does not exist for him": "What can be said about him
in terms of greed; ...what kind of hatred; ...foolishness; ...sloth; Seeing who
can speak of him; what can be said about him by what disbelief; ...by what
suspicion; ...by the latent tendency of troubles, become "infected", or
"disgusting", or "ignorant" ", or "being bound", or "clinging", or "coming to
the disorganized (??)", or "coming to the unsatisfactory", or "coming to the
fortitude"? Those deeds have been abandoned. What is the interesting aspect of
the state of being abandoned (??what??), he will tremble and become a
"hell-fallen", or a "beast-fallen person", or a "hungry ghost-landish person",
or a "human", or a "heaven", or a "formed", or "formless", or "thinking", or
"non-thinking", or "neither thinking nor non-thinking"? He has no cause, no
predestination, no factor to say so, to tell, talk, explain." What can be said
about him does not exist for him.

"When all Dhamma has been eradicated": "In all Dhamma, in all aggregates, in all
places, in all realms, in all places of interest, in all rebirth, in all
incarnations, in all existence, in all reincarnation, when the cycle has been
pulled out, when it has been eradicated, when it has been removed, when it has
been completely removed, when it has been disconnected, when it has calmed down,
when it has ceased, when it cannot arise, when it has been burned by the fire of
wisdom." It is the time when all laws have been eradicated.

"All language paths are also eradicated": "The language path is called the
pollution and the various aggregates and the various creations. For him, the
language, the language path, the name (adding words), the language, and the
peace, has been pulled out, has been eradicated, ...(omitted)." All language
ways are also eradicated.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
