### 16. Piṅgiya

89. [Venerable Piṅgiya like this:] I am old, feeble, and colorless, my eyes are
    not clear, my ears are uneasy,
Don't let me perish dully on the way, please explain the Dhamma, that I can know
Where there is the separation of birth and aging.

"I am aging, powerless, and colorless": "'I am aging", aging, old, reaching old
age, one-hundred-and-twenty-years since birth. "Feeble", the weak, the less
powerful, and the less strong. "The colorless", the colorless, without color,
and the color disappeared. Whatever was wonderful and beautiful before, that has
disappeared, and suffering has appeared." I am old, feeble, and colorless.

"[Like this Venerable Piṅgiya]": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"The eyes are unclear and the ears are uneasy": ""The eyes are impure, unclean,
unclear, so that I can't see forms with my eyes." Impure. "Ears are uneasy." The
ears are impure, unclean, unclear; in this way, I cannot hear sound with my
ears." The eyes are impure, the ears are uneasy.

"Don't let me perish dully on the way": "Don't let me perish", don't let me
perish, don't let me disappear, don't let me go away. Don't let me perish.
"Dully", ignorantly (avidvā), having entered ignorance, unwise, indiscriminate,
and inferior. "On the way", you will die on the way if you do not know your
Dhamma, see, path, or Path, after you have not obtained it, after you have not
possessed it, after you have not received it, and without testifying. " Do not
let me perish dully on the way.

"Please explain the Dhamma, so that I can know": """Dhamma", the beginning is
good, ...(omitted, see previous sections). Please explain, teach, ...(omitted).
"I can know," I can know know for sure, understand, prove, reach, and testify. "
Explain the method, so that I can know.

"The separation from birth and aging": "The renunciation of birth, aging, and
death, cessation, stopping, calming, immortality, and Nibbāna." The renunciation
of birth and aging.

90. [Blessed One: "Piṅgiya!"] After seeing those afflicted by forms, the
    unrestrained people "annoyed" by forms,
Therefore, Piṅgiya, become a person who does not let go (relax); abandon form in
    order to not have (future) existence.

"After seeing the person who is afflicted by form": "Form", the form created by
the four and the four. All sentient beings are beaten, killed, hurt, and annoyed
because of their physical causes  and physical conditions. When there is form,
various penalties are imposed: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with a
cane, cutting off hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears and nose,
punishing with sour porridge, shell-baldness, Rāhu mouth torture, fire torture,
candle hand torture, drive torture, bark torture, antelope torture, hook
torture, money torture, alkaline bath torture, torsion torture, straw foot
torture, hot oil, dog bites, the living order pierced and beheaded with a sword;
So sentient beings were beaten, killed, hurt, and annoyed by the physical cause
and physical condition. In this way, the person who was beaten, killed, injured,
and annoyed saw, measured, weighed, judged, separated, and clarified. " Seeing
it in the person who was annoyed by form.

"[Blessed One: "Binqiya!"]": ....

"Loose people are "annoyed" by form": ""They are annoyed", "They are annoyed,
persecuted, angry, and become sick and worried. Annoyed and angry by eye
diseases, annoyed, to become a patient, worried; ...by ear diseases...; being
ill...; by the contact of fly mosquitoes, winds, suns, and snakes, becoming sick
and worrying." Being "annoyed" in form.

Or, "They are irritated when the eye disappears, is lost, decayed, declined,
dissipated, departed, diminished, ... (omitted) they become patients, worriers;
...ear...; nose,, tongue, body, form, sound, smell, taste, touch, at home, in
the group (congregation), in the residence, in the gain, fame, praise, pleasure,
clothes, shelter, housing, when patients' needs and medical necessities
disappear..., and worrying. "This is also '"annoyed" in form'.

"People" are khattiya, brāhmaṇa, vessa, sudda, layman, monk, heaven, and
person. "Relaxed (Lose, see above)", it means that in the evil deeds of the
body, or in the evil deeds of speech, or in the evil deeds of the mind, or on
the five desires, it can be turned away, and the abandonment of the heart does
not arise. Or the state of no respect for the practice of the practice, the
state of impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the state of being stuck
in the habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting
responsibility, not practicing, not much practice, not establishing, not
practicing, let go. Anything like this state of letting go is called relaxation.
People who possess these eases. "People who want to relax are "annoyed" in form.

"Piṅgiya! Therefore, you become a person who does not let go": "Therefore",
therefore; the reason; the cause; the condition, when seeing such troubles in
the forms." Therefore. "He who does not let go" is a respectful author, a
regular author... (abbreviated) In the good Dhamma (the person who does not
neglect the responsibility and) the person who does not let go. "Piṅgiya! So you
become the one who does not let go.

"Form should be discarded in order to no longer have (future) form": "(Form),
the form created by the four elements. "Should be discarded", form should be
discarded, should be cut off, should be ended, should be made to no longer
exist. "In order to no longer exist." According to this, your form will be
destroyed here, and the reborn form will not arise; in the desire realm, or in
the physical realm, or in the non-material realm, or in desire, or in material
existence, or in formless existence, or in existence, or in desire to exist, or
in non-imaginary, or non-imaginative, or in one aggregate, or in four
aggregates, or in the five aggregates, or in the further interest, or in the
rebirth, or in the incarnation, or in the existence, or in the reincarnation, or
in the rotation, will not cause it to produce, not cause it to arise, or cause
the birth, right here, will be destroyed, will be calmed down, will go to
non-existence, will cease." It should be abandoned for the sake of 'no more'.

91. (Piṅgiya:) In the four directions, the four intermediate directions, the
    upper and lower, these ten directions,
There is nothing in the world you have not seen, heard or known;
Please explain the method that I can know, for separation from birth and aging
    here.

"Four directions, the middle directions of the four directions, the upper and
lower, ten directions": ten directions.

"There is nothing in the world you have not seen, heard, or known": there is
nothing you have not seen, heard or realized: your own interests, or the
interests of others, or both, or the interest of life, or the interest of the
future life, or the obvious interest, or the deep interest, or the hidden
interest, or the injustice interest, or the righteous interest, or the innocent
interest, or non-polluting interests, or pure interests, or the highest
interests; none of  which do not exist, are not known, and are not discovered. "
There is nothing in the world you have not seen, heard or known.

"Please explain the Dhamma that I can know": ""Dhamma", the beginning is
good.... Please explain .... "I can know," .... Explain the Dhamma I can know.

"The renunciation of birth and aging": "The renunciation of birth, aging, and
death, cessation, stopping, calming, immortality, and Nibbāna." The renunciation
of birth and aging.

92. [Blessed One: "Piṅgiya!"] Watching people who fall into thirst,
    tormented and afflicted by aging,
Therefore, Piṅgiya, become the one who does not let go: you should give up
    your thirst in order to no longer come to existence.

"Watch the people who fall into thirst": "The thirst of "thirst for love" ....
"Deep into thirst", fall into thirst; those who go with thirst, who follow
thirst, are followed by craving, taken down by craving, are overthrown,
conquered, and whose hearts are plundered by craving. "People" is synonymous
with beings. "Watching", watching, seeing, and observing." Watch people who are
falling into thirst.

"[Blessed One: "Piṅgiya!"]": ....

"Being tormented by aging and being born with heat (affliction)": ""With heat
(affliction)" by birth with heat, by aging with heat, by illness..., death...,
sorrow..., despair..., to fall into hell and tormented to live... (omitted), to
see loss... to be annoyed with heat, disaster, catastrophe, evil. "Being
tormented by aging" means being exposed, tortured, combined, possessed by aging,
followed by birth, followed by age, conquered by disease, struck by death, with
no shelter and no refuge, those who have no refuge." To be afflicted by aging.

"Piṅgiya! So you become the one who does not let go (uncomfortable)": "Therefore
.... "Those who do not let go" .... "Piṅgiya! So you become the one who does not
let go.

"We should give up thirst in order to no longer exist": "The thirst of "thirst
for love".... "Should give up thirst", should give up thirst, renounce thirst,
abandon thirst, drive away thirst, end thirst, and should make thirst go to
non-existence. "In order to no longer exist", .... "We should give up thirst to
no longer exist.

---

At the same time as the chanting ends, for those who have the same intention,
same endeavor, same intention, and same dwelling place as the Brahmins, the
distant dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any
collection of dhammas is an extinction." The Brahman's mind was freed from all
defilements without clinging. With the gain of the Dhamma vision, the sheepskin
clothes, knots, bark clothes, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair and
beards disappeared, becoming bald heads, robes and cloth clothes, overcoats,
bowls, and clothes; they clasp their hands together to respect the Blessed One,
and sit down: "Great Virtue! The Blessed One is my teacher, and I am a
disciple."

\newpage
