## Explanation of the Rhinoceros Sutta

\newpage

### First Chapter

(Translator's Note: I have chosen to use the term 'Rhinoceros' rather than
'Rhinoceros Horn'; there is some debate about this, but a decision had to be
made one way or the other. The message in the verses is the same either way.)

121. After putting down the rod against all living things,
Hurting none of them,
You shouldn't want a son, much less a companion;
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"After putting down the rod against all living things": "Everything", all
completely, completely in every aspect, without surplus, and the whole, this is
the word of ubiquity, which is "everything." "Students" are called the weak and
the strong. The "cowards" belong to those who tremble, their thirst, and those
who have not been cut off, as well as those who are terrified and afraid of not
being cut off. For what reason are they called the cowards? They tremble, fear,
terror, come to fear, and for this reason they are called cowards. "Strong ones"
belong to those who have been cut off from trembling and thirst, and those who
have been cut off from fear and terror. For what reason are they called the
strong? They do not tremble, fear, terror, or fear, and for this reason they are
called strong. "Sticks (rods)", there are three kinds of sticks: body sticks,
speech sticks, and mind sticks. There are three kinds of sticks for the body,
four kinds of sticks for evil acts and three kinds of sticks for evil
intentions. "After putting down the rod against all living things": After
putting down and putting the stick on all living things.

"Hurting none of them": "The life of each sentient being will not be injured by
clods, or sticks, or swords, or chains, or ropes. Do not use mud or sticks or
rods or swords or chains or ropes for all living beings." Hurt none of them.

"Should not want a son, much less other companions" "No" is negative. "Sons",
there are four kinds of sons: sons born to himself, sons born in the field,
adopted sons, and apprentices. "Companion", With whomever one has a happy
relationship, a happy coming, a happy communication, a happy standing, a happy
sitting, a happy lying, a happy talking, a happy conversation, a happy talk, a
happy interlocutor is called a companion. "You shouldn't want sons, much less
companions": "A son, you shouldn't want, accept, hope, or pray for;
acquaintances, you shouldn't ....; or a close person, or a companion." Not to
want a son, let alone companions.

"One should walk alone like a rhinoceros": ""Alone", the lonely enlightened
person is alone in the name of a monk, alone in the righteousness without a
partner, alone in the righteousness of the thirst for love, "Always free from
greed " is alone, "always divergence(??)" is alone, "always deprecated(??)" is
alone, "Always no pollution" is alone, "have passed the road without forks" is
alone, "have already realized the supreme self-consciousness" is alone.

How is that single enlightened person alone in the name of a monk? "After the
lonely enlightened person cut off all obstacles to home, after cutting off the
obstacles of children and wife, ...of relatives, ...of friends, of storage,
shaves off his hair, after being wrapped in robes, he went from being a monk at
home to a non-house life, and after entering a state of nothingness, he walked,
lived, moved, turned, guarded, and survived. "This is the single enlightened
person who is alone in the name of a monk.

How is the single enlightened person who is alone without a partner? "When he
was such a monk, he was alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings
(sitting places): quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for
sitting alone; he would walk alone, stand alone, sit alone, lie alone, enter the
village alone for alms, go forward alone, return alone, sit alone in a quiet
place, perform alone, walk alone, live, move, turn, guard, and survive alone."In
this way, the single enlightened person is alone with no partner.

How is the single enlightened person in the  thirst for love and righteousness
is alone? He is so alone and without a partner, he should live in reluctance,
zeal, self-effort, great diligence, and diligence, after destroying the demon
accompanied by the army, the evil demon, the relatives of the liberated, the
net, the strong mobile, abandoning the entangled thirsty love, driving away,
making to end, making it go to non-existence.

"People who have thirsty love as their partner, reincarnate for a long time,
become such a state, other states, do not go beyond reincarnation.
Knowing this kind of trouble: craving is the origin of suffering,
Departing from thirsty love, no taking, bhikkhus should march conscientiously.
"[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746]

This is the one who is alone with the desire for love and righteousness.

How can the one who is alone in enlightenment consider "always free from greed"
as alone? "Take one of the states of greed to renounce greed" as being alone,
"to renounce greed in one of the states is aloneness, one of the states of
renunciation of ignorance is to be alone, and one of the state of renunciation
of ignorance is to be alone. In this way, the single enlightened person is alone
with "always free from greed.

How is that single enlightened person "has crossed the road without fork" as
alone? The path without a fork is called the four mindfulnesses, the four
righteousnesses, the four divine bases, the five senses, the five powers, the
seven enlightenment factors, and the eight sacred paths.

"The one who sees the death of life, the one who has mercy,
    knows the way without forks,
Used this way to cross the storm in the past, and they will be and present (??)."
[SN.47.18]

This is the single enlightened person who "has crossed the road without forks"
as alone.

How is that single-enlightened person "has been enlightened alone, the supreme
independent enlightenment" as alone? Enlightenment is called wisdom, root of
wisdom, power of wisdom, investigation, vipassanā, and right view on the four
realms. The one who is enlightened independently by the way, enlightened by the
Path, and enlightened with the wisdom, alone, feels that "all actions are
impermanent"; that "all actions are suffering"; that "all dhammas are selfless";
that "knowledge is dependent on deeds"; that "knowledge is dependent for name
and form"; that "touch is based on six sense bases"; that "feeling is based on
touch"; "feeling is a dependency for thirst for love"; "thirst and love ...for
grasping"; "grasping ...for existence"; " existence (becoming) ...for birth,";
"birth ...for old age an death"; felt "the extinguishment of ignorance"..., of
formation, ...of consciousness, ...of name and form..., (omitted); felt "this is
suffering"; ..."this is the collection of suffering"; "this is the extinguishing
of suffering", this is the path leading to suffering, "these are troubles",
"this is the collection of troubles", "this is the path leading to troubles",
"these dhammas should be known", "these dhammas should be cut off", "these
dhammas should be testified to", "these dhammas should be practiced"; felt the
gathering, destruction, pleasure, trouble, and renunciation of the six touches;
the gathering of the abundance...; the perception of the gathering, the
extinction, the pleasure, the trouble, and the renunciation.

Or, where (any) should be felt, should be conscious, should be awakened, should
be enlightened, should be proven, should be touched, should be testified,
everything is subject to that alone, Awareness,  awakening, enlightenment,
attainment, touch, and testimony. In this way, the one who has been enlightened
alone is alone.

"Should do", there are eight types of behaviors: behaviors (prestige road)
behaviors, conduct behaviors, mindful behaviors, fixed behaviors, wisdom
behaviors, Path, reach, and world benefits. "Behavior and behavior" are about
the four behaviors, "Walking" is about the six inner and outer regions,
"Mindfulness" is about the four mindfulnesses, "Damage (set??)" is about the
four kinds of jhāna, and "Wisdom" is about the four noble truths. "The Path"
refers to the Four Noble Ways, "Arrival Action" refers to the Four Samaṇas, and
"World Benefits" refers to the Tathāgata, Arahants, Enlightened Ones, some
Enlightened Ones, and Some Sentences (??) (disciples). The act of conduct
(behavior) belong to those who have sufficient vows (ambitions), behavior (act)
belongs to those who guard the roots, mindfulness and behavior belong to those
who do not let go, fixed behavior belongs to those who strive to increase the
mind, and wisdom and behavior belong to those who have enough. For those who do,
the Path belongs to the righteous person, the attainment action belongs to the
attained person, and the world-benefit actions belong to the Tathāgata, the
Arahant, the Enlightened One, and the disciples of the Enlightened One. These
are eight types of actions.

The next eight types of behavior: the victorious (who overcome the problems)
will act with faith, those who strive with vitality will act with their
vitality, those who make it appear will act with thoughts, those who establish
(do) do not distract will act with determination, those who know will act with
wisdom, the one who knows to walk with the act of knowledge, "In this way, the
one who walks in the way makes all the good dhamma survive. "Walking in order to
walk, "in this way those who walk the way reach excellence. "To walk with
excellence, these are eight kinds of behaviors.

The next eight types of behavior: the seeing behavior of the righteous person,
the (heart)-oriented behavior of the righteous person, the taking and receiving
behavior of the righteous person, the innocent behavior of the righteous person,
the hard working behavior of the righteous person, the present action of the
mindful person, the non-scattering action of the right minded person [Ps.1,12],
these are eight kinds of action.

"Like a rhinoceros", the rhinoceros is truly unique. In the same way, the one
who is enlightened alone is like that one, equivalent to that one, and
contrasting to that one. "If it is too salty, it is called salty, if it is too
bitter, it is called bitterness, if it is too sweet, it is called like honey, if
it is too hot, it is called like fire, and if it is too cold, it is called like
ice. Known as Ruhai (??), the disciples who reach the great supernatural power
are called as a master. "Similarly, the single enlightened person is there like
that one, equal to that, contrasted to that, alone without partner (no duality),
free from bondage, and he walks, lives, and acts correctly in the world, guards,
makes survival." One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

122. From connections formed arises love (affection),
And from love arises suffering,
Watching the trouble arising from affection,
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"The connection that arises generates love": "connection", there are two kinds
of connection: the connection of seeing and the connection of hearing. What is
the connection of seeing? Here, a certain type of people see the upright,
beautiful, and beloved women and girls with the most beautiful face like a
lotus. After seeing them, they mentally arise the: "Hair, or a beautiful face,
or good eyes, or good ears, ...nose, lips, teeth, mouth, neck, breasts, chest,
abdomen, waist, thigh, calf, palm, sole, finger, nail, etc., all beautiful and
good." After seeing, rejoicing after seeing, welcome, hope, make follow birth,
follow the bondage of greed, this is the connection of seeing.

What is a link to hear? Here, a certain type of people heard: "In a village or
town with a name like that, there are women or girls who are upright, beautiful,
and beloved, with the most beautiful face like a lotus." After hearing it, they
were happy, welcome, and hopeful, make follow birth, follow the bondage of
greed, this is the connection of hearing.

"Love", there are two kinds of love: the love of thirsting and the love of
seeing. What is love of love? All are called boundaries, realms, scopes,
borders, grasped, and regarded as one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so many
are mine, this area is mine; (my) form, sound, smell, taste, touch, things
spread on the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens
and pigs, elephants, cows and horses, mules, fields, homesteads, gold, gold
coins, villages, towns, capitals, places, treasuries, warehouses, all the land,
because they are thirsty and regard them as their own, all 108 thirsty trends
[AN.4.199] This is the love of love.

What is the love of seeing? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil views,
ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle views, desert views,
distorted views, shaken views, clinging, acceptance, holding, clinging to the
bound view, the place where the evil way, the evil nature, the outside way
depend, the clasping of the inversion (vipariyesa), the clinging of the
inversion (viparīta), the inversion (vipallāsa), the grip of evil, the grip of
"(seeing) the real in the unreal", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil
views, this is the love of seeing.

"From the connection arises love": "The love that craves and the love that sees
is generated, arises, born, is produced, and appears with the connection of
seeing and the connection of hearing." From the connection arises love.

"The suffering of love arises": ""Love", there are two kinds of love....
"Suffering arises." Here, a certain type of person practices evil deeds of the
body, evil deeds in word, and evil deeds in intention. He kills, takes without
giving, invades others, takes prey (loots), blocks roads, robs, and abducts
wives. Saying vainly, after he was captured, they went to see the king: "Your
Majesty! This is a thief, a criminal, let you punish this (with a) sentence."
The king rebuked him, and he took blame for it, causing terror to arise, he,
feeling suffering, sorrow, where does this horror, suffering, and sorrow arise?
It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.

The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imprisoned him with
handcuffs, or with ropes, or with fetters, or with vines, or with kudzu vines,
or by throwing into chains, or by fences, or by binding to the village, town,
city, country, or to the place, and it is even declared: "You must not walk away
from here. "He also feels suffering and sorrow by the bondage, where does this
horror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed,
joy and greed.

The king is not satisfied with this situation. The king will transport his
property from him: hundreds or thousands or one hundred thousand (money). He
also feels suffering and sorrow due to the loss of property....

The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imposed various
penalties on him: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with a cane, cutting
off hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears and nose, and imposing sour
porridge pot punishment, shell-bald punishment, Rāhu's mouth punishment, fire
torture, candle hand punishment, exorcism, bark clothing punishment, antelope
punishment, hook flesh punishment, money punishment, alkaline bath punishment,
twisted door lock punishment, straw foot pedal punishment, drenching with hot
oil, making the dog bite, making a piercing while alive, beheading with a sword;
he also feels suffering and sorrow due to punishment.... The king is the master
of these four types of staff (rod punishment).

With his own work and the disintegration of his body, he was reborn in the world
of suffering, evil, lower world, and hell after death. The jailers imposed five
types of punishment on him: they made the red hot iron rod pass through the
(first) palm, and they made the red hot iron rod pass through the (second) palm.
After the second palm, they passed the red hot iron rod through the (first) sole
of the foot, they passed the red hot iron rod through the second sole of the
foot, and they passed the red hot iron rod through the chest in the middle. He
felt bitter, fierce, violent, [MN.129], pungent feelings there, and he would
not die until the evil kamma was eliminated. Where did this terror, suffering,
and sorrow arise? ....

After the jailers lay him down, they cut him with an axe... (omitted) after the
jailers grabbed under their feet, they cut him with a small axe... the jailers
yoke him on the cart and set him on fire, so he was ignited in a burning,
glorious fire, (the burned, radiant ground to and fro??)... the jailers made him
climb up and down the burned, shining charcoal volcano... after the jailers
caught him up and down, they threw them into the hot, blazing, burning, reddish
copper pot, he was boiled with foam there, and when he was boiled with foam
there, he walked up suddenly (at a time??), and walking horizontally at once
(??). He felt bitter....

"There are four doors in the four corners, divided into equal parts,
Surrounded by iron walls, and the top is covered by iron.
The earth is made of iron, and it is burned to light by the fire,
All a hundred yoshin (??), all over everything survived.
Miserably burning is terrible, there is a flame that's hard to get close to
The appearance of (??) with upright hair is a horror of suffering.
From the east wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
was burning with evil kamma and was counterattacked in the west.
again from the west wall, fire gathering was waiting,
burned with evil kamma and was counterattacked in the east.
again from the north wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
was burning with evil kamma and was counterattacked in the south.
again from the south wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
burned with evil kamma, and was counterattacked in the north.
And from below again, the terrifying fire gathered,
Burning evil kamma, was counterattacked on the roof
From the roof waiting, the terrifying fire gathers,
burned with evil kamma and was counterattacked on the ground.
The blazing iron pot, the red heat is like being burned,
This infinite hell belongs to (both) seen from below (??).
where all beings are violent, the authors of great crimes,
are (with??) extremely evil kamma, they are tortured and immortal.
The body is equivalent to fire: belonging to the dweller of that hell,
The seer of solid kamma, (Charcoal Fire) has no ashes or charcoal.
They ran to the east and from there to the west,
They ran to the north and from there to the south.
Everywhere they ran out, the doors were closed,
They have a desire to go out, and sentient beings are seekers of escape.
They don't go out of there, they get it by kamma,
For those (with) bad kamma, much is not yet ripe for what has been done."

Where did this terror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love,
happiness, greed, joy and greed.

Again, all the suffering of hell, the suffering of the animal world, the
suffering of the hungry ghost world, the suffering of mortals, where those are
arising, where are they produced, where did it happen, where was born, where did
it appear, be arisen? It is produced, arises, is born, is generated, arises with
his love as a condition, happiness as condition, greed as condition, joy and
greed as condition. "Suffering arises from the love from companionship.

"Watching the troubles of love": "Love", .... "Watching the troubles of love":
"The troubles of the love of love and the love of seeing, he watched, saw,
meditated on, and observed." Watching the troubles of love, one should walk
alone like a rhinoceros.

123. Those who pity friends and confidantes,
With the heart bound (attached), lose their own interests,
Watching this danger in intimate interaction,
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Pity for friends and confidantes will cause you to lose your own interests and
be constrained": ""Friends", there are two kinds of friends: friends at home and
friends from home (_away_ from home; monastics). What is a friend at home? Here,
a certain category of people give what is hard to give, charity, do what is hard
to do, forgive (tolerate) what is hard to forgive, he tells (you his) secret,
keeps (your) secret, and never forsakes you in disasters, he is the one who
would give his life for (you) [DN.31], he does not contempt when (you) are
exhausted, this is a friend at home.

What is a friend from home (monk)? Here, the bhikkhu is a lovable, agreeable,
respectable, admirable, interpreter, tolerant of other people's words, and an
esoteric talker (leader). He does not encourage [AN.7.37] and persuade on
non-increasing precepts. He persuades him in the four-mindfulness practice
effort, in...(omitted) the eight sacred paths of practice, this is a 'friend
from home (monk').

Those with whom one is happy to go, happy to come (, happy to come and go),
happy to stand, happy to sit, happy lying, happy talking, happy conversation,
happy talk, happy interlocutors are called confidant. "Pity a friend, a
confidant, lose in your own interest." "A friend, a confidant, an acquaintance,
a close person, a companion, a considerer, a sorrower, abandoning his interests,
the interests of others, and the interests of both, also abandoning the
interests of the present life and the interests of the next life also causes the
highest interests to retreat, forcefully retreat, lose, avoid, and eliminate
those who have pity for friends and confidants, he makes the interests retreat.

"The heart is bound", the heart is bound in two ways: make oneself stand in
lowliness, make others stand in nobility while the heart is restrained; or make
others stand in lowliness, make oneself stand in nobleness and the heart is
restrained. How to make yourself humble and make others stand up noble and
flatter others? (Thinking:) "You are very helpful to me, I rely on you to get
clothes, food, shelter, the needs of patients, medical necessities, and anyone
who gives or wants to do they think I am dependent on you, those who are
regarded as you, all my previous names from my parents have disappeared to me,
because you are known as those who frequent (someone)'s home like that; those
who often visit (someone)'s home. "This is to make oneself humble, to make
others stand noble, and their hearts are bound.

How to make others humble, make oneself stand noble and be restrained?
(Thinking:) "I am a good person to you. Because of me, you turn to the Buddha,
to the Dhamma, and to the Saṅgha, become (as) those who are free from killing,
those who have not given and take, those who have not given, and those who are
free from lying, and those who (do not) drink wine, fruit wine, and wine, I will
give you instructions, give me a lot of questions, ask about busa (??), and
build temples. However, after you abandon me, respect, respect, and respect
other people (??). "This is to make others humble, and make oneself stand noble,
and the heart is bound. "For those who pity for friends and confidants, their
interests are lost and the heart is bound.

"Watching the horror in intimate communication (interaction)": "horror", the
horror of life, the horror of old age, ...sickness, ...death, kings, thieves,
fire, water, self-reprimand, horror, others, sticks, waves, the dragon,
whirlpool, crocodile [AN.4.122], livelihood, of dishonor, timidity, intoxicating
horror (of intoxicants??), evil interest in the group is the horror of horrible
stiffness, erect body hair, and fear of heart worry. "In intimate communication
(interaction)", There are two kinds of intimate communication: Of love and of
seeing.... "Watching this horror in intimate communication": "This horror in
intimate communication is watched, seen, and observed." In order to watch the
horror in intimate communication, one should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

124. Like a huge bamboo (tree) becomes entangled together,
Is one who has care for his children and wives,
Like a bamboo shoot that is not stuck,
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Like a huge bamboo being entangled together": "Bamboo is called a bamboo bush.
In the bamboo bush, old bamboo is stuck, entangled, attached, fixed, and
obstructed. The same is true. Entangled together is called craving, it is greed,
greed (complete greed), follow greed, conformity, joy, greed, the heart's greed,
want, fascination, taking, staining, sludge, disturbance, deceit,
(reincarnation) root cause, (bitter) fertility, tailoring (craving), net, river,
bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companion, wish, the channel of desire,
love, love forest (jungle), intimate communication (santhavo??), love,
expectation, relationship, desire, state of state, desire for form, desire for
sound, desire for smell, desire for taste, desire for touch, the desire to
obtain, the desire of man (desire of wealth-dhanāsā/Ni.2,8), the desire for
sons, the desire to survive, passion, hope, prayer, greed, the appearance of
greed, the state of greed, inquiries (for profits), wing for good (??), illegal
greed, improper greed, hope, envy, complete hope, desire for desire, some desire
for desire, desire for nothingness love (??), craving for form, craving for
formless(??), craving for death, craving for form, craving for sound, craving
for smell, craving for taste, craving for touch, craving for Dhamma, the
torrent, yoke (binding), binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, kilesas
(impurities), latent tendency of troubles, entanglement, vines, miserly, the
root of suffering, the occurrence of suffering, the devil's catching net, the
hook of the devil, the food of the devil, the realm of the devil, the dwelling
place of the devil, the bondage of the devil, the river of thirst, the net of
thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst, the root of craving, greed, and
unwholesomeness.

"Love (being entangled)", what does it mean to love? The "spread" is love; the
"vast" is love; the "wide" is love; the "incorrect" is love; "it compels" is
love; "it seizes" is love; "fraud" is for love; "poisonous root" is love;
"poisonous fruit" is for love; "poisoned by use" is for love; or, "(that) vast
thirst: in form... in sound... smell, taste, touch, at home, on the masses,
residence, profit, ...(omitted)..., in the realm of desire, form, the
non-material realm, ...in the desire to have..., physical existence...,
formless..., thinking..., non-thinking.., in the non-imaginative
non-non-imaginative existence.., the one aggregate existence, the four
aggregates, five aggregates, past, future, present, ...enlarged attachments to
the dhammas that can be seen, heard, felt, and can be known" Love. "It's like
huge bamboos are entangled together.

"Anyone who is concerned with children and wives": "Children (son)", there are
four kinds of sons: .... The wife is called the one who should be supported.
Attention is called craving, which is greed, ...." Those who follow on children
and wives.

"Like a bamboo shoot that is not stuck": "Bamboo is called a bamboo bush. For
example, the young top buds (shoots) in the bamboo bush are not stuck, attached,
tied, or obstructed, and they have gone out and are not obstructed, leaving,
having become free. In the same way... "Being stuck (attachment)", there are two
kinds of adhesion: ...; ...not to be stuck, not caught, not captured, not bound
by the world, not tied, separated, left, liberated, detached, not attached to,
not caught, not bound, leaving bondage, he lives with a restrained hear. "Like a
bamboo shoot that is not stuck, so one should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

125. As an unbound deer walks in the forest,
Walks to the desired pasture,
A wise person, watching (his) freedom,
Should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"A deer that is not tied is in the woods, walking to the desired pasture":
""Deer", there are two kinds of deer: the deer and the spotted deer. For
example, the deer living in the woods is walking in the woods and forests. Walk
at ease, stand at ease, sit at ease, and lie down at ease.

This was said by the Blessed One [MN.25]: Bhikkhus! Just like a deer living in
the woods, when walking in the woods and forests, walk with peace of mind,
stand, sit, and lie with peace of mind. What is the reason? Bhikkhus! That is an
area inaccessible to brutal men.

Similarly, monks! Here, the bhikkhus live in the first jhāna of seeking and
waiting after entering from renunciation from desire and unwholesome dhamma, and
happiness and joy after detachment, monks! This is called the monk making the
demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, (??Po Xun?? written as 'king of
death' in earlier sections, but may need to fix!) enters a state of invisible
and footless.

Besides, monks! Bhikkhus calm down with seeking and serving, confident, and
one-minded. After entering, they live in the second jhāna of no seeking or
serving, and concentration produces joy and happiness, monks! This is called the
monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a
state of invisible and footless.

Besides, monks! The bhikkhu fades away with joy and lives in peace, has
mindfulness, right knowledge, and feels happiness with the body. After entering,
he lives in the third jhāna of this holy disciple proclaiming: "He is a calm,
mindful, and happy one," Bhikkhus! This is called the monk making the demon
blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and
footless.

Besides, monks! After entering the fourth jhāna, the bhikkhus live in the fourth
jhāna that is not painful or unhappy, after entering the fourth jhāna, monks!
This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes,
Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.

Besides, monks! Bhikkhus transcend all lusts and thoughts, with the extinction
of opposing thoughts, without thinking about all kinds of thoughts, (and know):
"Void is boundless", after entering, live in the boundless void, monks! This is
called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun
enters a state of invisible and footless.

Besides, monks! After Bhikkhu transcends all emptiness and boundlessness (and
knowledge): "Consciousness is boundless", after entering, live in the
boundlessness of consciousness... (omitted).

Besides, monks! (A Bhikkhu,) After surpassing all the boundless places of
consciousness (and knowing): "There is nothing", after entering, live in
nowhere....

Besides, monks! (A Bhikkhu,) After surpassing everything that has no possessions,
after entering, he will live in a place where he wants to be....

Besides, monks! (A Bhikkhu,) After surpassing all non-thinking things, after
entering, staying in wanting to be destroyed, after seeing with wisdom, all his
troubles are destroyed, monks! This is called the Bhikkhu blinding the demon.
After killing the demon's eyes, Bo Xun enters a state of invisible and
helplessness, letting go of his attachment to the world. He walks with peace of
mind, stands with peace of mind, sits with peace of mind, and lies with peace of
mind. What is the reason? Bhikkhu is an unreachable area for Bo Xun. "Being like
an unfettered deer walking to the desired pasture in the woods.

"Wise people watch freedom": "Wise people" are wise people, enlightened people,
distinguished people, and wise people. "Humans" are sentient beings, human
beings, student Brahmins, humans, individuals, beings, those born to being born,
sentient beings, those born to Indra, and Manu. "Free", there are two kinds of
freedom: free Dhamma and free man. What is free Dhamma? Four mindfulnesses, four
righteousnesses.... This is the Dhamma of freedom. What is a free man? Anyone
who possesses these freedoms is called a free man. "The wise people watch
freedom": "The wise people watch, see, and observe the freedom of Dhamma." The
wise people watch freedom, and walk alone like a rhinoceros.

126. One is addressed among companions
At home, standing, walking, or traveling,
Watching for the freedom that is not desired,
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"He is a negotiator among his companions: when staying at home, standing,
walking, traveling": wherever he is happy, (with whom he is) happy to come,
happy to go with, happy to stand, happy to sit, happy to sleep, happy for good
talk, pleasant talk, and pleasant conversation are called companions. "He is a
negotiator among his companions: when staying at home, standing, walking, and
traveling": "When staying at home, standing, walking, and traveling among his
companions, he considers his own interests, the interests of others, and both
interests, consider the interests of the current life, the interests of the
afterlife, and the interests of both." He is a negotiator among his companions:
when living at home, standing, walking, and traveling.

"Watching the freedom not to be desired": For the fool, the unkind, the
outsider, and the outsider disciples (??), this is undesirable, that is: to be
bald, robed and clothed; For the support Buddha (independent person), this is
what is desired, that is, becoming bald and cassock clothed. "Free" has two
kinds of freedom: .... "Watching the freedom not to be desired": "Watch, see,
meditate, and observe the freedom of the Dhamma." To watch the freedom not to be
desired, one should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

127. There is entertainment and joy among companions,
And great love for sons.
Hating the parting with the dear,
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"There is entertainment and joy among companions": "Entertainment", there are
two kinds of entertainment: physical entertainment and verbal entertainment.
What is physical entertainment? They played with elephants, horses, carts, bows,
swords and other weapons, octagonal chess, ten-eye chess, aerial chess, and
hopscotch, also play with stone jigsaw, also with dice board, also with wooden
stick, also with hand, also with dice, also with leaf flute, also with toy hoe,
also with somersault, also with toy windmills, you can also play with toy
measuring instruments, cart games, toy bows and arrows, guessing words, guessing
ideas, and imitating flaws [DN.1, paragraph 14], This is physical entertainment.

What is verbal entertainment? The sound of playing a drum with a mouth, the
sound of a drum being smeared with the mouth, the sound of the felling drum by
the mouth, the sound of a bend of the lips, the playing of a drum with the
mouth, the mouth (imitating) the hollow sound of drums, loud cheers, commotion
at dancers, singing, and joking are verbal entertainment.

"Joy", which is synonymous with being satisfied, is "joy". Those with whom one
is happy to go, come, stand, sit, lie down, talk, and converse, are called
companions. "There is entertainment and joy in companions." There is
entertainment and joy among companions.

"And there is vast love in sons": "Sons", .... "There is too much love of the
son". There is a vast love in the son.

"Disliking separation from the dear": There are two kinds of dear (lovely):
sentient beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here, they are the mother or
father who wants to be beneficial to him, who wants to be useful, and who wants
to get away from the yoke. Relatives, or brothers, or sisters, or sons, or
daughters, or friends, or colleagues, or relatives, or people of blood, these
are lovely beings.

What are the dear lines (deeds)? Desirable forms, desirable sounds, ...smells,
flavors, touches, these are lovely behaviors. "Disliking parting from the
dear":" "Hating, disgusted, and ashamed of the parting from the dear." Disliking
the parting, one should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

128. Becoming a person who does not reject the four directions,
Who is satisfied with everything,
Those who are tolerant of danger and those who are not scared,
Should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Those who do not reject the four directions": "The four directions", the single
enlightened person fills one side with a heart of compassion and lives, like
this second party, like this third party, like this fourth party, like this up
and down, horizontally, everywhere, to everything as to yourself, with a heart
of compassion, with a heart of vastness, excellence, immeasurable, no
resentment, and no malice, fill all the world and live afterwards. Walk with
sorrow...(omitted,) walk with joy..., walk with peace and live on one side, ....
"The four directions, not to reject those": In the state of being practised in
compassion, all beings in the East will not disobey, those in the South will not
disobey, and those in the West will not disobey; all beings in the north are not
against them, all beings in the middle of the east are not against them, and all
beings in the middle of the south are not against them, and all beings in the
middle of the west are not against them; all beings in the middle of the north
are not against them, all beings below are not against them, all beings above
are not against them, all beings in all directions are not against them. It is
not against; in a state of sadness that has been practiced... in a state of joy
that has been practiced... in a state that has been practiced calmly, all beings
in the East are not against them... (omitted) in all directions are not against
them." To not reject the four directions.

"The one who is satisfied with everything": "The Enlightened One is the one who
is satisfied with whatever clothes, and praises the satisfaction with whatever
clothes. He does not come to inappropriate evil because of clothes. Please,
don't tremble if you don't get clothes, don't be tied (attached) if you get the
clothes, don't be infatuated, innocent, seeing the troubled land, using with
wisdom [SN.16.1], and he does not use this, no matter what kind of clothes are
satisfied, not praising oneself, and not despising others. Those who are
skilled, not lazy, righteous, and mindful are called the single enlightened
person who lives in the highest caste of the past [DN. 33/AN.4.28].

It is a person who is satisfied with whatever food ...(omitted), no matter the
place of residence..., no matter the patient's needs and medical necessities...,
"Those who are satisfied with everything.

"Those who are tolerant of danger (distress) and not frightened": ""Danger",
there are two types of distress: obvious distress and secret distress. What are
the obvious dangers? Lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves, bison,
elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, or thieves or gangsters who do bad
things or are ready to do bad things, eye diseases, ear diseases, nose diseases,
tongue diseases, body diseases, head diseases, external ear disease, mouth
disease, dental disease, cough, wheezing, external nose disease, fever, old age,
abdominal disease, coma, diarrhea, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor,
ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, scabies, rheumatoid ringworm, scratches (a
type of hysteria), dry and cracked skin, blood biliary disease, diabetes,
hemorrhoids, rashes (boils), hemorrhoids (ulcers), diseases caused by
gallbladder, diseases caused by phlegm, diseases caused by wind, etc., (three)
diseases caused by a combination of seasons, diseases caused by incorrect
postures, sudden attack diseases, diseases born from the fruit of kamma, such as
cold, heat, hunger, thirst, feces, urine, contact with fly mosquitoes, sun
snakes, etc., are called obvious dangers.

What are the hidden dangers? Evil body (deeds), evil speech, evil intent, desire
cover, malice cover, sleepy cover, demotion and regret cover, doubt cover,
greed, aversion, ignorance, anger, resentment, hiding evil, domineering,
jealousy, stinginess, deceit, cunning, stubbornness, passion, conceit,
arrogance, relaxation, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all anxiety,
all enthusiasm, all unwholesome deeds, these are called hidden secret danger.

"Danger (distress, crisis, peril)", what is the meaning of danger? "Conquer all
over" is a crisis; "guide to retreat" is a crisis; "live there" is a crisis. How
is "conquering all over" peril? Those distresses who conquer, defeat,
overwhelm, end, and crush that person are "conquer all over" as distress.

How is "guided retreat (leading to loss)" a danger? Those obstacles and retreats
that lead to good dhamma in crisis, which good dhamma? The right way, the
following way, the (not??) inverted way, the way of non-contradiction, the way
as it means, the way of the Dhamma, the precepts are complete, guarding the
roots, knowing the right amount of food, specializing in sobriety, Mindfulness
and Right Knowledge, Four Mindfulnesses...(omitted), the obstacles that lead to
the loss these good dhamma, this is "guided retreat" as a crisis.

How is "inhabiting there" danger? There, these evil and unwholesome dhammas
arose to be restrained by individuals (to restrain individuals??), such as
burrowing animals lying in caves; aquatic animals lying in water; forest animals
lying in the forest; arboreal animals lying in trees. In the same way, these
evil and unwholesome dhammas give rise to mutual dependence. This is the danger
of "living there".

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.35.151]: "Monks! Bhikkhus with apprentices
and masters live in misery and restlessness. But, monks! How is it that monks
with disciples and masters live in distress and restlessness?

Bhikkhus! Here, after seeing the color with his eyes, the bhikkhu has the
memories and intentions of those evil and unwholesome Dhamma that follow the
knot. "They live in him; evil and unwholesome dhammas live and enter (occupy)."
Therefore, he is called "having disciples." "They conquer him; evil and
unwholesome dhammas conquer him." Therefore, he is called "the master."

Besides, monks! After the monk hears the sound with his ears...(omitted), after
smelling the smell with his nose..., after tasting the taste with his tongue...,
touching the touch with his body..., after knowing the Dhamma with
consciousness, he arises Yu Jie's (??) memories and intentions of evil and
unwholesome Dhamma. "They live in him; evil and unwholesome dhammas live and
enter.... Bhikkhus! In this way, monks with disciples and masters live in misery
and restlessness. "This is also the danger of "living there".

This was said by the Blessed One [It.88]: "Monks! There are these three types of
internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and
internal grievances. Bhikkhus! Greed is internal grime, internal non-friends,
...; Monks! Sorrow...; Monks! Infatuation.... Bhikkhus! These are the three
types of internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal
killers, and internal grievances. "

"Greed is the cause of no benefit, and greed is the one which shakes the heart,
Horror arises from it, and people don't realize (understand) it.
The greedy person does not know the benefits, the greedy person cannot see the Dhamma,
At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can conquer with greed.
Anger is the cause of no benefit, anger is the one that shakes the heart,
horror arises from it, and people don't realize it.
The angry do not know the benefits, the angry cannot see the Dhamma,
At that time he was a blind dark one: a man who can (be??) conquer(ed).
Foolishness is the cause of no benefit, foolishness is the one that shakes the heart,
horror arises from it, and people don't realize it.
Fools don't know the benefits, fools can't see the Dhamma,
At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can be conquered."
Like this it is the danger of "living there".

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.3.2]: "King! When the three dhammas within
a man arise, disadvantage, suffering, and restlessness arise. Which three are
there? King! When the greed within the man himself arises, disadvantages,
sufferings, and restlessness arise; lord! When the aggression within the man
himself arises.... King! When the foolishness within the man arises, ...."

"Greed, aversion, foolishness, disgusting (malevolent??) man,
hurt oneself, like many fruits (damage) a tree's heart. "
This is also "inhabiting there" in danger.

This was said by the Blessed One: [SN.10.3]
"From here come greed and anger, unhappiness, happiness, and horror (lit. body
    hair standing up);
From here is where intention arises, like a little boy letting a crow go."
This is also "inhabiting there" in danger.

"Those who endure the dangers", "the ones who endure in danger, the winners, the
overwhelming, the terminator, the renegade. "Those who are tolerant of danger.
"The one who is not frightened", the one who is only enlightened is the one who
is not timid, not frightened, not afeared, and does not run away. He dwells in
having given up fear of fear and has stood up from his body. For those who are
tolerant of danger and not frightened, they should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

129. Even some monks are difficult to take care of,
So too with lay (family) members who live at home,
After becoming someone who doesn't care about other people's sons,
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"There are even some monks, for whom it is difficult to take care": "Here, even
if there is a type of monks, although they should be given refuge, although they
are given instructions, they are given many questions, although they are given
clothes, ....the bowl, ...a copper bowl, a water filter, a water filter pouch, a
bag, a shoe, belt, they would not listen, don't turn their hearts or ears to
know, don't know, those who are disloyal, disobedient, and opposing behaviors,
don't turn your face to others [Ni.2]." Because even some monks are difficult to
get along with.

"There are also resident families who live at home": "Here, even if there is a
type of resident who should be given elephants... (omitted); although they are
given carts, fields, homes, gold, and gold coins, they are given villages...,
towns, cities, royal capitals..., although they are given places, they don't
listen, don't listen to them, don't turn their hearts or ears to know. If they
are disloyal, disobedient, or opposing behavior, don't turn their faces to the
others. (??)" There are still lay members living at home.

"After becoming someone who does not care about the sons of others": "In all
this sense except for himself, for the sons of others. After becoming
indifferent to the sons of those other people, after becoming a less busy
person, becoming a non-concerning person, after that." In order to become
someone who doesn't care about other people's sons, one should walk alone like a
rhinoceros.

130. After abandoning the mark of the family (lay life),
As the kovilạ̄ra tree whose leaves have been shed,
After the hero cuts off the bondage of his family,
He should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"After abandoning the mark of the family": hair, beard, wreath, spices, balm,
ornaments, accessories, clothes, coverings, headband, massage, rubbing, bathing,
mirror, eye ointment, garland perfume balm, face powder, face cream, bracelet,
ribbon hair accessory, rod, barrel, sword, umbrella, colorful shoes, bun, orb,
whisk, long and short white clothes, etc., are called laymen's marks. "After
abandoning the mark of the family member": "After the family member's mark is
abandoned, after completely abandoning, after being put down, after stopping."
After abandoning the mark of the family member.

"Like an kovilạ̄ra tree whose leaves have been shed": "If the leaves of an
kovilạ̄ra tree have been cut, cut off, fallen, dropped, similarly, the mark of
the layman of the single enlightened person has been cut, cut off, fallen down."
It is like an kovilạ̄ra tree with its leaves cut off.

"After the hero cuts off the bondage of his family": "Hero", "Energetic" is a
hero; "Able" is a hero; "Sufficient" is a hero; "Ample" is a hero; "Brave" is a
hero; "Heroic" is a hero; "one who is not afraid" is a hero; "no terror" is a
hero; "no fear" are heroes; "those who do not run away" are heroes; "those who
have renounced terror and fear" are heroes; "those who have left their bodies
and fear (lit. erected body hair)" are heroes.

Here has gone from all evil abstainers (??) to a state of vitality after transcending
    the suffering of hell,
He is an energetic person and a hardworking person. People like this can be
    called a hero. [Sn.3.6]

Sons, wives, male servants, maids, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs,
elephants, cows and horses, mules horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins,
villages, towns, royal capitals, places, treasury, warehouse, whatever things
can be corrupted by greed are called the bondage of the lay family.

"After the hero cuts off the bondage of the family member": "The one who is
alone is a hero. After the bondage of the family member is cut off, after
breaking, after abandoning, after being driven away, after ending, after making
it go to non-existence." After cutting off the bondage of the family member, for
the hero, he should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

\newpage
