Phra Suttantapitaka, Volume 22, Khuddaka Nikaya, Chulanitthes, I bow
down to the Blessed One, the Arahant, fully enlightened Buddha A spell
about Brahmin Pavarasiong, a disciple asking questions \[1\]. Desire to
be a person who does not Concerned from the Kosol Annachan Nirom city to
the Thakhina Patha countryside \[2\] The Brahmins were on the banks of
the Gothavari River. which is the border of glasses The Assaka and the
Munka are connected to each other. Sufficiency of life, snatching,
visiting monks and fruits. \[3\] When that brahmin enters (in) a large
village. prosperity born from that home The Brahman worshiped the
Mahayana \[4\] The Brahman worshiped the Mahayana and returned to the
Hermitage. already Another brahmin came. \[5\] Other brahmins had
crippled feet, bewildered gait, fuzzy teeth, dust on their heads. He
went to the Brahmin and asked for a hundred wealth \[6\]. already done
seated, he asked about happiness and disease-free, and said this: \[7\]
My wealth is to be bestowed upon. We\'ve given up. Behold, brahmins,
believe me, our riches are not. \[8\] If, when we ask You will never
give. On the seventh day your head Broken seven risks. \[9\] A brahmin
is a liar. Concocted to show cause for fear. Brahmin Pawri, having heard
that brahmin\'s words, was sorrowful. If you don\'t eat food, you will
become thin. Yes, but only. The mind of a Brahmin who has such a mind
would not delight in worship. \[11\] The devas (who resided near the
ashram of the Brahmins), who wished for benefit, saw the Brahmins fear
and sorrow. Yuj then approached the Brahmin Pawari and said:

\[12\] A brahmin who has a desire for wealth is a liar, does not know
his head. The knowledge of the head or the Dharma that causes the head
to fall would not be for that brahmin. \[13\] Pawrapee Ramdamrivaj This
deity may know it now. (saying) I asked and asked you to tell me the
head and the Dharma that gave the head away. I am. I will ask to hear
your words. \[14\] Even I do not know the head and the dharma that cause
the head to fall. I have no knowledge of this matter. The opinion of the
head and the dharma that cause the head to fall is only for all the
gods. \[15\] Now, who in this province knows the head and the Dharma?
which caused the head to fall. Lord angel, please tell that person I am.
\[16\] Te. from Kapilavastu Buri He is the Lord Buddha, the leader of
the worldly beings, the one who makes (shows) the bright Dharma. \[17\]
Look at that brahmin, the Sakyaputra. is the Buddha He reached the
shores of all dharmas, attained to the realm of all spirituality, had
eyes in all dharmas. He reaches the Dharma, the end of all Dharmas, He
is willing to go to the Dharma as the end of his support. \[18\] That
Blessed One He is the Buddha in the world, having an eye that teaches
the Dharma. You go and ask him. The Lord will predict the problem for
you. \[19\] Brahmin Pawri heard the words The Lord Buddha had joy, and
there was light sorrow. and had a great joy. \[20\] That brahmin pawari
was delighted, joyful, joyful, asking about (the Blessed One) and that
deva. (and proclaiming) the Lord Buddha. Where does the refuge of the
world\'s beasts reside? we all go Worship the Supreme Lord Buddha there.
\[21\] The Sakyaputra is a Shina Buddha, capable of wisdom. who
possesses broad wisdom such as the noble land, is a wise man, has no
taints, knows the head and the dharma that causes the head to fall off.
Ong Kwan Rachon resides at the royal palace of King Kosol in Savatthi.

\[22\] After that, the Brahmin Pawari Brahmins who are disciples He who
has reached the shore of Mantra has come (said). Look at the mantra,
come here. I will tell you. Please listen to my words. \[23\] frequent
appearances of the Blessed One It is hard to find in the world today.
has risen into the world There is a name appearing: Lord Buddha. Hurry
up to Savatthi to see the Supreme Lord Buddha. \[24\] I am a brahmin.
Well, when we see it, how can we know that it is a Buddha? How will we
come to know that Lord Buddha by deception? Please tell us the plot to
us who do not know. \[25\] Well, a great man with 32 characteristics has
come in all mantras. He stated clearly to inform the \[26\] Whoever has
such a great man in his body That person has a motto. It\'s only two
There is no third motto. \[27\] that is, if living in a house take
possession of this land. to rule fairly, without the need for crime No
need to use the science. \[28\] and if that person is ordained as a monk
will become an Arahant, fully enlightened Buddha There is a passion like
an open roof No one else is greater. \[29\] Brahmin pawri (I have told
you) the birth, clan, nature, and other mantras with the disciples
(said). All of you, ask about the head. and only the Dharma that allows
the head to fall with the mind. \[30\] If that person is a Buddha who
sees the Dhamma without any equipment Block. When you ask a question
with your heart, then solve it verbally. \[31\] 16 Brahmins, disciples I
are Ajit Brahman Tissametoey- Brahman Punnaka Brahman Metaku Brahman.
\[32\] Thota brahman, Upasiwa brahman, Nantha brahman, Mek-brahman,
Todeya brahman, Kappa brahman. Mahon Chatukanee - a brahmin who is a
graduate. \[33\] Phatrawut Brahmin Chotu Yabrahm Posal Brahmin Mokha-
Rajabrahman who was a philosopher. Pingkhiya, a brahmin who seeks grand
master

had heard the words of Brahmin Pawari. \[34\] All of them, only one
person. being a primate, appearing to all the world, being a prosperous
Jhana rejoices in Jhana as a virtuous person. Those who were trained
with ascendancy in the past. \[35\] All the Brahmins who were disciples
King Chada and the book of Abavid, Brahmin Pawari and performed the
royal order and headed Deni towards the direction of Udon. Chong Wan in
the province of Malacca Mahissati at that time, Ujjeni, Konadha, Vedisa,
Suan-Sahaya. \[37\] Kosambi, Saket, Savatthi were Adum, Se Tapphaya,
Mueang Kapilavastu Kusinara City. \[38\] Pavabhokan City, Vesali Mee
Bihar and Pasana Pagoda which is a temple Nana is delighted. \[39\]
Those brahmins hurried up to the mountain. (Pasan Chedi) Like a thirsty
man, he hurries to get cold water like a merchant B. big fortune and
like People were scorched by the heat and quickly drowned. \[40\] At
that time, the Blessed One, surrounded by monks, preached the Dhamma to
the monks. Kastu Many are as if the lions of Banlue The thick color is
in the forest. \[41\] Achitta Brahman saw the Lord Buddha just as the
sun. a ray of light shines out and like the full moon on the full moon
day. \[42\] At that time, the brahmin Ajit stood there, partly rejoicing
because he had seen the abundance of consonants. In the body of the
Exalted One, the Exalted One asked the question by heart. \[43\] A.D.,
who did you specify? Tell your nation, tell your clan with
characteristics. Tell me the success in all the mantras. Brahmin taught
Manop how much? \[44\] That brahmin was 120 years old, named Pawari by
the 3 khatsana, like that brahmin. That brahmin is the one who has
reached the shore of the Triphet. \[45\] The Brahmin of his
accomplishment in the Dharma teaches five hundred Manvas in the manner
of a great man. and the Itihasa along with the Bible student and the
Scriptures.

\[46\] Your Highness Than those who cut off their lust He proclaimed the
breadth of all characteristics of the Brahmin-Pawri. Do not doubt us at
all. \[47\] That brahmin can cover his face with his tongue. There is
warmth between the eyebrows. And there are organs hidden in the cloth in
the sheath. Look, Mr. Manop, you know this. \[48\] All the people did
not listen to anyone. who asked the question heard all the problems that
the Blessed One solved and became happy. Congratulations to Anchalee, he
thought differently. \[49\] Who is a deity, a Brahma or an angel? Pra
Anita Sujambodi, when he asked the question in his heart. Who can solve
that problem? \[50\] Ajarn Pawari Brahmin asked about the head. and the
dharma that caused the head to fall. May the Blessed One who seeks it,
please prophesy it. dispose of my doubts All of them. \[51\] May you
know that the Tea is the head of Enlightenment. Faith, mindfulness,
concentration, and persistence are the things that cause the head to
fall. \[52\] After that, Ajitmanava, who was supported by great joy.
Doing a tiger\'s skin on one shoulder and then lay down on his head near
the Buddha image (said) \[53\] Lord Blessed One who has the eyes of the
Brahmin With the disciples, the mind rejoices and rejoices. I pay homage
to His Majesty the King\'s footsteps. with the disciples, be happy. and
even you wish to be happy Live for a long time. \[55\] We give Powerpee
an opportunity. Brahmins to you and to brahmins All questions and all
doubts. If you desire any problem in your mind, just ask. \[56\] When
the Lord Buddha Having given the opportunity, Achitta Brahman sat with
his hands together and asked the Tathagata the first problem in that
company. test

Concerning Achita\'s problems \[57\] (Ashita asked the question) What
world is encompassing? what? The world does not appear for what reason?
What is the plaster on that world? Let him tell me. What is the great
danger of that world? \[58\] What is the word world? Embrace the meaning
of the world of hell, the world, the brute world, the world-
\*prettivisi, the human world, the world of devas, the world of
salvation, the world-element, the self-conscious world, this world, the
other world, the Brahma world, and the whole world of gods. this is
called the world What is this world that conceals, covers, covers,
covers, therefore what is the name of this world? It is said that
\"Ijjasma Achito\" is a concluding chapter. complete chapter is a
meeting of characters It is the refinement of the consonants, this iti
chapter follows the order of the chapters. The saying Aysma is a saying
of love. As mentioned by Respect this AysmƒÅ as a reference. Go with
respect and reverence. The chapter Achito is a name, a count. It is an
acknowledgment, a commandment, a singing, a name, a naming convention.
as a nameplate It is a language called is a manifestation to appear, is
a specific speech of that brahmin, therefore it is called \"Ijjasma
ashhot\". \[60\] The word world. It didn\'t appear for what reason? It
means that the world does not appear, is not bright, is not bright, is
not bright, is not bright, is not bright, for what reason? It appeared,
for what reason? \[61\] What is the word for plaster on the world? Ask
him to say, what is a plaster to use as an accessory? is a tool for the
misery of the world that is What world is plastered, smeared, tainted,
intermingled, entwined, entangled? Establish, reveal, classify, shallow,
preach, therefore, what is the name of the plaster for the world? Ask
him to speak. \[62\] What is the word? What is the great danger, a
tyranny, a sarcasm, a dangerous, a hindrance to that world, so what is
it called? It is said to be a great threat to that world. because of
that Then the brahmin said: (Ajitmanapa asked the question) What world
is it enclosing? The world does not appear for what reason? What is the
plaster on that world? Please tell me. What is the great danger of that
world? \[63\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Dukrjita) The world of
ignorance envelops. The world does not appear because of stinginess. We
speak of lust as a plaster against the world. Suffering is a great
danger to

that world. \[64\] Ignorance in suffering ignorance in all spheres
ignorance in all ignorance, ignorance in all ignorance ignorance in the
beginning ignorance in the ultimate, ignorance in both the initial and
the ultimate, ignorance in all the dharmas that depend on each other.
That is, the existence of this dharma is called avijja, ignorance,
ignorance, ignorance, inadequacy, only non-enlightenment, non-speaking.
know with the lack of stabbing throughout the refusal, along with the
lack of holding always disagreement disregard ignorance, knowledge
difficult, ignorance Ignorance is complete, infatuation, intoxication,
ignorance is void. Avijja is yoga; Avijja is a network of evil deeds.
The name is \"Awachi \"Cha\" in this language of avijja nivuto this logo
is called avijja. The world of hell, the world of deceased world, the
world of Pettivisa, the world of human beings, the world of devas, the
world of Khanthalok, the world of elements, the world of shame, this
world, the world is thick. The Brahma world and this whole world is
called the world. This ignorant world is covered. wrapped around it,
hence the name of the world. Avijja wrapped it up. \[65\] The Blessed
One calls that brahmana by the name \"Ajit\". This chapter of the
Bhagava is respectful. another The Blessed One destroys sensuality. For
that reason it is called the Bhagava. Therefore it is called the
Bhagava. He destroys delusion; therefore it is called the Bhagava. He
destroys mana. Because of that, it is called the Bhagava. He destroys
Ditthi. Because of that, it is called the Bhagavad. For that reason, he
is called the Bhagava. For that reason, he is called the Supreme Lord,
who has done the best of all worlds. Therefore, it is called the
Bhagavata, having a trained body. For that reason, it is called the
Bhagava. Therefore, it is called the Bhagava. Having a developed mind, a
developed wisdom. Because of that, it is called the Bhagava. In
addition, the Blessed One He was addicted to the secluded places, the
forests and the lonely forests, silent, without noise, without the wind,
but the people should do the secret karma of mankind. should be avoided
For that reason, it is called the Bhagava. Moreover, the Blessed One is
involved in the alms-giving, alms-giving, and kilƒÅnƒÅsana and
pharmacological factors; therefore it is also called the Bhagava. The
Blessed One has a share in the taste, the taste, the liberty of the high
virtue, the spiritual awakening, therefore it is called the word. In
addition, the Blessed One has a part. of the 4 impermanent jhƒÅna, the
four impermanent forms, therefore it is called the Bhagava. Annihi, the
Blessed One has the share of liberation. 8 Anupupbhavihara samadhi 9
Therefore, it is called the Bhagava. Yabhavanasati, 20 kasin samapatti,
10 samatha meditation, anapanasati, asuphjanasati Because of that, it is
called the Bhagava. Moreover, the Blessed One It has 4 foundations of
satipatthana, 4 knowledge, 4 powers, 4 organics, 5 strengths, 5
Bojjhanga, 7 Noble Paths, and is therefore called On the other hand, the
Blessed One has a share in the power of the Tathagata, 10
Vesarachayanana, 4 Patisamphida, 4 Apinya 6, 6 Buddha Dhamma.

Therefore it is called the Bhagava. The Father did not appoint, the
Bhikkini did not, the Father did not. Friend and authority did not set
Relatives did not set up ascetics and brahmins, neither did devas. The
name Bhagava is the name that arises in the end. of liberation. The name
Bhagava is the truth of the law. Name of the Blessed One All who are
enlightened are ready. because of the attainment of the omnipotent
enlightenment wielding the Great Bodhi Tree, hence the name \"Achitati
Bhagava\". \[66\] The word world does not appear because of stinginess.
The meaning of the five types of stinginess are abbots. Stingy Address:
Kulmachariya, stingray, stingray, stingray, stingray, stingray, stingy,
stingy, stingy, stingy. stinginess various wishes firmness That which
the mind that no one believes has not seen like this is called
stinginess. Even the stinginess He was called a genius. even elemental
stinginess You are also called wise. You call it madness. You call it
intelligence. Carelessness deserves a release. Increase the release of
the mind in the body. Corruption is good. In corrupt speech. In
corruption is good. In the benjakam you are good. or being a person
doing it not generous Being a non-contact person paternity Being a
person with slack behavior Being a proxy entrustment Non-addiction, lack
of development, lack of production, inattention frequent inactivity In
the practice of merits, it is carelessness, drunkenness, drunken
behavior. This intoxication is called carelessness. The word world does
not appear because of stinginess. because of carelessness That the world
does not appear, is not bright, is not bright, is not bright, is not
bright, is not bright, because of this stinginess, because of this
carelessness, hence the name. that the world does not appear because of
stinginess because of carelessness. \[67\] I say that lust is a plaster
covering the world; lust is called shappa, lust, lust, delight, delight.
pleasure, lust, with ecstasy, lustful desire Desires, passions, lusts,
desires, entanglements, ties, drowsiness, trepidation, delusions, the
nature of animal birth, the nature of animal suffering. sewn nature
Nature is just like the nature that flows, nature that fades away in
different emotions. sleepiness The breadth of nature which causes age to
deteriorate. friendship the intention, nature is the cause leading to
the natural world, just as the forest just nature that among the trees
in the forest, the intimacy, the bond, the affliction, the entanglement,
the hope, the cherished action Hope and hope in Rapu hope in the sound
of hope In the smell of hope, in the taste of hope in the palm Hope in
Wealth, Hope in Wealth - \*Hope in Child, Hope in Life, Whispering,
Whispering all around. whisper whisper Whispering, greed, greedy
behavior, greed lust

Those who want to succeed Irregular greed, lust, lust, desires,
ambitions, desires, kamatanha, bhava-tanha, vibhava-tanha, avatar-lust,
nirodha-an-form, lustful-lust, lustful-lust, lustful-lust,
lustful-veterinary, ignorant-yoga. Oh, precariousness, nature is a
barrier. nature as a shield nature is off nature is a binder Nature is
just like a vine, stinginess, sorrow, cause of suffering. The birthplace
of suffering, the devil\'s snare, the devil\'s snare, the devil\'s
vision, the devil\'s trajectory, the devil\'s ties, lust just as the
word, the river of lust, just as the net. Craving just as the words,
chains, craving just as the sea Abhijha, lobha, akusala-mullah, this is
called chappa (tanha). It is the defilement of the world. This lustful
world glides, plasters, tarnishes, tarnishes, smears, clings, clings,
clings, and I am enthralled. It preaches, dictates, appoints, reveals,
classifies, shallows, preachs, hence the name. \[68\] Suffering is
called the world\'s greatest danger, namely birth suffering, old age,
suffering, death, soka, parideva, suffering, grief, upayas, suffering.
In Hell, suffering at birth, suffering in Pettivism, suffering in human
suffering has stepped into the birth of a woman. is in the womb
Suffering is a birth defect. Suffering from born animals suffering, but
other animal Suffering is born of one\'s own perseverance; suffering is
born of another\'s sorrow, suffering, suffering, suffering from eye
disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head
disease, internal disease. Ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease,
cough, rhinitis, rhinitis, heat stroke, senile disease, stomach disease,
asphyxia, colic disease, diarrheal disease, eczema. Ringworm, asthma,
epilepsy, scabies on the side, scabies, ingrown ingrown, ingrown
ingrown, hemorrhoids, hemorrhoids, good diseases, diabetes, hemorrhoids,
gland diseases, pandan disease, paralytic place of origin Pathology with
sputum as a base Path with wind as a premise Illness, etc., had a
meeting. Anxiety is born because of the changing seasons, an illness
because of an uneven change of posture, an illness because of
perseverance, an affliction with Gedi, because of karma, cold, heat,
hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination, suffering.
Glimpse, mosquitoes, wind, sun and the touch of reptiles. Mother\'s
death is suffering, father\'s death is suffering. His brother\'s death
was suffering. The death of a sister is suffering, the death of a child
is suffering. His daughter\'s death was suffering. The calamity of
relatives is suffering, the calamity of wealth is suffering. woe because
of disease is suffering. The calamity of morality is suffering, the
calamity of view is suffering. Which of these dharmas? There was an
occurrence in the beginning, it appeared. Those rupa dharmas appear to
be extinguished in the end. Karma Karma relies on form, relies on name,
relies on form. Names go by life, old age follows, parasites dominate.
death was pounding set in sorrow nothing to resist Nothing is hidden
There is nothing public. There is nothing to rely on This is called
suffering. Suffering is a big disaster It\'s a compression machine. It
is a friction device. Dangerous.

The troubles of that world, therefore, is called suffering as the great
danger of that world. because of that The Blessed One said, The world of
ignorance envelops it. The world does not appear because of stinginess.
We say that lust is a plaster on the world. Suffering is the great
danger of that world. \[69\] (Ashita asked:) Currents flow in all
senses. What are the current barriers? May the Lord preach the Dharma It
is a barrier to all currents. What currents can be blocked? \[70\] The
current is lust, the current is ditthi, the current is defilement, the
current is corruption, the current is avijja, the stream is avijja,
called the stream in Uthesava \"Santi sabbhadhi sota\", the verse
sabbhadhi is in the senses. all. The word shunti means that it flows, it
flows, it flows, it goes, it flows, it flows, it passes. In the form of
the eye, in the sounds of the ears, in the smells of the nose, in the
tastes of the tongue, in the bodily touch, they flow, fall in love, slip
away. in the mind-dharma, the lustful form flows away, ebbs and flows,
leading to the eye. ... through the ears, the dharma vanishes ...
through the nose, the dharma vanishes ... through the tongue, the dharma
vanishes away ... physically, the dharma vanishes away ... It flows, it
moves, it goes towards the mind, therefore they are called streams. May
flow in all senses. \[71\] The word iti in the context of ijjasma ashhot
is a synonym, a related chapter. complete chapter is a meeting of
characters It is the refinement of consonants. The word iti follows the
order of the chapters. The verse of Aysma is a reference to what is
going on with it. Respect and reverence. The chapter Achito is a name, a
counter. as an acknowledgment sign, a commandment, a calling, a name, a
naming as a nameplate is a language that is called It is the specific
speech of that brahmin, therefore it is called \"Ijjasma Ajito\". What
is a barrier? It\'s a prohibition. It\'s a protection. as a cure It is a
protection against all currents, therefore what is it called as a
protection against currents? \[73\] \"May the Lord preach the Dharma as
a barrier to all currents, say, say, enact, enact, appoint, reveal,
classify, act. be shallow, proclaiming the Dharma as a tool That is,
Dharma is a forbidden, it is a protection, it is a cure, it is a
protection against all currents. Therefore, it is called that the Lord
speaks

Dharma is a barrier to all currents. \[74\] What currents can be blocked
means what currents? It can be concealed, that is, it will not cut off,
it will not flow, it will not flow, it will not move, therefore it is
called current. What can be closed? because of that Then the brahmin
said: (Ajitmanapa asked:) Currents flow in all senses. What are the
current barriers? May the Lord preach the Dharma It is a barrier to all
currents. What currents can be blocked? \[75\] (The Blessed One replied,
\"Dukrjita) Whatever currents in the world, mindfulness is a barrier to
them. We say the Dharma as a barrier to all currents. these streams of
wisdom can be blocked. \[76\] \"Which currents in the world are these
streams I have told, I have said, I have shown, I have ordained and
appointed? It has been revealed, classified, has been made shallow, and
has been declared: the current of lust, the current of view, the current
of defilement, the current of corruption, the current of ignorance. The
world\'s khandha, the world-element, the world\'s shame, therefore, what
currents are called in the world? The Blessed One calls that brahmana by
the name of Ashita. \[77\] Remembrance is remembrance, specific
remembrance, mindfulness, remembrance, remembrance, non-passionateness.
Non-forgetfulness, mindfulness, stamina, satisamphojga, the EkƒÅkƒÅnagarga
(the path that leads to one person only) is called mindfulness in the
context of \"sati. This is called sati. The chapter is a barrier, it
means a barrier, that is, a prohibition. as a protection as a cure It is
a protection, therefore it is called mindfulness as a barrier against
those currents. \[78\] I say the Dharma as a barrier to all currents; I
say, I declare, I declare, I appoint, I appoint. Revealing, classifying,
making shallow, making proclaiming, which Dharma is a barrier, that is,
a forbidden. as a protection as a cure It is a protection against all
currents. All streams. \[79\] Knowledge of all manners, omnipotence,
etc. Kafentham sammaditthi, called wisdom, in the context of payete
pithiyare. The words that these currents which wisdom can block, that
these streams which wisdom can block, that is, it cuts off, does not
flow, does not flow, does not move, does not go. the wisdom of a person
who knows that All sankharas are impermanent, they can be blocked ...
not possible. These currents The wisdom of a person who knows that all
sankharas are suffering. can block \... not possible. These currents the
wisdom of a person who knows that

All dharmas are selfless. can block \... not possible. These currents A
person who knows wisdom sees that because ignorance is a factor,
sankhara can be blocked \... not possible. These currents the wisdom of
a person who knows that Because sankhara is a factor, there is a spirit
that can block it ... This is not possible. Because spirit is a factor,
there is the name Monpu. can be blocked... Not possible. These currents
the wisdom of a person who knows that Because name-form is a factor,
there is a salatana that can be blocked ... not possible. These currents
The wisdom of a person who sees that because of the salattana is a
factor, there is a sense that can block it \... not possible. These are
the wisdom of the wise person. Because touch is a factor, there is a
magic that can be blocked by a master\...not possible. m Because feeling
is the factor, craving can be blocked ... not possible. These currents
the wisdom of a person who knows that Because craving is a factor, there
is clinging, which can block it ... not possible. the wisdom of a person
who knows that because prejudice is So there is a factor can be blocked,
not possible, these currents The wisdom of a person who sees that
because the world is a factor, there is a existence that can be blocked
\... not possible. this The wisdom of a person who knows that because of
the nation is a factor So old and dead can block \... not possible.
Because of ignorance, sankhara is extinguished, because of body is
cessation, because of consciousness is extinguished, name and form are
extinguished, because name and form are extinguished. The satanic then
died. Because of the fading away, the contact is extinguished, because
of the feeling is extinguished, because of the feeling is extinguished,
because of the craving is extinguished. Prejudice therefore
extinguishes. With the cessation of clinging, the existence is
extinguished, because the existence is extinguished, because birth is
extinguished, old age and death are extinguished. It can block, that is,
it conceals, it does not flow, it does not flow, it does not move, it
does not go. of a person who knows This misery, this misery, this misery
This is all Nirodha Kamini\'s practice. can block \... not possible.
These currents the wisdom of the person One who knows, sees that these
are taints, this is the cause of taints. this cessation This approach to
the cessation of taints can be blocked ... not possible. These currents
the wisdom of a person who knows that these dharmas should be known
These dharmas should be enlightened, these dharmas should be discarded,
these dharmas should be made clear, they should be closed. Yes \... not
possible. These currents The wisdom of a person who sees birth,
cessation, virtue, harm, and deceit as a means of contact for the six
senses can be blocked ... it is not. away. These currents The wisdom of
a person who sees birth, cessation, grace, blame and deceit is the way
out of the world. The five alms can be blocked \... it is not possible
to do these currents. The wisdom of a person who sees the birth,
cessation, blame, and deception as the means of the Great Form 4 can
block it ... it is not possible. this time the wisdom of a person who
knows that something has Occurrence is normal, all things normal
extinction It can block, that is, it conceals, it does not flow, it does
not flow, it does not move, it does not move, therefore these currents
are called. which wisdom can close because of that The Blessed One said,
What currents in the world Consciousness is a barrier to those currents.

We say that Dharma is a barrier to all currents. these streams which
wisdom can block. \[80\] (Ashita asked:) Where did the Lord of
Immortality, wisdom, mindfulness, and name disappear? I have inquired.
Ask him to speak Tell me that message. \[81\] Clear knowledge, clear
action choice general selection Ready prescription accessibility access
to specific requirements graduate Intelligence, meticulousness Wisdom is
a classification of thought and consideration as the land of wisdom.
Inexperienced wisdom, discernment, general knowledge Wisdom pierced like
a goblet, wisdom is strength. Wisdom is just like a sword Wisdom is just
like a castle Wisdom is only the light Wisdom is only the light Wisdom
is a lamp Wisdom is just the jewel, non-delusion, cultivating dharma,
right-sightedness, samaditthi, called wisdom, in the word \"pa jeva sati
japi\", remembrance, remembrance, etc., right mindfulness. The name is
Sati. Therefore, it is called Ajitmanapa. Asked about wisdom and
mindfulness. \[82\] The word \"Reverend\" \... name, form, form The four
imperial forms are called the name, the four great elements, and the
four great forms are called rupa and the Maris are words of love. It is
said with respect to the verse that this Maris is said to go with
respect and reverence, therefore it is called O Lord. The Immortal ...
form name. \[83\] The word Etamme in Udesava \"Etamme putho‚Ç¨ papruhi\"
means I He asks, asks, supplicates, urges to confer any message,
\'Putko\' means that I have asked, that is, a request, a request, an
invitation. Prasat prabharuhi meaning: Speak, Speak, Act, decree,
appoint, reveal, classify, shallow, declare, therefore I say. After
asking, may the Lord speak to me the matter. \[84\] The word Katthetam
Uparujti means that it ceases, that is, it is calm, it stands, does not
settle anywhere. Therefore it is called that where will die. Because of
that Then the brahmin said: Where, O Lord, where does wisdom,
consciousness, and figurative names go away? I have inquired. Ask him to
speak Tell me that message. \[85\] (The Blessed One replied,) Look,
Grochita, what question have you asked? we will solve the problem
Wherever name and form cease, there is no rest; there name and form
cease because of the cessation of the soul. \[86\] Yametha Apucchi\" is
wisdom, mindfulness, and form.

\"Apuchi\" means to ask, to supplication, to invite, to be contemplated,
therefore, you have asked a question. \[87\] The Blessed One called that
brahman by the name \"Ashita\" in the Udea as \"Ajit tam vatami te\",
the word \"under\". VƒÅtami means that we will say, will tell, will show,
will decree, appoint, reveal, classify, shallow, declare the problem.
Therefore it is called Dugrochita, and I will address that problem to
you. \[88\] The four avatars are named in the name of \"Yatthanam jarupa
josesam-uparujchati\", the four great elements that relied on the four
great elements, called Figure. The word asesam means not remaining,
meaning all, by all means, by all means, without remaining, without
remaining .This word It\'s all aforementioned. The word Uparujti means
cessation, which means peace. The standing does not cease, therefore it
is called a form of name that ceases to exist. Where. \[89\] That name
and form are extinguished there because of the cessation of the soul.
Which of these dharmas, namely name and form, should arise in the pitta?
N and to the end that cannot be known, except for the seven realms,
those things are extinguished, that is, they are peaceful; they cannot
be settled there because of the cessation of places. Spirituality with
Abhisankhara Dharma with Sotapatti Mahajanana. Whatever dharmas, namely,
name and form, should arise in the five worlds, except for these two
states, they will perish. That is, it is calm in its existence, it does
not cease there because of the cessation of the soul that is commended
by enlightenment, by the Sakadagami way. Whatever dharmas, namely name
and form, should arise in the kamma-element, form-element, or
non-formal-element, except those realms will cease to exist, meaning
they will not cease to exist. Suspended there because The cessation of
souls with Absankhara Dhamma with an instinctive mind. Whatever dharmas,
namely name and form, arise, those dharmas are extinguished, that is,
they are at peace until they remain undisturbed. there because of the
cessation of souls communion with Abhisankhara Dhamma by Arahata. Moral.
When The Arahant passed away with nirvana. These things are wisdom,
mindfulness, and the form of noun is extinguished, that is, calm, unable
to live. suspends there because of the former cessation of the soul;
therefore, that name and form cease there because of the cessation of
the soul. The Blessed One said, \"Duke Kroshita, what question have you
asked?\" we will solve the problem that to you Where name and form are
extinguished, there is no rest, because of the cessation of spirit.
\[90\] (Ashita asked) Which of these arhats, who possess the Dharma and
the Sekha, there are many people in this view? O Lord of sorrow I
inquired and asked the Almighty, please.

speaks about the progress of the monks and those people to me. \[91\]
The word \"yej sangkhattama se\" means Arahant Khinasop. He said that
there is a sakhata dharma. Why? The Arahant Khinasabad then said that
there is a Dharma because those Arahants have the Dhamma which is
already known. f There is a Dhamma that has been examined, There is a
Dhamma that has been considered, There is a Dhamma that has been
declared. There is a clear Dharma that has been revealed, that is, there
is a Dharma that has been counted All conditioned things are impermanent
... All conditioned things are suffering ... All dharmas are selfless
... because ignorance is Factors therefore have sankhara, etc. Any thing
is born. Naturally, all things are perfect. Go normal. On the other
hand, khandhas, that, ayatana, mottos, precepts, fertility, pity, and
watta, which those arhats are ready to count. Moreover, those arahants
are already located in the last of the Khans. finally of the elements
Finally of the senses Finally of the mind in the end Finally of
fertilization finally of the world Finally of pity Ultimately, the Vatta
is in the final existence, is in the final existence. He is an Arahant
who possesses the body that has finally existed. This existence and self
are birth, death and pity. Of those arhat khinas, there is the last
time, you are no more born in a new world. Therefore, the Arahant
Khinasop He therefore said that there is a dharma, hence the name
*Arahant Khina. People who have dharma. \[92\] The word \"sekkha\" in
the word \"ye sekkha putuitha\" means, why is it called Phra Sekkha?
Because still need to study further. What did you study? A study of the
recitation of the precepts of the sikkhabang, the adhichit - the
sikkhabang* , the adhipanya sikkhabang. So why pray the precepts? In
this Dharma Vinaya is a monk who has the precepts in the
Patimokkhasamvara, even with Ajara and orbiting. There is usually a
danger in the punishment, although there are few. Samanthan studied in
all the precepts The precepts, even small The precepts, even large The
precepts depend on as a barrier, as a consolation, as a caution, as a
leader, as a gift of the ready All these virtues are called upholding
the precepts. So, what is the spiritual precept? Here a bhikkhu,
secluded from sensual pleasures, secluded from unwholesome dharmas,
attains the first jhana, is anxious and thoughtful, having joy and
happiness born of solitude. Attained dutijhana, this is called
Athichittasikkha. So what is the wisdom of the precepts? monks in this
discipline be wise contains wisdom consideration machine Seeing birth
and cessation as a noble, a source of defilement, rightly leading to the
cessation of suffering. according to the fact that this suffering, this
suffering, this suffering This is all Nirodha Kamini\'s practice. these
are taints This causes ashes. This is the cessation of taints, this is
the cessation of taints. This is called Athipanya Sikkha.

all monks Taking into account this threefold, studying, knowing,
studying, praying and studying. willing to study with faith to sustain
education to study mentally educated Knowing all through wisdom is
studying. He knows the dharmas that should be learned and studied,
determines the dharmas that should be taught and studied, and abandons
the dharmas that should be studied. Prosperity that should be developed
and studied to inform the dharma which should be made to be informed,
study, behave hospitable behave willingly Samantha behaves because of
that therefore called Phra Sekha. The word \'putu\' means that there are
many, that is, these sekhas. including Phra Sotapanna Practitioner For
Sotapattiphon, Sakdakami, Practitioner for Sakdakami, Pra Anagami,
Practitioner for Anakami, Arahant, and Practitioner for Arahatship. It
means, in this view, in this rightness, in this obedience, in this
discipline, in this Dharma, in this Dhamma and Discipline, in this
speech, in this holy life. In this matter, in this existence, in this
world of mankind, therefore there are many names and sekhas in this
view. \[93\] The word \'putho‚Ç¨ papruhi maris\' in the word \"tesam me
nippkoriyam putho‚Ç¨ papruhi maris\" means mae. He is wise, wise,
knowledgeable, enlightened, meditative, enlightened. Wisdom to destroy
defilements which I have asked, asking, asking, petitioning, asking for
advice, and inviting conferral, say: Tell, show, command, appoint,
reveal, classify, make shallow, proclaiming the conduct, the conduct,
the possibility, the generous conduct, the orbiting Dharma. Dharma is a
tool. Practices of Arahants and those monks This verse of Maris is a
saying of love. It is said with respect. It is said to go with respect
and reverence, therefore it is called O Lord of the suffering. I have
inquired. May the wise one speak tells about the progress of the Arahant
Khinasop and give me those sakhas. because of that Then the brahmin
said: Any arahant Khinas who possess the Dharma and the Sekha, there are
many people in this view. O Lord, the immortal, I have inquired, may the
wise one Speak the action of the Arahant Khinasop and those monks to me.
\[94\] (The Blessed One replied:) Look, Krashita, a bhikkhu is not
attracted to sensual pleasures. have no cloud of heart Wise in all
dharmas, he is mindful. \[95\] Asserting that there are two kinds of
sensual kama, kame sunabhikishjaya, namely, sensual objects and
defilements. 1. What are sensual objects? Image, sound, smell, taste,
pleasing touch, coat, clothes, paint, slaves, goats, sheep, pigs,
elephants, cows, horses, donkeys, land, money, houses

Ratchathani Industrial Estate, rural area, Changing rice and other
objects inviting one Another name is another erotic object. The past
eroticism, the future eroticism, the present eroticism, internal
eroticism, external eroticism, internal and external eroticism, bad
eroticism, moderate eroticism, exquisite eroticism, evil eroticism in
humans. The divine sensuality, the manifested sensuality, the
self-imposed sensuality. The sensual sensuality that others create, the
cherished sensuality, the uncherished sensuality. eroticism that is
considered our eroticism that is not considered our All kamavacara
dharmas, Rupavacara- \*all dharmas Even all virtuous dharmas Dharma
which is the object of lust The Dhamma which is the emotion of craving
is called Kama, because it is the site of lust, because it is the site
of lust. Appointed because of the view that it was a place of
intoxication. These are called erotic objects. What is the lust? Chanda,
lust, chandraka, sankappa, sankappara, sensual pleasure, sensual
pleasure. sexual desire erotic pleasure, sensual lust, sensual lust,
lust erotic passion Passion for sensual pleasures, passion for sensual
pleasures, enthusiasm for sensual pleasures, kama-okha, kama-yoga,
kamupathana, kama-revolution. Behold, I have seen your roots. Behold,
Karma, you were born because of your thoughts. We will never think of
you. Look, Kaka, you will not have such symptoms. These are called
defilements. Lust, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha, lobha, akusalamul, are
called lust. The word not being attracted to all sensual pleasures, is
not being attracted to. Jobs of the unsatisfied not addicted, not
enthralled, not entangled, free of affiliation, give up lust, give up
without desire give up desire relieve desire release desire give up
desire shake off desire in all passions in all erotic objects one who is
not hungry, completely quenched, cooled, one who enjoys having a noble
self, therefore it is called not being attracted to all sensual
pleasures. \[96\] citta, manas, hatai, nature is pure, ayatana is mind,
organic is mind, spirit, khandha, mind-soul element called citta, in
reference to \"mansanavilo siya\" citta. Nature is cloudy, busy,
continuing, shaken, swayed, restless, because of corrupt body, corrupt
speech, corrupt mentality, lust, hatred, moha, gotha, upanaha, makka,
plasa, issa, machariya, maya, sathe. yaya tambha sarambha mana atimana
mada pamada citta is a clouded nature, turbulent, continually shaken,
shaken, unrestrained because of all defilements. all corrupt all the
restlessness All the rage, all the trouble, all the trouble All
auspiciousness. The word to be one who is not cloudy means one who is
not cloudy, that is, not busy, not going, not continuing. No longer
shaken, not supported, calmed by the mind, that is, one should give up,
relieve, and cause, at the end of the absence of all defilements that
cause turmoil. He who abstains, abstains, shakes off, calms, suspends,
liberates, has nothing to do with obscuring defilements. should be a
person who has a heart without

boundaries, therefore, it is said that one who has It is not cloudy.
\[97\] The word jaguslosbodham It means that he is wise in all dharmas.
All things are impermanent...all conditioned things are suffering...all
dharmas are Anatta\...because avijja is a factor, there is sankhara,
etc., anything naturally arises. All things have a natural extinction.
One should be wise in all dharmas even with this condition. one more
thing Be wise in all things, as impermanent, as suffering, as an
abscess, as an arrow, as an affliction, as an affliction. otherwise
It\'s a broken state, it\'s wicked, it\'s a sinister state, it\'s a bad
state, it\'s a danger, it\'s an obstacle, it\'s shaken, it\'s decayed,
it\'s unsustainable, it\'s nothing, it\'s resistance, it\'s not. It is
hidden, has no refuge, is not a refuge, is empty, is lost, is selfless,
is punishable, is naturally volatile. not quintessential It is the root
of suffering, it is a killing, it is a state without growth, having
taints, additives. a victim of the devil have a common nationality
Normal old age Parasites are common. It is the nature of death, it is
the nature of soka, the particle, suffering, sorrow, and clinging, it is
the nature of sorrow, by birth, by cessation, without virtue, without
guilt, without deceit. machine away One should be wise in all dharmas
even with this condition. Be a wise person in the
khandha...elements...sayatana...satitude...satipatthƒÅna...samapadhana
... power ... organics ... physical strength ... Bojhong. q ... path ...
result ... nirvana One should be wise in all things even with this
condition. one more thing The 12 senses are the eye of the ear, the
sound of the nose, the smell of the tongue, the body, the touch, the
mind, the dharmas, called all dhammas. Why does it not have a location
like a palm stump? To the absence of the latter, there is no further
occurrence. Why should a bhikkhu be wise in all dharmas Even with such a
circumstance, therefore, it is called wise in all things. \[98\] Sto in
the upheaval as \"Sto bhikkhu paripbbhe\" means that a bhikkhu is
mindful too. The four reasons are mindfulness.
Kayanupassana-satipatthana in the body, one who develops *mindfulness of
feelings, one who develops consciousness The foundations of mind 1 have
mindfulness and develop dhamma- nupassana* satipatthana in all
dharmas 1. A bhikkhu is mindful for four other causes, namely,
mindfulness through abstinence. One who does not have mindfulness 1
because the Dharma is the place of mindfulness 1 because the Dharma is
an enemy to the mind 1 because the Dharma is not forgotten. which is the
vision of mindfulness 1. A bhikkhu is mindful for four other reasons,
namely, being mindful because of being possessed of mindfulness, 1
because of skill. Yasati 1 because of being sedentary with mindfulness,
1 because of not reversing from mindfulness 1. A bhikkhu is mindful for
four other reasons, namely, mindfulness because Consistency 1 because of
calmness 1 because of calm 1 because of dharma of calm 1 because of
mindfulness Buddhanussati because of Dhammanussati because of conscience
because of the color of lanus consciousness

because of Jakanus consciousness because of the angel Nussati because of
Anapanassati Because of death, because of body-gata- *sati, because of
upasamanus-sati, mindfulness, etc., right-mindedness,
mindfulness-satisamphojha, this Ekamanaga is called mindfulness. It goes
in, comes in, comes in, comes in, comes in with this mindfulness, is
called mindfulness. The word \"bhikkhu\" is the name of a bhikkhu
because he destroys seven things, namely, he who destroys Sakkaya,
Ditthi, Vicikicha, Silabbat, Pramas, Raga, Dosa, Moha and Mana.
destroyer obscene morality which makes me sad to be born in a new world
Anxiety, affliction, sorrow, the place where the nation continues,
aging, and death. (The Blessed One then said, \"Look, Kasbhiya.\" That
bhikkhu had attained nirvana. Because the Dharma is the way that one has
done (adhered) beyond doubt. After the deterioration and prosperity is
at the end of the holy life. A new world is over. The word \"bhikkhus
should be mindful\" means that a monk should be mindful, that is,
mindfulness to walk, mindfulness to stand, mindfulness to sit,
mindfulness to lie down, mindfulness to move forward. Skip ahead one
should be mindful to look back, be mindful to look, be mindful to look
should be mindful be conscious One should be mindful in robes, bowls and
robes, one should be mindful, one should be mindful, that is, to change,
to heal, to maintain, to heal, to heal; therefore, a bhikkhu should be
mindful. except around. because of that The Blessed One said, A monk is
not attracted to sensual pleasures. have no cloud of heart wise in all
virtues Be mindful of your surroundings. \[99\] With the end of the
spell, the Dharma Eye (Sodapattimaga), free from dust, without blemish,
has arisen to thousands of gods and humans. joint proxies have common
sentences There is a common wish, there is a training and ascendancy
together with Ajatti. that brahmin that anything has Occurrence is
normal, all things Extinction is normal. and the mind of the brahmin
ajita is freed from all taints. because they are not confident. Tiger
skin, chada, filter cloth, wand, scavenger, water, hair and mustache of
Achit Brahmins are gone, along with Achittha\'s Ban Urahtam. Rahman, who
was a monk holding a robe as a monk, sangkhati bowls and robes, because
of his utilitarian practice, sat in communion with Anjali and worshiped
the Blessed One, proclaiming: Blessed One, the* Blessed One is my
teacher. I am a disciple as follows. End of Achitmanavakhana nisthes
1st. test Concerning the problems of Tissamettayaya \[100\]
(Tissamettayaya asked:)

Who is secluded in this world? Whose trepidation does not exist? Who
knows the last two parts? Would not be caught in the midst of wisdom?
Who did he call? Are you a great man? Who has passed away from the lust
which is the staple in this world? \[101\] Whoever is secluded in this
world means whoever is contented, contented, contented. So it is called
who is secluded in this world? The chapter Iti in the recitation of
\"Ijja- \*yasma tissamedteyyo\" is as follows: it is a constituent
chapter, that is, a related chapter. It is a chapter that still
completes the text. It is a meeting of characters. It is the refinement
of the consonants. This Iti chapter follows the order of the chapters.
The word Aysma is spoken with love. It is said with respect, the word
Aysma is spoken with respect and reverence. The word Tissametteyyo is a
name, a counter. It\'s a knowledge mark, a commandment, a referral, a
name, a naming convention, a naming convention, a language called. as a
display device It is a specific saying, therefore it is called \"Ijjasma
tissamedteyyo\". \[102\] No one\'s trepidation means lust for lust. No
one\'s trembling, trembling because of mana, trembling because of
defilement, trembling because of karma, none of these shakes are there:
they are not visible, they are not visible, they are trembling. can then
cut off, then calm, then suspend, there should not happen to burn It is
destroyed by fire, it is wisdom, therefore it is called that there is no
trembling of anyone? \[103\] The word \"who knows the two ends\" means
\"knowing, comparing, considering, prospering, making it clear. which
the two extremes, hence the name, who knows the two extremes? \[104\]
The word not trapped among wisdom means that it is not attached, that
is, not getting caught, going out, shaken off, freed, not. related
Having a mind without boundaries, therefore it is called unattached, in
the midst of wisdom. \[105\] Whom does he call a great man? Who is He
calling? Who is speaking? Who is important? Who is praised? Who is seen?
Who is commanding? as a great man, a great man, a supreme man, a
wonderful man, a presiding man, a great man, a great man. \[106\]
\"Whoever has passed away from this world\'s lusts, the word, who has
passed away, has gone too far. It\'s over, it\'s over, it\'s past which
lust is the machine sewn, hence the name who is presumptuous Find a
sewing machine in this world. because of that Then the brahmin said: Who
is secluded in this world? Whose trepidation does not exist? Who knows
the last two parts? Would not be caught in the midst of wisdom?

Who would he say to be a great man? Who has already The lust that is the
staple in this world? \[107\] (The Blessed One replied, A bhikkhu
possesses the holy life of sensual pleasures, free from craving,
mindful, quenched, unshaken, he knows the two extremes. and amidst
wisdom, it is not attached. We call that bhikkhu a great man. That
bhikkhu has passed away from craving. work in this world of Jeb. \[108\]
By exclaiming that Kama in the proverb says \"Gamesuprahamamariyava\"
thus there are two kinds of sensuality, namely sensual objects and
defilements. 1 kamma, etc. These are called sensual objects, these are
called defilements, the word celibacy means abstinence, abstinence,
abstinence. Expulsion of wickedness, non-action, non-doing,
needlessness, boundlessness, which the fulfillment of the unsatisfied
state is called Brahma. I. Another one. You directly call the Eightfold
Path, namely SammƒÅditthi, etc., SammƒÅdhi as Brahma. Any bhikkhu who
enters, enters, enters, enters, enters, enters, completes, comprised of
the Noble Eightfold Path, that bhikkhu A person is called virtuous, a
person is called wealth, because wealth is called wealth, because wealth
is called rank, because rank is called art because Art is called
virtuous, because of morality, is called perseverance, because of
perseverance, is called wisdom, because of wisdom, is called wisdom,
because of knowledge, just as a monk is good. to come in, come in, come
in, come in, come in, come in, come in, come in, come in, come in
together So so too is the Brahma, therefore it is called the Brahmana
because of all sensual pleasures. See Kormeet Toei Ya. The word bhagava
is a symbol of respect, etc. This bhagava is a law of truth, therefore
he said: The Blessed One replied, See Kormeet Toei Ya. \[109\] Formation
of craving ... The Dharma of craving is called lust, in the context of
\"freed from craving, mindful at all times\". Any bhikkhu who renounces
this craving, is cut off, has ceased, has ceased. The negativity should
arise; it has been burned with the fire of wisdom. That bhikkhu is
called free from craving, that is, the craving has been abandoned, it
has been released, it has been released, it has been abandoned, it has
been abandoned. Gone is gone, Gone is gone, Gone is gone, Gone is gone,
Gone is gone, Gone is Gone, One is without hunger It has been
extinguished, it has settled down, it has enjoyed itself as a brahma.
The word sata means \"every time\", \"every time, all time, forever,
everlasting, everlasting, continuous, continuous, uninterrupted,
uninterrupted, uninterrupted, composed of in unison, right, time is
perebhat Always in the beginning, in the middle, in the latter, in the
waning, in the waning, in the rainy season, in the winter, in the
summer, in the early age, in In the middle age, in the later age. The
word mindful means having mindfulness for four reasons, namely, being
mindful because he is a developed person.

Satipatthana is contemplation of the body in the body 1 \...
contemplation of feelings in all feelings 1 \... contemplation of the
mind in the mind 1 \... contemplation of the dharmas in the dharmas 1
etc. Being mindful, therefore, it is called being free from craving,
being mindful at all times. \[110\] The words wisdom, wisdom,
knowledgeable action, choice, etc., non-delusion, discrimination.
Approved wisdom is called sangkha, in deeds as sangkha nipphuto bhikkhu.
The word \"know\" means \"knowing\", \"comparing\", \"considering\",
\"considerable\", and prospering. It has been notified, that is, known
... All sankharas are impermanent ... All sankharas are suffering ...
All dhammas are selfless ... Because ignorance is a factor, there are
sankharas, etc. Any thing is occur normally the whole thing There is a
natural extinction. one more thing I know... I have made it clear by
being an impermanent... suffering... a disease ... a ghost's head ... an
arrow, etc. without There may be a ruse of the device. The word is
extinguished means the name is extinguished. For he is the one who
extinguishes all lust, all anger, all delusions, all defilements, all
defilements, all anxiety, all ardor, all affliction. All auspiciousness.
The word bhikkhu means the name of a bhikkhu because he destroys the
seven dharmas, etc. That bhikkhu ... has reached the end of the holy
life. There is a new world, therefore it is called a bhikkhu... Knowing
it has passed away. \[111\] The word vatsa in the word \"tassanosantii\"
jita means that an arahat is not shaken by lust, that is, the trembling
of lust. Anxiety because of views anxiety due to passion Anxiety because
of karma. The trepidation of these monks is indifferent, that is, they
do not appear, are not visible to that monk, that monk\'s trepidation is
abandoned and cut off. After being calmed, it cannot be born again. It
is burned with the fire of wisdom, therefore it is called a bhikkhu who
is not shaken. \[112\] The word supreme in the upheath means \"so
uphantamphi mai mahjemantƒÅ na limpati\", meaning that phassa is the
culmination. one Cause of contact is the second extremity, extinction of
contact is in the middle, the past is the extremity. The future is the
second, the present is in the middle, and the pleasure is the one.
Suffering is the second end. Amidst all the bitterness and sorrow The
name is the last part. The figure is the second end. The soul is the
middle, the 6 inner senses are the one end, the 6 outer senses are the
two outer senses. Wisdom is in the midst of sacraments. one end causing
Sakaya to be the second most extreme. Extinction is in the middle.
Wisdom, all-knowing, knowledgeable action, etc., non-delusion, decency,
and right wisdom are called manta. Clinging to Ditthi 1 is called Lepa.
What is clinging to craving? Boundaries, boundaries, boundaries,
decrees, cherishes, clinging, by the lust, this is mine, this is mine,
this is mine.

Approximately this is our shape, sound, smell, taste, sniffing, cloth,
painting, slaves, goats, sheep, chickens, pigs, elephants, cows, horses,
donkeys, rice fields, land, money, gold, Ban Nikhom, Ratchathani, Va.
Until the rural districts of our rice treasury, the person seizing take
the whole earth as belonging We too are capable of lust. And this 108
lust perversion is the addiction of lust. Why is addiction because of
Ditthi? Sakkaya ditthi has 20 objects, mica-ditthi has ten objects,
Antakahik-ditthi has ten objects, views, rakhat is ditthi. The
wilderness is Ditthi The thorn is the view Sufficiency is view,
contention is view, stubbornness, clinging, caressing, wrong way, wrong
way, wrong doctrine. guilt-seeking perversion How much ditthi 62 this is
a clinging because of the view. both ends and in the middle With wisdom,
it is not attached. That a monk is more knowledgeable, knows, compares,
considers, develops, makes it clear. which the last two and In the midst
of wisdom, he is not trapped, that is, he does not enter, does not
apply, does not become contaminated, goes out, gives up, is freed. After
all, there is mind, without boundaries, therefore it is called a bhikkhu
who knows the best. both extremes and amid wisdom, it is not stuck.
\[113\] The word tam prumi mahapuriso means that we can call the The
supreme ruler saw the law that a bhikkhu was a great man, a great man, a
supreme man, a supreme man, a presiding man, a noble man, a noble man.
Venerable Sariputra asked the Blessed One: Venerable sir, he said: Great
man. For what reason is a person a great man? The Blessed One replied,
\"Look, Sariputra, I say that he is a great man, because he has a
liberated mind. We do not say that He is a great man because he is a
believer. Well, Sariputra, how does a bhikkhu have a mind freed? Here,
Sariputra, a bhikkhu dwells contemplating the body as the body
internally, ardent, clearly comprehending, mindful, removing
covetousness and displeasure in the world, when he contemplates the body
in the The body is at peace, the mind is relaxed Freed from all taints
due to lack of clinging, a bhikkhu contemplates feeling in all feelings
\... in mind \... contemplating the Dhamma. In all the dharmas, ardor,
comprehension, and mindfulness, eliminating covetousness and displeasure
in the world, when the bhikkhu contemplates the dharmas in the dharmas,
his mind is calm. liberated from taint All because of not clinging.
Look, Sariputra, a bhikkhu is such a liberated mind. Lord Sariputra, I
say that he is a great man, because he has a freed mind. We do not say
that he is a great man, because he is a believer, therefore he says, \"I
would call that monk great man\". \[114\] The term bhikkhu has passed on
from this world\'s lust which is lust, lust, lust, lust, etc., Abhijha
lobha and unwholesome foundation say lust which is The lust, which is
sewn, which a monk has left, is cut off, is calmed, has ceased, may not
arise again, has been burned. fire is spirit That bhikkhu has passed,
that is, has gone in, has passed.

which the lust that is sewn is gone; therefore the bhikkhu is said to
have passed away, the lust that is sewing machine in this world; because
of that The Blessed One said, A bhikkhu is virtuous in sensual
pleasures, free from craving, fully aware, quenched, free of trembling.
That monk, knowing the two extremes and amidst wisdom, is not attached
to it. I call that monk a great man. . That monk has passed away. which
lust is the staple in this world. \[115\] With the end of the spell, the
Dharma Eye (Sodapattimaga), free from dust, without blemish, has arisen
to thousands of gods and humans. joint proxies have common sentences
have common intentions There is a practice of ascendancy together with
that Brahman Tissamettaya, that anything has a natural occurrence, that
all things are perfect. to be normal. And the mind of Tissameteya
brahmins are freed from all taints because they are not clinging. Tiger
skins, chadas, filter cloths, walking sticks, scavengers, hair and
mustaches of Tissmetaya Brahman have disappeared. Along with the
attainment of Arahat. Tissamettaya, a brahmin is a monk who holds a
robe, a monk, a monk, a monk, a monk, and a robe. people sat in
communion with Anchalee, worshiping the Blessed One, proclaiming: The
Blessed One is my teacher. I am a disciple as follows: Nittas Concerning
Mr. Punnaka\'s problems \[116\] (Punnaka asked the following questions)
I wish to with problems therefore came to watch over the Lord no lust
Wai who sees the foundation. Human hermit, the King. And what do many
brahmins in this world rely on, seeking a sacrifice for the devas? I,
the Blessed One I would like to ask that question. Please tell me the
problem That\'s for me. \[117\] The word, one who has no desire to be
shaken, one who sees the truth, means lust, lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha,
lobha, and kusala-mullah. The trembling lust, the Enlightened One, has
abandoned it, has cut off its roots. Why is there a location like a palm
stump? because of that The Buddha then said that he had no trepidation.
The Blessed One\'s name is Anesha. because he had given up his lust
would not care because of wealth, even because of degradation, even
because of rank, even because of disgrace

even because of praise Even because of gossip, even because of
happiness, even because of suffering \... not shaken, not shaken, not
shaken, therefore it is called Anesha. The Blessed One sees the root,
that is, He sees causes, He sees stories, He sees the Solemnity, He sees
the place, He sees food, He sees emotions. He saw the factors He saw
Samuthai. 1 hatred of kusala mound, 1 ruthless lord of kusala.
realistically according to the Buddha\'s words, the Buddha said: look at
the monks The cause of the occurrence of these three things is greed,
hatred, and moha. It does not appear because kamma is born of greed,
because kamma is born of hatred, because kamma is born of hatred.
Indeed, bhikkhus, hell, the birth of beings, any kind of pittivism, or
any other form of vice, is manifested because kamma is born of greed,
because karma is born of greed. angry Because karma is born of delusion.
These three unwholesome foundations are for the birth of existence, in
hell, in the birth of beasts. In the pleasure. The Blessed One saw this
as follows. The Exalted One, the *Blessed One sees the truth, etc. He
sees Samutaya. Even in this way. Three kinds of wholesome foundations
are: Alobha-kusala-mun 1. Athosa-kusala-mun 1. Amoha-kusala-mun 1. True
to the Buddha\'s words. these three wholesome foundations, etc., O
monks, is hell is the birth of beasts? Any kind of attitude, even the
other, will not appear because Karma is born from greed because karma
arises from anger because karma is born of ignorance. look at the monks
Indeed, angels, human beings, or criticize one or the other It appears
because karma is born of non-greed. because of karma but the anger
because of karma is born of ignorance. These three virtues are for
birth. of the self in gods and in humans. The Blessed One sees this
Blessed One He saw Mulu, etc. He saw Samudaya even in this way. and
realistic according to the Buddha\'s words, the Buddha said: Monks, any
dharma that is unwholesome as a charity are unwholesome, all dharmas are
ignorant, ignorant as the foundation, ignorant as a group, ignorant The
Arahatship of the Path is defined as total revocation* . in this way.
Monks, any dharma that is wholesome, is wholesome, is whole. There is a
fundamental negligence. There is negligence as a whole. carelessness The
graduate said it was the pinnacle of those virtues. The Blessed One saw
this as follows. The Blessed One sees the truth, etc. He sees Samudaya
even in this way. one more thing The Blessed One sees that avijja is the
foundation of sankhara sankhara. is the foundation of the spirit The
spirit is the foundation of name and form. Form name is the foundation
of Salayatana. Salayatana- \*It is the foundation of touch. Touch is the
foundation of feeling, the foundation of lust, the foundation of lust.

Prejudice is the foundation of the world, the world is the foundation of
the nation, the nation is the foundation of aging and death. Blessed One
The Lord knows and sees as follows. The Blessed One sees the foundation,
etc. He sees Samutaya. even in this way. Look at the Dharma monks. one
that is unkind as a charity be a charity all dharma have ignorance as
the foundation There is ignorance as a place of ignorance. Arahatship
means all revocation *. because he saw the story, saw Sompop Even in
this way he sees, food sees emotions, he sees things, he sees Samudaya
even in this way, hence the name He does not waver, He sees the root.
Iti in the description of ijayasma punnako is the junction. The word
ayasma is a saying of love. The word Punnako is the name of that
brahmin. \[118\] I have a need So I came to watch. I have a need with a
problem, so I came to watch. to ask questions, therefore come to watch;
The problem is therefore to be monitored. Even in this way. one more
thing That we all want to ask questions is that we want to Listening to
the problem, they come and watch, that is, come and watch, come close,
sit close, therefore, it is called \"I am the one\". want with wisdom
and therefore came to watch even in this way. He was the one who was
supposed to speak, was able to speak, to show, to clarify. he asked,
therefore it is called that I have a need The problem is therefore to be
monitored. Even for this reason. \[119\] The word khunissita in the
language of khunissita isyo manucha means to dwell in hope, to bond, to
come near, to entangle in anything. Any group of people is called a
hermit, that is, a person who is ordained as a hermit, a profession, a
nikarna, a jadil, a sword, is called Isyo. The Lord Buddha called on the
man Therefore, the human hermit is called what? \[120\] one of these
monarchs born The name of the king in the word \"khattiya brahmana
devatana\" who is revered and praised as having good words. one hunt His
name is Brahmin. The word Devatanam means that vocational is the deity
of the disciples, nakhiran is the deity of the Nikaras- disciples* .
Craven is the deity of the disciples. Dabas is the deity of the
disciples. Chang is a deity of ascetic practices. The horse is the god
of Assapat behaviours The ox is the deity of the gods. The dog is the
god of deeds, the crows are the deities of the deeds. Vasuthep is the
deity of those who practice Vasutheva. Thao Punnaphat is an angel of

The behavior Punnaphatthaprot Thao Maniphat is the deity of those who
practice Maniphattha Buddha, fire is the deity of those who practice the
Akkitabhatta. Naga is the deity of the ascetic serpents. Garuda is their
deity. behavior The giant is the deity of those who practice the giants.
Demons are their gods. demon behavior Dharma people are gods of those
who practice Gandhupada. Thao Maharaj is a deity. of the conduct of the
Maharajas Chandavabutra is the deity of the people who practice the
Chandraputra. Inthathepputta is the deity of those who practice Indra.
Brahma is the deity of those who practice Brahma. The gods are the gods
of those who practice the ascetic deities. All directions are gods of
those who practice the ascetic direction. The Buddha, a person who is
worthy of the Thai Dharma of any people, is the deity of those people.
Therefore, it is called the King \... Brahmin. I ... all the gods.
\[121\] Thai Dharma, i.e. Javi, alms, Senasana, Kilanphachai, medicine,
rice, water, cloth, cloth, flowers, perfumes, perfumes, mattresses,
lodgings, lamps. It is called Yaya in the language \"Yamakappusu pududha
loke\". The word seek and sign means that no matter what people
Searching for, searching for, searching for, searching for. Even those
people are called the Seekers. Even those who manage the money are robes
... lamps. Even those people are called sacrificing sacrifices. Even
those who give sacrifices, give sacrifices, that is, robes \... lamps,
even those That is called seeking Yahweh . The worshipers were many. Or
the monks, that person is many. How many of those grains are there? A
lot of those robes are the robes ... The lamps are so many. How is the
sacrifice so much? The worshipers were many: Kings, Brahmins, Pais,
Sutras, Kruhats, Banphachits, Devas, and Humans. Worshipers are like
this. Or how much is that person\'s Dakkhina? That person is very much a
monk, namely a monk, a brahmin, a Yak, a Vanipak, a disciple or a
Dakkhina. The word in this world is in the human world, therefore it is
called much in this world ... seek and suffer. \[122\] There are three
types of asking: Aditthachotanapucha 1 Ditthasangsantanapucha 1
Vimichadenapucha 1 named Cha Pucha Mi tam bhagava phruhi me tam\". What
is Aditthachotanapucca? Characteristics unknown, not seen, not
comparable, not considered, not disclosed, not present. Usually, a
person asks questions to know, to see, to compare, to consider, to
determine. need to be notified in order to It appears that that
characteristic is called Aditthachotanapucha. What is
Ditthasangsanthanapucha? Perceiving, seeing, comparing, discerning,
appearing, usually, a small person asks a question. To have a
conversation with other graduates named Thittasang- \*Santanapucha. What
is the reason for the resolution? the person leads to suspicion Doubts
have a dual heart, is this the case? Is this not the case? Why is this?

However, usually a person asks a question in order to cut down. This
suspicion is called Vaj. Wimitchadhana Pucha. These three buttons. The
other three buttons are Manussapucha 1 Manussa Pucha 1 Nimmit Pucha 1.
What is Manussa Pucha? People, having approached the Enlightened One,
asked questions of the monks ... nuns ... laymen ... laymen ... kings
... k. Kings \... Brahmins \... Sects \... Sutras \... Lays\... Priests
approach the Enlightened One. then He asked this question called Manussa
problem. What is Manuspucha? Human beings, having gone to look at the
Blessed One, ask questions about the Nagas ... Garuda ... Giants ...
Demons ... Sacred people ... Dare. Lords \... Indra \... Brahma \...
Devas have approached the Blessed One. He asked the question. This is
called Anussapa. Why is Nimmitcha? which is accomplished with the will
All parts of the body are organic and incomplete, and the Buddha\'s
vision has gone to look at the Enlightened One and ask questions. This
is the name of the Blessed One who has insight. This is called Nimmit
Pucha. These three key questions are: asking questions for the benefit
of others, asking for the benefit of others, and asking questions. The
two benefits 1. Three other key questions, namely asking about the
benefit, 1 asking about the sappraikattha- \*benefits, 1 asking about
Paramattha benefits 1. Three other questions are: asking about the
meaning of the blameless No defilements 1. Asking about the pure
substance 1. The other three questions are to ask about the The past 1
Asking about the future 1 Asking about Current affairs 1. Three more
questions are: asking about internal matters; 1 asking about external
matters; 1. asking about internal and external matters; 1. asking
questions about charity Awkala 1, asking about Upayakrit 1. 3 other
questions: asking about Khans 1 Asking about elements 1 Asking about
Ayatana 1. Asking about 3 things which are Satipatthana Asking about
samadhana 1 Asking about power 1. Asking questions about organics 1
Asking about physical fitness 1 Asking about Bojjong 1. 3 other keys
That is, asking about the path, asking about the results, asking about
the

Nirvana 1. The word \"I would like to ask a question\" means \"I ask a
question\", that is, to ask, ask, invite, or ask a question. m Ask him
to hear Tell me the problem, therefore it is called I ask the question.
This bhagava is a respectful speech, etc. This bhagava is a commandment
truth, the word lord please speak to me the problem. The word means, ask
the Lord to hear \... Let the Lord declare. Therefore, it is called, O
Lord. I would like to ask you that problem, may you tell me that
problem. because of that Then the brahmin said: I have a wish with a
problem. So they came to look after him, who is not shaken, who is
observant of the foundations. Depends on what world many hermits, kings,
and brahmins in this world, they seek the sacrifice for him. e angels I,
the Blessed One I would like to ask that problem. Please tell me that
problem. \[123\] (The Blessed One said (Dukorpunnaka) Hermits, humans,
kings, brahmins, any of these are the many in this world. They sought
the blessings of all the gods. In this world many hermits, hermits,
kings, and brahmins, in this world, cherish this kind of existence,
dependent on old age, so they seek To all the gods. \[124\] The word
Yekejime in the word \"Yekezime Isyo Manucha\" thus means that all, by
all means, by all means, by all means, without remaining part uh The
word Yeke Jimei This is an all-inclusive device. Any group of people are
called hermits, that is, those who are ordained as hermits, nikarnat,
Chadil Dabs, are called hermits. The Blessed One calls human beings
Manucha. The name of the human hermit ... one of these. The Blessed One
called that Brahmana by the name of Punnaka. This Bhagava is a
respectful sign, etc. This Bhagava is the the truth of the law,
therefore it is called the Blessed One. Raphakh said that he looked at
Karpunnaka. \[125\] one of these monarchs born The name of the king in
the word \"Khattiya Brahmana Devatana\". Those who are praised and
praised for what words they have progressed. one of them The name
Brahman, the word deva, means that the vocation is the deity of the
vocational disciples, etc., all directions are the deities of those who
practice the divinity, the Dakkhina, the worthy person. Thai morality of
any people He is the deity of those people, therefore he is called a
king and a brahmin \... to all the devas.

\[126\] Thai Dharma is Jawee \... Lantern You call jayan in the language
of makappusu puthudha loke. The word seek, which signifies the word,
regardless of any people. The seeker, seeks, seeks, seeks, is the robe
... the lamp Even those people are called apostasy. The word many is
that those grains are many. The worshipers were many. or that person is
very How many of those grains? Etc., or a very personable monk like
this. The word in this world is in the world of mankind, therefore it is
called much in this world ... seek and suffer. \[127\] The word
azusamana in the context of azusamana punnaka itthata means \"hope\"
means to hope for form, hope for sound, hope for smell, hope for hope.
Ros Wang Dai Cha, Phatpha, wishing for a child, hoping for a wife,
hoping for a wife. Rip Wang can gain the rank, hope for greatness, hope
for the existence of a great royal family. hopes to obtain a status in a
great Brahmin family hopes to have a status in the family of a great
householder hope for self in the Jatu Maharajika Hope for self-image in
Daowadung angels hopes to gain identity in the Dusit deities hopes to
gain identity in the Nimmanoradee deities hope for self in \[128\] The
word charam sita in the word charam sita ya makkappusu means living with
old age, relying on parasites, relying on death, relying on soka,
parideva, suffering, sadness. Upayas, these people seek pilgrimage to
the devas, because through life or living, the nation seeks pity in the
devas. Seek sacrifices in the angels because of old age or that in old
age, he seeks sacrifices in angels Seek the sanctity in the devas
because of the sympathy, or by the worm Seek sacrifices in the angels
because of death or that by death he seeks sacrifices in the gods Seek
sacrifices in the angels By relying on soka, parideva, suffering,
sorrow, and upayas, or by relying on soka, parideva, suffering, sorrow,
and upayas, they seek grievances in the gods. Seek sacrifices in the
angels because of the attitude or by virtue of the motto, he seeks
sacrifices in angels, seeks sacrifices in angels because of the
auspiciousness or by virtue that he seeks sacrifices in angels Seek
sacrifices in the angels because of fertilization or that by
fertilization, he seeks sacrifices in the deities Seeking sacrifices in
the devas because of the world, or by relying on the world or by taking
pity he seeks sacrifices in angels Seek sacrifices in the angels because
of the cycle Or, by means of life, he seeks for the devas, desires,
entangles, reaches, is attracted to, hence is called old age and seeks
wisdom. The Blessed One said, "Many of these hermits, humans, kings, and
brahmins in this world seek salvation for the devas. Behold, Punnaka,
hermits, humans, kings, and brahmins, there are many in this world. I
hope this is the case. Living in old age, he seeks the blessings of the
gods. \[129\] (Punnaka asked:) Any of these human beings, kings and
brahmins, there are many in this world who have sought expiation To all
the gods. I

Blessed One Those sacrificial sacrifices were not heedless. In the
sacrificial way, had they crossed the old age? Lord, I would like to ask
that question. Please tell me the problem. \[130\] The word Yeke Jime in
the words Yeke Jime Isyo Manucha, etc. The word Kakchisu te bhagava y
pathe appamatta means asking. To cut off doubt, to ask, to cut off
skepticism, to cut off sympathy, into two questions that are not one
part of this. or not like this, why or how is this, therefore it is
called some? Sacrifice. The word sahava is said to be respectful, etc.
This supreme supreme being is the law of truth, therefore it is called,
O Lord, people, people. Is that ... or something. The word negligence is
in the way of spirituality, that is what you say about the noble path,
the noble path, the path of the gods, the path of the gods, the path of
Brahma. Just as the Brahma way, that is the vow, he said, so so is the
vow. The word not underestimated means to not be careless, which means
doing things with respect, contacting them without stopping, having
uncompromising behavior. do not give up, do not give up, do not do
business in the sacrificial way much is in that way heavy in the
spiritual path transferred in that way inclined towards that path
complacent in that way is the great way, therefore it is called
recklessness in the journey. Even those who seek, seek, seek, seek,
seek, robe, \... lamp who act with respect, etc., having such a great
path, even though they are heedless in the way. Even those people who
manage their robes are robes ... even those is a person who is not
negligent in any way. Even those people who are willing to give, to
worship, to donate, the robe is the robe \... even if they are careless
in the sacrificial way, hence the name. that I, the Blessed One those
worshipers Not negligent in the way of \... or something. \'Jamaris\'
means that those sacrificial worshipers have crossed over, that is, they
have crossed up, have crossed over, and have stepped. Gone is the death
of birth, old age and death. The word maris is a symbol of love, a
symbol of respect. This Maris is a sign. to go with respect and
reverence, therefore it is called O Lord, the Immortal Lord. those
worshipers has crossed over the life and old age. \[132\] The word
\"Puchami tam\" in the word \"Puchami ta bhagava phruhi me tam\",
therefore, I would like to ask, that is, I beseech you. Have mercy,
please speak to me the problem, therefore it is called that I ask that
question, the word Bhagava. Speak with respect, etc. This supreme
supreme is the truth of the commandment. The word pruhi me means ask the
Lord to speak. Please appoint, please disclose, please classify, please
be shallow. proclaim, therefore, my name is

Blessed One I would like to ask that question. Please tell me the
problem. because of that Then said the brahmins, there are many peoples,
kings and brahmins in this world who have sought after the gods. All of
them. O Lord, there is the Blessed One, the sorrowful one. Those
worshipers were not negligent in their sacrifices. Have you crossed over
from birth and old age, O Blessed One? I would like to ask that
question. Ask him to tell me the problem. \[133\] (The Blessed One
replied: \"Dokorn Punnaka) People can hope, admire (love), worship,
live, gain, gain. I like all erotica. We would say that those people
performed sacrifices. Determined by lust in the world, it is not
possible to transmigrate and grow old. \[134\] Asussanti, in the words
astusanti, homyanti, abhijapapanti, chuhanti, thus means that one can
hope for one\'s hopes. The sound of hope, hope, hope, hope, hope, hope,
children, hope, wife, treasure, wealth, hope for rank, hope for majesty.
hopes to gain identity in the family The great king can hope A great
existence in a Brahmin family hopes to gain a status in a great
householder family. hopes to obtain existence in gods of the Taurus
people, etc.; hopes, is willing, desires to love, and gains existence in
the deities that are counted among the Brahma; therefore, it is called
Hope. commendation means commending some, commending some, commending
some, commending some people. How to be commended? To praise, to praise,
to describe, to praise, that we give what we love, we give what we give.
Our hearts give the exquisite things, we give the things that are
worthy, we choose, we give the blameless things, we often give when we
are giving. The mind is revered and admired like this. How do you
appreciate the result? Praise and praise that because of this spirit is
the cause, the form will be obtained \... will obtain existence in the
royal family, etc. Which is counted because the Brahma group admires
results like this. How to commiserate, glorify, describe, glorify,
glorify, glorify, glorify, glorify, glorify, glorify, glorify, glorify,
glorify, glorify, glorify, glorify, be The master of the mantra
completed the Tripitaka together with the Nighana scriptures. Maths and
Ketu is a type of character, and it is the fifth place in the Etihas
script. is a person who understands the text understand grammar
proficient in the Bible The worlds and the texts foretelling the
characteristics of the great man Some people are free from sensuality.
Practice to get rid of some sensuality. Some people are free from anger.
Practice to get rid of some anger Some people are free from arrogance.
Practice to get rid of some delusions, to be ready with faith, morality,
concentration, wisdom, vimuti, vimuttinyanadassana, who appreciates such
a person, hence the name Saiya. Amahuang is appreciated. The word
Abhichapanti means that one likes forming, likes to touch, likes to be
acquired.

Being in the family of great kings, etc., likes to have a presence among
the deities who are counted among the Brahma, hence the name. Chuhanti
means sacrificing, surrendering, surrendering. Yom Chom Yom likes Yom
Chom worship. The word Punnakati Bhagava means the Blessed One. He
called that Brahmana by the name of Punnaka. The word Bhagava was a
respectful sign, therefore it was called the Buddha. Rabhaksa replied,
\"Look, Punnaka. \[135\] The word that based on wealth is loved by all
sensual pleasures, it means that by maturity, one enjoys all sensual
pleasures. etc., by obtaining the self in the deities who are counted
among the Brahmas, that is, is willing to desire all sensual pleasures,
therefore it is called dependent on good fortune. I like all erotica.
\[136\] The word te in the word \"te yachyokha bhavarakartta natsu
jatcharonti prumi\" is as follows: sacrificial person. The word Yashyoga
means: Companion, comprising, comprising all things well in all
offerings, i.e. conducting worship. much in worship heavy in worship,
leaning on worship, transferred in worship inclined to worship willing
to worship There is a great worship, therefore they are called people
who engage in those sacrifices. The word Bhavaragatta means that craving
is called bhavaraga (again), contentment in existence, desire in
existence. Pleasure in the world, lust in the world, lust in the world,
thirst in the world, lust in the world. obsession with the world
Obsession in all worlds is called vaba bhavara. Those sacrificial
offerings are obsessed, enthralled, enthralled, immersed in, connected
with, entangled in the world. all by the desire of the world, therefore
they are called those who worship included in worship Congratulations
with Bhavaraka. The word natsuchatcharantipruma means that we are
willing to say, to show, to decree, to appoint, to appoint. open,
categorize, shallow declares that those sacrificial worshipers are
involved in worship It is determined by bhavƒÅraga. It does not cross,
that is, it does not jump up, it does not go beyond it, it does not go
over it. is the one who does not pass away, does not pass away, does not
pass away from birth, old age and death. The circle resides within
birth, old age, and death, revolves within the path of compassion. being
a national aging Parasites dominate, pounding death, no resistance.
There is no hidden place. There is nothing public. There is nothing to
depend on. Therefore, it is called. those worshipers included in worship
Congratulations Not able to get past birth, old age and death. because
of that Then the Blessed One said, \"Dokorn Punnaka, people will hope,
they will appreciate it.\"

Worshiping, relying on wealth, enjoying all sensual pleasures. I say
that those people have performed sacrifices by lust for existence. Not
able to cross the nation and get old. \[137\] (Punnaka asked:) O Lord,
the immortal If those people consists of worship with all signs Not able
to cross the nation and get old. O Lord, the immortal, when it is thus
now, who in the worlds and mankind Has crossed over nationality and is
old. Lord Blessed One, I would like to ask that question. Ask him to
hear tell me that problem. \[138\] The word te jenat su yachyoga means
that those sacrifices are engaged in veneration. Then, by lust in the
world, it does not cross, that is, it does not jump up, it does not go
beyond it, it does not go over it. is the one who does not depart, does
not pass away, does not pass away, does not pass away from birth, aging
and death. It resides within birth and death; revels within the path of
sympathy. being a national Old and stricken, parasitic, dead, pounding,
no resistance. There is no hidden place. There is nothing public. There
is nothing as a refuge, therefore it is called that if those people
engage in worship, they do not cross. jasma punnako is a chapter, etc.,
Punnaka. The multitude of grievances is with different kinds of
grievances, with many grievances. The word Maris is a symbol of love. It
is said with respect. This word maris is said to go with respect and
reverence, therefore it is called jehichat jacharjamaris. \[ 140\] Atha
kocarahi devamanussloke atari chajchacharcha maris means Who, then, in
the world, with the gods and the Brahma worlds? among the beasts, along
with the brahmins Gods and humans have crossed, that is, they have
crossed up, they have crossed over, they have passed, old age and death?
The word Maris is a symbol of love. It is said with respect. This word
Maris is spoken with reverence, therefore it is called My Lord. The
sorrowful. So now, who in the worlds and the human world? Have crossed
the nation and become old? \[141\] The word pujami tam bhagava pruhi me
tam means that I ask this question, that is, beseeching, inviting,
enlightening. find that. Please tell me the problem That\'s for me.
Therefore, it is called that I ask that question.

The word bhakva is a sign of respect, etc. This bhakva is a commandment
truth. Saying, Lord, tell me that problem. to me, saying, Lord, speak
\... let me proclaim, therefore it is called, O Lord, I ask you that
problem. Please tell me the problem. because of that Then the brahmin
said: O Lord of sorrow If those people engage in all the sacrifices Not
able to cross the nation and get old. O Lord of the sorrows when as
follows Who in the worlds and mankind has transmigrated and aged? I, the
Blessed One I would like to ask that problem. Please tell me that
problem. \[142\] (The Blessed One replied: \"Dokorn Punnaka) I would
say: No trembling in any world does not belong to any Arahant Kina,
because he knows this side and the other. Day without suffering, without
hope, has crossed over life and old age. \[143\] Wisdom, wisdom,
universal knowledge, etc., non-delusion, altruism, right-mindedness.
Said Sangkha in the upheath, \"Sangkha, Loksamme Paroprani\". The word
paraprani means that the world of mankind has spoken on this side. The
world said that on the other side, Kama that said this side, Rapu
Elemental and non-formal elements say that on the other side.
Kama-element, form-element say this side. SongkƒÅloksamƒÅ‡∏õƒÅ‡πÇ‡∏£ƒÅƒÅƒÅƒÅƒÅa means
knowing, knowing, comparing, contemplating, clarifying, making manifest
on this side and that side. By being impermanent, suffering, diseased,
as an abscess, as an arrow, etc., without any intrigue to shake off,
therefore it is called because Know that side and this side of the
world. The word Punnakati Bhagava means that the Blessed One calls that
Brahmana by the name of Punnaka. This Bhagava is Speaks with respect,
etc., the word Bhagava is the law of truth, therefore he said: The
Blessed One said: Look at Punnaka. chitanatthikuhi Jiloke\" as follows:
Arahant Chitam is the trembling of lust, the trembling of view. anxiety
due to passion Anxiety because of coming There is no trepidation because
of karma, such trepidation, that is, it is not visible to the Arahant
Kni. What kind of behavior is anxiety?

These are the Arahants, which have been abandoned, cut off, settled,
settled, thus preventing their emergence, and have been burned with the
fire of wisdom. Where does the word kuhichi mean any place, internally
or externally? Both inside and outside. The word loke means in the evil
world, etc., in the sense of the world. It does not belong to any
Arahant Khina. \[145\] The word Santo in the Uthes is \"Santo vithumo
aniko nari raso atari so jatcharanti prumi\" as follows: the name is san
Ta, because he is calmed in lust, calmed by anger, calmed by delusions,
is called calm, that is, he has calmed himself, has ceased, has ceased,
has ceased only because he is Those who have calmed, come to peace, come
to rest, then burn and extinguish. and without and then suspend Only
then is anger, anger, negligence, equality, jealousy, stinginess,
deceit, and greed. Measure hardness, good competition, drunkenness,
negligence, all passions. all corrupt all the restlessness All ardor,
all affliction, all Agusala- \*All Bhisankharas, therefore it is called
peace. The word Vithumo means a corrupt body, a corrupt mind, which the
Arahants have removed, removed and dried up. It has ended. Lust, hatred,
delusion, anger ... carelessness, all defilements ... all aggression.
which the arahants have removed, removed, dried up has ended. Again,
your anger is said to be like smoke. Look at the Brahmins, your anger is
like a porter, your anger is like smoke. There are lies like ashes.
having a tongue like a ladle The hearts of all beings like your place of
worship The well-trained self is the birth of a man. Moreover, anger
arises with ten symptoms, namely, anger arises from the will of man.
Over there has done something that is of no benefit to me, that person
has done that which is of no benefit to me. will do things that are of
no benefit to us. Benefit to one of our beloved and beloved persons.
behave in a way that is not useful To one of our loved ones will do
things that are of no benefit to that person. My beloved one has done
what is of benefit to our unloved One who is doing what is beneficial to
us. To one who is unloved to our liking, that one will do what is
beneficial to one who is unloved to his liking. We, 1. On the other
hand, anger arises as an undesirable position, greed, hostility,
resentment, retaliation, resentment, general indignation. always
resentment, always hatred, always hatred, always hatred

vengeful spirit malice of heart, anger, angry expression, anger, hatred
behavior, hatred, vengeance, vengeful behavior. vindictiveness, wrath,
resentment, fierceness evil speech This dissatisfaction of the mind is
called anger. Also, be aware that much anger, less anger, anger is only
clouding the mind at times, but not yet. to have a slanted face Anger is
only causing the face to frown, at times it does, but not to the
trembling of the chin. Anger was only causing the chin to tremble at
times, but it did not even erupt. Anger is only a blast at times. but
not yet Look in different directions. Anger is only causing Liao Tu. At
other times, there are, but not yet. to the grip of the logs and the
science. Anger is only causing the sticks and the sword to be caught
sometimes. but not yet reached the height of the tree and the sacrament.
Anger is only causing the rod and the sword at times to exist, but not
to the point of hitting. Anger is only a blow at times. But not yet torn
into a wound. Anger is only a tear, sometimes a wound. but not to be
broken, to be broken. Anger is only to be broken. Anger is only the
movement of the lesion, at times it does. But it does not extinguish
life. Anger is only extinguishing life at times. But it\'s not about
giving up all the organ donations. When anger kills another person and
then kills oneself, then anger means being. anger to the greatest anger
By this manner, that anger, which an *arahant, abandoned, cut off,
calmed, suppressed, causing it to arise again, was burned with fire. is
wisdom The Arahant Khinasop Called the eliminator of passion just like
smoke. An Arahant* Khina is named Vithuma because he is the one who
abandons his anger. because he is the one who determines the object of
anger, because he is the one who cuts off the cause of anger, therefore
it is called Vidhamu. that sensuality is suffering wrath is suffering
Depression is suffering, anger is suffering, anger is suffering, etc.
All evil is suffering. Those afflictions, which the Arahant Kina can
leave ... have been burned with the fire of wisdom. An Arahant Khina is
called the one without suffering. The word without hope means that lust
is called hope, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha, lobha-akusala-malu, is
called hope. Yes, it can be burned with fire. An Arahant Khina is called
a person without hope. The birth, the ready, the descent, the birth, the
specific birth, the appearance of the aggregates. the uniqueness of all
senses among the animals of those animals is called Nation. Aging,
decay, being a person with broken teeth. gray hair wrinkled skin aging
All organic aging among the animals of such beasts is called old age.

The word Santo Vithumo Aniko Niraso Atari So Chat Charanti Prumi means
that we say ... An Arahant Kina is calm, eliminating defilements just as
smoke, no suffering, and no hope. The Arahant Khina has crossed, has
crossed, has crossed, has passed, has passed through birth, old age, and
death. Therefore, it is called that we say that the Arahant *Khinasaba
is the one who is at peace, eliminating defilements just as smoke,
without suffering, without hope. has crossed over birth and old age.
Because of that The Blessed One said, We would say that The trepidation
in any world does not belong to any arahant who knows this side and the
other side. Smoke, no suffering, no hope. has crossed over the life and
old age. Along with the end of the spell, etc. As a monk wearing a robe
as a monk, monks, alms bowl and robe, sat communion with Anchalee,
worshiping* the *Blessed One, proclaiming that I* The Blessed One is my
teacher. I am a disciple, therefore. End Punnakamanavakhana Nittassa No.
3. ----------- Mettakhana khana. test Concerning the problems of Than
Mettakhu \[146\] (Than Mettakhu asked:) O Lord, I would like to ask that
question. Ask him to address the problem. to me. I, in short, that you
are the sorcerer of the magic. There is a person who has developed.
Suffering is of many kinds. any one of these in the world Where was it
born? \[147\] There are three kinds of asking: Adit‚Ç¨chotanapuca 1
Ditthasantanapuca 1 Vimichadenapuca 1 etc (as in verse 122) hence the
name. Lord, the Blessed One I would like to ask that question. Please
tell me the problem. The word Iti in the euphemism ijjasma medtkhu is a
connection word, etc., named ijjasma medtkhu. \[148\] The word m m m tam
vedkuÔúõ bhavittam means that I am important to You. that the cultivators
of important spells which he said had a trained I am important Knows,
knows all He is enlightened, enlightened, enlightened, and stabbed all
the time. There is a person who has developed. Well, how did the Blessed
One complete the Vedic? Wisdom, Wisdom, Wisdom, Wisdom

Dhammavaci Yasamphojga, Vimangsa, Vipassana, Sammaditthi is called Veda.
The Exalted One, the Exalted One, the Exalted One He attains the
uttermost, the uttermost, the uttermost, and the uttermost. The end of
life, old age and death, has reached resistance. He attained resistance
He reached the secret place He reached the secret place He reached the
refuge He attained to the amazed He attained the freedom achieve
immobility He reached immortality. He attained immortality, attained
nirvana, attained nirvana by means of those spells. one more thing The
Blessed One has reached the end of all Vedas, hence the name Vedic. one
more thing The Blessed One has reached the end with all Vedas, hence the
name Vedic. one more thing The Exalted One is called Vetaku. Because He
knows the seven things, namely: Ditthi, Vichikicha, Silabbat, Parama,
Raka, Hatred, Moha, Mana, and He knows the unwholesome qualities that
are obscene. which makes me sad to be born in a new world, to be
anxious, to be troubled and miserable It is the place where the nation
continues to age and die. (The Blessed One said: \"Look, Kasbhiya.)
Whoever chooses all those Vedas, those Vedas of recluses and brahmins
exist, that person is free from sensuality. all Having crossed over all
the Vedas, it\'s called Vedic. Blessed One How is there a god to
prosper? The Blessed One has the Body, the Virtue, the Mind, the Wisdom,
the Consciousness, the Righteousness, the Power, the Organic, the
Strength, the Enlightenment, the Path. to prosper Having abandoned the
desires, He has stabbed all the way through the Dhamma. There is a
nirvana which He has made clear. He has established the suffering, He
has abandoned Samutai, He has cultivated the Way, He has made known
Nirodha, He has known the Dharma that should be known, He has
established the Dharma. should determine and know, abandon the dharma
that should be abandoned His Highness should prosper He made it clear
that should be notified. He has very few Dharmas, many Dharmas, deep
Dharmas, uncountable Dharmas, Dharmas, difficult to fathom. very
virtuous like a high sea His Majesty consists of the Kubekkha He had
seen the form with his eyes, was not pleased, had no regrets, was
indifferent, mindful and aware. He had heard the sound with his ears. He
had smelled the ghana, and tasted with the thirst. He was right and
touched with his body. Knowing the Dharma by human mind, he is not
happy, has no regrets, is indifferent, has consciousness. He saw a
pleasing figure. With his eyes, he is not enamored, does not love
anyone. He has not yet given birth to sensuality. He has a fixed body.
Having a stable mind, well lived in the body in good defilements. He saw
that form which was not pleasing to his eye, and was not ashamed. have a
heart that is not offended have a heart that does not deteriorate have a
heart, not vengeful He has a fixed body. constant will live well inside
The passion is over. He had heard a pleasing voice with his ears. He had
smelled a pleasing smell with the killing. His Highness tasted anja.

Satisfied with the monks He was right and touched with satisfaction with
his body. He knows the Dharma- \*Resents that are satisfying with the
Lord\'s Manat, He does not like him, He does not love anyone. He has not
yet given birth to sensuality. He has a fixed body. Having a stable
mind, living well in the inside, having gone through good defilements.
Knowing the Dharma which is not satisfied with Manas not shy have a
heart that is not offended His heart did not shrink. Have no vengeful
heart. He has a fixed body. constant will He is well in the inside, has
passed the magic, is good. He has seen the form with his eyes and has a
fixed body in the form. both likes and dislikes, having a will,
constant, well-being within The magic is over. He had heard the sound
with his ears, and had smelled the smell with the ghast. His Highness
had tasted it. He was right and touched with his body. He had already
known the Dharma by His Majesty. Having a stable body in all dharmas,
both likes and dislikes, has a stable mind. live well inside The magic
is over. He saw the form with the eye, did not love any form. a place of
love He does not hate in the form that is the place of hatred. not lost
in form which is the place of infatuation He is not angry in the form of
anger. He is not intoxicated in any form. a place of intoxication He is
not sorrowful in the form that is the place of sorrow. He had heard the
sound with his ears. He had sniffed the slaughter. Having tasted the
Buddha\'s taste, he was consumed and had to touch his body. He had
already known the Dharma by His Majesty. does not love the Dharma a
place of love He is not offended by the Dharma that is the location of
resentment. not obsessed with dharma which is the place of infatuation
He is not angry with the Dharma, which is the place of anger, He is not
drunk in the Dharma, which is the place of intoxication. He is not
saddened by the dharma which is the site of sorrow. The Exalted One only
sees the form that He sees. It was only He heard in the voice that He
heard. It is only that His Highness knows in the sense that He knows. It
is only He who knows the Dharma that He knows, is not attached to the
form that He sees. in the voice that He heard in the sense of knowing In
the enlightened Dharma, He does not reach, does not dwell, does not get
involved. His Majesty has passed away from the magic. He is not involved
in the form that He sees, having a will that has no boundaries. He did
not have access to ... He was not involved. In the voice that He hears,
in the mind that He knows, in the Dharma that He knows. having a heart
that has no boundaries The Blessed One has the eye, he sees the form
with the eye. but does not have me His mind is wonderful, the Exalted
One has the ear. His Highness listened to his voice. but does not have
me His mind is beyond wonderful. Good. He sniffed the smell of the
killer. but he does not have knowledge, has a great mind The Blessed One
has the taste, tastes the taste, but does not have insight, has a
wonderful mind. The Blessed One has a body. He was right to touch with
his body, but he had no insight. His mind is already wonderful. The
Blessed One has Manat, who knows and enlightens with Manat, but does not
have insight. His mind is gone. It\'s wonderful. The Blessed One
protects, preserves, consolidates the eye pleasing in form, delights in
form, delights in form, and preaches the Dhamma to consolidate that eye,
overwhelms and protects. dominated, preserved, gathered with the
pleasing voice, rejoiced in the voice, overwhelmed, protected,
preserved, gathered the Ghana

He delights in scents, delights in scents, overwhelms, protects,
preserves, delights in tastes, delights in tastes, represses, protects,
preserves, rejoices in the palate. He rejoices in the touch, He
overthrows, He protects, He maintains, He gathers His manhood. rejoicing
in the dharma - *rejoicing in the dharma rejoicing in the dharma and
preaching the dharma Consolidated that mind. The people would bring the
vehicles they had trained to the congregation. The King sat in a vehicle
that was already trained. A trained person is a noble person. Among
human beings, any person can tolerate a word that is too late. That
person is a noble one. Horse Asdara, Horse Achanai, Horse Sinthop, The
Great Elephant is Kunchorn. that he has practiced One who has trained
himself is better than that of Yanamima, Assara, who has been trained,
etc. Everyone should go in a direction they have never been to. with
these vehicles like a person who has trained (With the practice of
organics) Well trained (with the Noble Path) Trained, one will go to a
direction that has never been. The monks are not shaken, because mana is
the one who is freed from defilements. which causes Often born and
attained to a trained bhumi (Arahataphon). Those monks are the winners
of the world. All organic. Whatever monk has developed, the inner
senses, the outer senses, those Having put an end to addiction, the monk
has passed away, that in this world and in all other worlds there is a
Dhamma that has been developed, well trained, and hopes for death. kala.
The word awa bhagava bhavittto means that I am the supreme being in
which the Lord has completed the Veda, has the One who has developed.
\[149\] The word kutonu in the word \"kutonu dukhkha samupakta me\"
means asking with doubt. It was a question with suspicion. It\'s a
two-sided question. not asking The only part that this matter is like
this? Is this the case or not? What\'s the matter? or how? Therefore it
is called but what? Suffering is birth, suffering, old age, pathological
suffering, suffering. Suffering is sorrow, lamentation, sorrow, sorrow,
and despair. Suffering in hell, suffering in the realm, suffering in the
patriarchy, suffering in human beings. Suffering is a stepping stone
into pregnancy. Suffering is inherent in the womb, Suffering is out of
the womb as its basis. Suffering from born animals Suffering is born of
another being. Suffering is born of one\'s perseverance; suffering is
born of one\'s persistence.* Eye disease, ear disease, nose disease,
tongue disease, body disease, head disease, ear disease, mouth disease,
tooth disease, eye disease, *rhinitis* D. Nasal disease, heat stroke in
senile disease, abdominal disease, aseptic disease, red disease, colic,
diarrhea, leprosy, pox, eczema, asthma, epilepsy, scabies, scabies. Joy

Ingredients Diabetes, hemorrhoids, glandular disease, pandemic disease,
and paralysis are good as the baseline. Pathology with sputum as a base
The affliction has the wind as a premise, the affliction is the good and
so on, meeting together. Anxiety is caused by the changing seasons.
Anxiety caused by change The gestures are not consistent, the same is
the result of pain caused by perseverance. Suffering is caused by karma,
cold, heat, hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination,
suffering from mosquitoes, wind, sun, and the touch of a crawling beast.
Mother\'s death is suffering. His father\'s death was suffering. The
death of a brother and sister was suffering. The death of a sister and
sister is suffering, the death of a child is suffering. His daughter\'s
death was suffering. The calamity of relatives is suffering, the
calamity of wealth is suffering, the calamity of morality is suffering.
The calamity of view is suffering. Whatever rupadi dharmas were
initially born, those rupa dharmas appeared. There is an extinction in
the end, it appears. Karma relies on karma, form relies on name, name
relies on form. Names go by life, old age follows, parasites dominate.
death was pounding set in sorrow nothing to resist Nothing is hidden,
nothing is safe. There is nothing to rely on These are called verbal
sorrows. Invite him to confer on the root cause, the story, the origin,
the origin, the food, the mood, the factors, the origin of suffering.
All these afflictions arrived with birth. Appearances are born, only
appear, what is, what is, what is fairy tale, what is Samutai. What is
the birthplace, therefore it is called? Where did these sufferings come
from? \[150\] The word Yekeji in the upheath is \"Yekechi Loksamu
Anekrupa\" means all, by all means. All, in all respects, without
remainder, without remainder, this yegeji is the all-too-common
statement. The word loksam means in the evil world, in the human world,
in the world, in the world, in the world element, in the self-conscious
world. Anekrupa means that all sufferings are Non-nak, that is, there
are various things, therefore it is said that all sufferings are one of
a kind in the world. because of that Then the brahmin said: I, the
Blessed One I would like to ask that question. Please tell me the
problem. I, in short, that you are the sorcerer of the magic. There is a
prosperous one. All sufferings are of many kinds. Where did any of these
people in the world come from? \[151\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Look
at me.) You have asked about the cause of our suffering. As we know it,
I will tell you the cause. All sufferings are of many kinds.

any one in the world Democracy is an accidental cause. \[152\] The word
Dukkhassa in the context of \"Dukkhassa ve ma pabhava apucci\" means the
nation\'s suffering, old age, pathological suffering. Suffering is
sorrow, lamentation, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, therefore it is called
suffering. The word vema pabhava apuchsi means that you ask, invoke,
invite to contemplation of the root cause, the story, the origin, the
place of birth, the food, the mood, the factor, the samutai hae.
suffering for us, therefore it is called You have asked about the cause
of suffering for us. The Blessed One called that Brahman by the name
Mettakhu. The truth is, therefore, it is called the Blessed One. He
replied, \"Dokramettakhu.\" The word \"tante pawakkami\" in the
narrative said, \"Tan. te pavakhami yatha pachanam\" as follows: We will
say \... we will proclaim the foundation of \... the sorrow of suffering
to you. The source of suffering is given to you. The word Yatchanam
means that we know, know all, know, know, know only, how to stab all the
time. will tell you the dharma which we know only for ourselves without
saying They said it as follows, did not say what they had heard. Not
narrated in succession Not narrated by textbook Not narrated based on
speculation Not dictated He does not say according to his symptoms, he
does not say that he agrees with his own doctrine, so it is called How
we know. \[154\] The word Updhi in the Uthea is \"Updhi Nisana,
Paphavanti, Dukkha\" as follows: there are ten kinds of attachments,
namely: tanhupati, ditthupthi, kilesu. Pati, Kammudhi, Ducharitupdhi,
food, upadhi, Patigupthi, Updhi is the 4 elements of attachment, Updhi
is the internal senses, 6 Updhi is the category of spirits, 6 Suffering
is the advent of all beings. because of the view that it is difficult to
bear These are called Updhi. 10. The word dukkha means birth, suffering,
old age, pathological suffering, death, etc. There is nothing as a
refuge. There is nothing to rely on These are called suffering. All of
these have fables. With upadhi as a cause, with updhi as a factor, with
upadhi as a cause, there is, arises, arises, arises, arises, therefore
it is called dukkha. All of you There was a patronage as an incident
occurred. \[155\] The word Yekeji in the upheath is \"Yekechi Loksamu
Anekrupa\" as follows: All, by all means. All, in all respects, without
remainder, without remainder, the word Yegeji is the all-too-common
word. The word loksam means in the evil world, in the human world, in
the world, in the world, in the world element, in the self-conscious
world. The word Anekrupa means that all suffering is absolutely There
are various things, therefore it is said that all sufferings are of many
kinds. any one in the world. The Blessed One said, You have already
asked the cause of our suffering. How we know

Tell him the reason. all suffering There are many types. one in the
world There is a cause It happened. \[156\] Whoever is not a wise man,
who is a wise man, is an ignorant person, who gets into misery often.
You should not act as a person who considers the cause of suffering.
\[157\] The word yo in the upheath is \"Yo ve avidava upthikaroti\" as
follows: King, Brahmin, Pais, Sudragari. Who is a hath, a monk, a deva,
or a human being, what kind, what kind, whatever status, what kind of
dharma. The word avidvƒÅ means ignorance, that is, gone in ignorance,
without insight, without enlightenment, with impure wisdom. Upadhi
karoti means doing tanhu pati ... Updhi is the sixth category of
spirits, which is to bring forth, to be ready, to be born, therefore it
is not known. Act of support. \[158\] The word punppunam dukkhamupeti in
the word \"punppunam dukkhamupeti manto\", thus, the meaning is to
enter. Reaches, reaches, touches, caresses, clings to the misery, old
age, pathological suffering, suffering is sorrow, despair, suffering,
suffering. mind, frequent sorrow, hence it is called access to frequent
suffering. The word Manto means being foolish, that is, one who is
delusional, not a wise person, in ignorance, without wisdom, without
great wisdom. Chong is ignorant. Therefore, he is called a fool, who
often approaches suffering. Chanam upadhi na gajira." Thus, that is the
reason, that is, because of the event, the reason, the story, the person
who sees this penalty in all the upadhi, therefore is called that
reason. The word Pachanam means knowing, knowing all, enlightened,
enlightened, always thrusting, that is, knowing ... thrusting all the
time, that all conditioned things are impermanent ... All conditioned
things are suffering ... Dharma. All things are selfless, etc. is a
common occurrence All things have a natural extinction. Upadhi na kayira
means not to do ... not to do lust ... Updhi is the six internal senses,
meaning not to arise, to be ready, to give. I was born, therefore it is
called, because of that, I know it, I should not do the ordination.
\[160\] The word Dukkhassa means one who sees the birthplace, that is,
one who considers the root cause, the story, the narrative, the origin,
the place of origin, food, mood, and condition. Sorrow of the nation,
suffering, old age, suffering, pathology, suffering, suffering is
sorrow, lamentation, bodily suffering, sorrow, and despair. Wisdom is
clear knowledge, clear action, etc. Non-delusion, choosing Dharma,
Sammaditthi is called Anupassana. Come along, come in, come in, come in,
come in, come in, come in, come in, come in, come in, come in, come in,
come in that person is called

He who sees, therefore is called the one who sees the birthplace of
suffering. because of that The Blessed One therefore said that whoever
is not a wise man, he is a fool, who suffers often. Because That\'s why
knowledgeable person Do not act He is the one who sees the birthplace of
suffering. \[161\] What problem have I asked? He said The problem is
given to me. We will ask another question. Please, please tell me that
problem. All the people crossing over which Okhachat old Soka and How
can the periphery be? You are a muni, please solve that problem for us.
Indeed, that Dharma, which He has already known. \[162\] The word yanta
apuchimha akittiya no means that we have asked, supplicated, invited,
and conferred upon him. which any problem. The word Akitiyano means that
the Lord has That is to say... He has made it easy to declare that
problem to us. therefore it is called \"All of us\". Have asked any
questions? He has already solved the problem to us. \[163\] The word
kath nu in the abbreviation \"A tam pucham tatingkha pruhi katham nu
Thiravitanti okhachajcharangsokaparideva. \" thus means that it is
doubtful. It was a question with suspicion. It\'s a two-sided question.
It is not a question in part whether this is the case or not. Is this
the case? Is this the case? Is this the case? How is it? Therefore, what
is it called? Thera is a philosopher, a graduate, a wise person, a
person of knowledge, a wise person, a wise person. Wisdom to destroy
passion. The word ogham means kamoka bhavogha dittogha avijjoga
origination, birth, progression, birth, specific birth. The
manifestation of the aggregates, the specificity of the senses among the
animals of those animals is called Nation. Aging, decay, being a person
with broken teeth. gray hair wrinkled skin aging All organic aging among
the animals Of those beings is called old age. Sorrow, sorrow, sorrow,
sorrow within, scorch within, heat within, rage. Inside the scorching
and sorrowful mind arrow is sorrow of people affected by the calamity of
their relatives or of those who are devastated of consumption affects of
people who are devastated by disease or of those who are devastated of
the precepts affecting of those who have been hit by the calamity of
views of people who coincide with

One of the worst? The person who is affected by one of the causes of
suffering is called sorrow. rhyming behavior The cry, the affliction,
the talks, the raving, the frequent talk, the vain, the low-key manners.
profitability Of those who are hit by the calamity of relatives ... or
of those who are hit by one of the causes of suffering are called
Parideva. How can the wise men succumb to birth, old age, soka and
parideva, that is to say, the wise men cross, that is, to go up and
over. How does nga luang pass on to oga, birth, aging, soka and
parideva? Therefore, they are called virtuous people, crossing over
birth, aging, aging. How can the ka and the periphery be? \[164\] The
word tam in the narrative is \"tamme muni sathu wiyarohi\", thus I would
ask, ask, supplicate, supplicate, ask nerve. Wisdom, wisdom, general
knowledge, etc., non-delusion, choosing Dharma, Sammaditthi, he said:
Mona in the word Muni. with that intuition therefore being a muni,
meaning being a muni. The three moneyya (muniness) are kayamoneyya
vajomneyya manomoneyya. What is kayamoneyya? The three kinds of
renunciation of the body are the moneyya body, the three truthful bodies
are the moneyya body. The mind has the body as the emotion. being a
physique stipulation of knowledge being a physique The United Way with
Knowledge being a physique Ignorance in the body is the body - Moneyya,
the cessation of the body. maturity It is the kayamoneyya. This is
called the kamoneyya. What is the vajimoneyya? Four kinds of dishonesty
is the word Moneyya, the four kinds of dishonesty are the Moneyya word.
Wisdom has words as emotions. It\'s a word for Moneyya. verbal
prescribing It\'s a word for Moneyya. the way of the United States by
defining knowledge It\'s a word for Moneyya. ignorance in speech It\'s a
word for Moneyya. death Secondary contemplation It is Vajimoneyya. This
is called Vajimoneyya. What is Manomoneyya? Three things are manomoneya
Mano honestly Three things are manomoneya The mind has the mind as the
emotion. is a monomoney The determination of the mind is a manomoneyya,
the way of the United by the determination of knowledge. is a monomoney
ignorance in the mind cessation of consciousness This enlightenment of
Vedic Nirodha is called Manomoneyya. The sages speak of Muni, Muni by
body, Muni by speech, Muni by mind. One who has no taints, is ready with
the muni, is the one who renounces all unwholesome qualities. The
scholars speak of Muni, who is a Muni by body. verbal muni be a muni by
heart one who has no filth with a sense of humor that is a floating sin.
making these muni into 6 types of muni, namely building muni 1

Anakaramuni 1 Sekkhamuni 1 Asekkhamuni 1 Paccekmuni 1 Muni Muni 1. What
is the building of Muni? The householder has a discernible chapter
called this enlightened religion. that Muni Building. Why? This is
called Anakaramuni. Phra Sekkha- \*7 types of people named Sekkhamuni.
Arahant. Asekkhamuni Buddha image The Tathagata, Arahant, fully
enlightened Buddha Name Muni Muni. A person is not a muni by being
still, one who is delusional, not a wise man, is not a muni. Who is a
graduate? hold the noble dharma like a person holding a scale will
forsake all the sins That person is a muni, therefore that person is a
muni. Any person who knows the two worlds is called a muni therefore.
both inside and outside angels and humans All have worshiped That person
has passed away, for which the price of dharma is related, and the
desire is like a network. It\'s called a Muni. The word Sathu Wiyakarohi
means that the Lord speaks, that is, He shows \... He proclaims well,
therefore it is called the Muni. Well, that problem is mine. \[165\]
Tatha hi te vithito es dhammo means so true, that dharma, which He has
known, is known and compared. He considered it, and gave it to him, and
he made it known; therefore, it was called the truth. . because of that
Then the brahmin said: I have asked what problem? He said The problem is
given to me. I beg you, Ask another problem. Please tell him Tell me the
problem. All the people crossing over which Okhachat old Soka and How
can the periphery be? You are a muni, please solve that problem for us.
Indeed, that Dharma, which He has already known. \[166\] (The Blessed
One said, \"Look at me) I will tell you the Dhamma in the Dharma that I
have seen. which is evident to you that the person already knows Being a
person who is mindful to travel let go of lust island in various
emotions in the world to you. \[167\] The word I will tell you the
Dharma \... means that I will tell \... the holiness. beautiful in the
beginning beautiful in the middle, beautiful in the end, and beautiful
with pure consonants

Total perfection and the four foundations of mindfulness, the 4
supremacy, the 4 power, the 4 organics, the 5 physical strength, the 5
Bojjha, the 7 Noble Path, the Eightfold Path, Nirvana, and the path
leading to nirvana. Name: We will tell you the Dharma. The Blessed One
called the Brahman by the name Mettakhu. \"Mmme Anitiham\" thus it
appears: in the dharmas that we have seen, known, compared, and
considered, it has arisen; that is, in the dharmas we have seen \... it
has appeared that sankhara All things are impermanent, etc. Whatever
happens naturally, they are all unstable. Even for this reason,
therefore, it is said that we will tell the Dharma in the Dharma. that
we have seen. one more thing that we will tell the suffering that we
have seen and will tell the suffering in Samui We have seen If you tell
the way in the way that we have seen, then will tell you the nirodha in
the nirodha that we have seen even for this reason. . one more thing
that we will not tell the Dharma that we will see for ourselves with
times should be called, brought to see, should be brought in which the
sensible person should know only for himself In the dharma which we have
seen, even for this reason, we will tell the dharma in the dharma which
we have seen. Therefore, it is called in Dharma. that we have seen. The
word Aniti means that we will inform ourselves of the Dhamma. that we
only know for ourselves without saying that it was said this way did not
tell what was heard Not telling in descending order, not telling by
textbooks, not telling by guesswork. Not told as expected, not told
according to symptoms It is not said by pleasure that it is in line with
one\'s own doctrine, therefore it is called in the dharma that we have
seen that manifests itself. \[169\] The word yam vititwa sto ram means
to enlighten, to compare, to consider, to prosper, to enlighten, to to
know. ... makes it clear that All conditioned things are impermanent,
etc. Anything happens naturally. the whole thing There is a natural
extinction. The word Sto means having mindfulness for four reasons,
namely, mindfulness and the development of mindfulness. Contemplating
the body in the body, etc., that person is called mindful. The word
\'Ram\' means wandering around, turning around, taking care of,
maintaining, healing, therefore it is called knowing. which virtue Be a
person who is conscious to travel. \[170\] Craving, lust, saraga, etc.
Abhijha Lobha Akusolmun, he said, Visattika. The words in the word
\"Trelogesittika\", the name \"visattika\" in the word \"vistika\"
because of the meaning? Because of the attitude? Go away because of the
view, because of the view, because of the view, because of the view.
Because it has a poisonous root, because it has a poisonous effect,
because it has a poisonous consumption. On the other hand, this passion
is vast, dispersed, pervaded in form, sound, smell, taste, touch.

Family name, Abbot, fortune, yot, Sansern, Suk, robe, alms, Senasana,
Kilanfana-pharmaceutical, kama- *element, form-element,
non-formal-element, eroticism, formlessness, non-formal world,
necessity, necessity, necessity, necessity, universe, quadrant Pop,
panjavokarnabho, past tense, future tense, present tense, Dharma is the
form seen and the sound heard. Known emotions and the enlightened
Dharma. Therefore, it is called visatika. The word world is in the
ill-tempered world, the human world, the world of divinity, the
world-element, the world-wise. Staticam means that one is mindful,
crossing, that is, crossing up, over, hurried, passing, which Cravings
attached to the world\'s sensations, therefore it is called that one
should surpass the lusts attached to the world\'s emotions. The Blessed
One said, We will tell the Dharma in the Dharma that we have seen. which
is evident to you that the person already knows Being a person who is
mindful to travel let go of lust entangled in the emotions of the world
to you. I like it His words and the supreme dharma that a person has
already known, is one who is mindful and wanders one should bypass the
desires that are attached to the emotions of the world. \[172\] Jaha
bhanintami \"The word that the Lord speaks is the way of His words,
sermons, and sermons. The word Abhinandami is I. I am pleased, pleased,
joyful, blessed, longing, satisfied, wanting, loving, enamored,
therefore it is said that I am pleased with your words. of him. \[173\]
What is the meaning of the word \"wisdom\" in the name of the wife
Dhammamuttam? His name is consort, because the Blessed One seeks, seeks,
seeks, seeks the great sacrament. which the great meditative which has
great wisdom which Vimuttikhan Yai which Vimuttinyan- Tassanakhan* Yai
was named consort because of her attitude. The Blessed One seeks, seeks,
seeks. Then the destruction of the great dark pile, the madness of which
the withdrawal Arrow is a big passion which cuts the succession to the
great whose endeavor is like a big flag falling which suppresses
Apisankhara Yai which the great sacrifice which is a big burden in which
the great sank of samsara, in which the great passion is extinguished in
which peace quells great trouble which the elevation of the Dharma is
like a big banner, which has a big base of mindfulness which the supreme
supreme which has great power which is the great organic, which is the
great strength, which is the great Bojna, which the Noble Eightfold Path
consists of the Great Eight Elements, which Immortal Nirvana is the
Great Paramattha . Another thing The Blessed One is named Consort
because of the dignity of all beings.

Searching, searching, searching, where is the Lord Buddha, where is the
Blessed One, where is the Blessed One, where is the Lord Narada Where.
Immortal Nirvana, the peace of all beings. renunciation of all
possessions lust The fulfillment of craving, the cessation of it, the
release of it is a hundred instruments. He said that it is the Dharma
Udom in the word Dhammamuttam. Prasertwiset is the supreme chairman.
Therefore, it is called the one who seeks the great virtues \... which
the Dharma du m Chacharoen has made it clear, that is, made it known ...
made it clear that All sankharas are impermanent, etc. Any thing
naturally arises. the whole thing There is a natural extinction. The
word Sto means having mindfulness for four reasons, namely, mindfulness
and the development of mindfulness. contemplating the body in the body,
etc. Be a conscious person. The word ram means to travel, to travel
around ... to heal, therefore it is called enlightened, one who travels
with mindfulness. \[175\] Craving, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha Lobha
Akusolmun He said that visattika lust is attached to the mind. In the
words \"Trelogewasi tttikam\" visattika in the chapter vistika, for what
reason? Etc. permeates, permeates in form, sound, smell, taste, touch,
etc. Dharma is a form seen, sound heard. Known emotions and enlightened
dharmas Because of that, it is called visatika. The word loke means in
the world of evil, etc., in the world. One who is mindful should cross,
that is, it goes up, goes beyond, goes beyond craving, goes beyond
craving. which is attached to the emotions of the world, therefore it is
called that one should cross over the desires that are attached to the
world\'s emotions. Then the brahmin said: O Lord, who seeks great grace
I like it His words and the supreme dharma known to a person, one who is
mindful wandering should bypass the lusts that cling to in different
moods in the world. \[176\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Look at me.) You
know the Dharma. either which are the highest, lower and middle ones,
and the broad ones, you ease the joy, the entanglement, and the spirit
in those dharmas, should not be settled in the world. \[177\] The word
thou knowest some dharma. You know, know all around, enlighten, know
only, always stab at any one Dharma. Therefore, he is called Mr. Immoral

either. The Blessed One called that Brahmana by the name Mettakhu. This
Bhagava is a symbol of respect, etc. The truth is commanded, therefore
it is called \"Dukramettakhu.\" The Blessed One spoke of the future as
the high-ranking person in the country as \"Udthamadhotiriya japim.
chje\" as follows. Said in the past as the lower class. Said the present
as the middle and wide. He said the worldly The high-class person speaks
the world as the lower level. The human world is said to be wide, the
middle-class is wide. The kusala-dhamma is high-level. The unwholesome
Dhamma is the low level. Pyataka Dharma: middle class, broad part,
impersonal element as high, Kama element as low level; Dang. Said the
happiness and feeling that the upper class. Said the suffering that the
lower level. He said the pain and suffering that he said, the middle and
the broad. Said the upper part. as well as to the soles of the feet as
\"high\". He said the lower parts as as the upper class, the lower
class, and the middle class, the broad part. jajjavi nanam bhaven
tithe\" as follows: In all the dharmas that I have said \... proclaimed,
lust, lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha Lobha Akusolmul speaks of delight.
There are two kinds of entanglement in the chapter Nivesnam:
entanglement with lust and entanglement with views 1. What is
entanglement with lust? Our regard, which makes it ... by how much lust,
etc., is called lustful entanglement. What is it about entanglement with
views? Sakakaya, having twenty objects, etc., this is called
entanglement with views. The word \"Panuchcha Vivanam\" means the united
spirit with wisdom, the united spirit with the unseen. United souls with
Anjaphisankhara. You ease, shake it off, pluck it up, withdraw it, let
it go, make it far, end it. leading to the absence of joy, entanglement,
and complacency Therefore, it is called that you relieve joy,
entanglement, and spirit in these things. There are two worlds, namely
karma and the new life in the conception. 1 The name of the world in the
world is "bhaven na tit". What is the karmic world? Punyaphisangkhara
Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisangkhan This is the Karma world. What is
the new world in fertilization? Forms, feelings, contracts, sankharas,
and spirits that are in the conception This is a new world that exists
in conception. The word bhaven ti ‚Ç¨ means that when abandoned, relieve,
bring to an end. to the absence of which the pleasure of attachment The
united insight through the Abhisankhara Karma and the new world that
exists in the Patindhi should not be established in the Karma realms. do
not exist should not be enshrined in the new world which is in the
conception, therefore it is called thou shalt ease \... The spirit
should not be established in the world. because of that The Blessed One
said that he knew one dharma. which is the upper dharma, the lower rank,
and the broad middle rank. May you relieve joy, entanglement

and the spirits in those dharmas are broken. should not be located in
the world. \[180\] A bhikkhu who lives like this, is mindful, heedless,
enlightened. abandoning our belief that it is ours Travel to old age The
sorrow and the sorrow that is afflicted in this very existence. \[181\]
The word \"Evawihari\" in the context of \"Eva \"Resto-appamatto\" thus:
\"Release, relieve, bring to an end.\" to the absence of which the joy,
the entanglement, the united spirit With the Abhisankhara, Karma, and
the new world that exists in the conception, he is called the one who
lives like this. The word Sto means being mindful for four reasons,
namely, being mindful, cultivating mindfulness, *contemplating the body
in the body, etc. That monk, the Blessed One, said: People who are
conscious. The word apamatto means that a bhikkhu acts willingly, that
is, he does it repeatedly, does not stop, does not relentlessly behave.
Do not agree, do not give up business, do not be careless in charity is
contentment. Perseverance, persistence, persistence, awareness,
perseverance, perseverance, determination, continual action in that
wholesome dharma, when we should practice The precepts that are not yet
perfect or should support the precepts that abounding in wisdom in that
wholesome dharma Or should we advocate for the concentration of the
aggregates that are abounding with wisdom in that* wholesome *dharma?*
complete Or should we advocate for wisdom that is abounding with wisdom
in that wholesome dharma? complete or should support liberation
abounding with wisdom in that wholesome dharma ow Nimuttinanadassanakhan
who is full of wisdom in that wholesome dharma. satisfaction etc. It\'s
called carelessness in charity, contentment, effort \... intention,
frequent action. in that charity When should we determine the unresolved
sufferings, we should abandon all the unresolved defilements? We should
develop the path that has not yet developed. or should we make it known
to the nirod do not notify satisfaction etc. It is called carelessness
in wholesome qualities. Therefore, it is called a person who lives like
this. A person who is conscious and not careless. \[182\] A monk is a
gentleman. A bhikkhu is a monk who is a monk named \"bhikkhu charam
hitva mamayitani\" as follows. The word charam means to travel around.
... Heal. There are two kinds of our beliefs: our beliefs. By the power
of lust, this is called our adherence to the power of lust, this is
called Jah, our adherence to power It\'s called our belief. abandoning
our clinging by the power of lust to the lack of adherence that of us.
Therefore, it is called a bhikkhu \... We hold that all of us travel.

\[183\] Birth, birth, availability ... the unique gain of the senses
among all beings. that of those beasts named in the word \"Chatcharam
Sokapariddev\" jaimewavidvƒÅ pajchahey dukkha" as follows: Aging, decay
... The aging of all organic beings is called old age. Sorrow, sorrowful
action ... or of a person that is hit by one of the causes of suffering
is called sorrow. One of them hits the name Parideva. The word Ith means
in this view, etc., in this world of mankind. The word witwa means one
who is enlightened; he holds enlightenment, wisdom, enlightenment,
enlightenment, sage, suffering, etc. I is Soka, Parideva, Suffering,
Sadness, and Upayas called Suffering. The words Chatcharam
sokapariddevcha ithava pajchayai dukkha means the enlightened person who
has enlightenment. Wisdom, enlightened, wise, should be abandoned, that
is, should be relieved, put an end to it. to the absence of birth,
aging, sorrow, and despair in this state of being; therefore he is
called the enlightened one to leave birth, old age, sorrow and sorrow in
suffering. This selfishness. Therefore, the Blessed One said: A bhikkhu
who lives in this way is mindful, careless, enlightened. Abandoning our
belongings and wandering, let go of birth, old age, sorrow and sorrow
and sorrow in this state. \[184\] I am Phra Gotama. I am pleased with
your words, the great seeker of grace. already said It\'s fair, no
patronage. The Blessed One has given up on suffering. Indeed, that
dharma is known to the Lord. \[185\] The word et tam in the word
\"Etapintami wajo Mahesino\" is thus the words, the way of the
preaching, the consecration of His Highness. The word Abhintami means
rejoicing, that is, to be pleased, to be joyful, to bless, to desire, to
be content with, to wish, to love, to being attracted to. Mahesino means
to the Blessed One. Seeking, seeking, searching for the great sacrament,
etc. Where does the Lord Narada live? Therefore it is called that I am
pleased with His words. The great seeker. \[186\] The word Sukitita in
the language of \"Sukittita Gotama Nupadika\" as follows: and that is to
say... He has proclaimed, therefore it is called well spoken. All
defilements are good, Khandha is good, Abhisankhara is good. He said
that Updhi in the way that \"Gotama Nupadika\" is the Dharma that has
been abandoned, that is, it is a place of peace. renunciation which
suppresses the cessation of nirvana, therefore it is called, Venerable
Gotama \... well spoken, it is dharma, without any attachment. \[187\]
The word atdha in the upheaval means \"addha hi bhagava pahasi dukkha\"
as follows:

A single narrative is a narrative without a doubt, a narrative without
suspicion, a narrative without a second. aspects It is definitely a
tool. It is not wrong to say that this word Addha is the absolute
declaration. The word bhagava is a respectful word, etc. This bhagava is
a commandment truth. The word Pahasi means that He renounces, that He
renounces, alleviates, brings to an end to nothing. where suffering,
pathology, death, suffering is sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, and
despair; therefore, it is called the Blessed One. You can definitely let
go of suffering. \[188\] The word so true that Dharma, which He has
known, that it is true That Dharma that He knows, He knows, He compares,
He considers, He clarifies. It has appeared, therefore it is called
Rangi. that dharma which he had already known. Therefore the brahmin
said Lord Gotama I am pleased with your words. great seeker already said
There is no dharma. The Blessed One has given up on suffering for sure.
Indeed, that dharma, which He already knew. \[189\] He is a muni who
often teaches those people, even those who should be able to quit
suffering. I have come to meet Blessed One Let\'s worship him. May the
Blessed One teach me often. \"YyuÔúõ Dukkha\" as follows: Kings, brahmins,
phaets, suts, laymen, banpachit, devas, human beings should be
abandoned. to put it down, that is, to ease it, to end it to the
ignorance of a miserable nation ... sorrow, therefore it is called that
even those peoples should surely be relieved of suffering. \[191\] The
word ye in upheath is \"Ye twa muni atta t t t owdeya\", as follows:
kasatry, brahmin, pesai sut. Rihat Banphachit, the deva, human, Mettaku
Brahman said to The Blessed One is said to be Nana, called Mona, in the
word muni, etc. That person has passed the price of dharma as a
companion, and craving is. as the network is indeed a muni. The word
Att√¢n Ovdeya means to teach generously. which is to teach often, teach,
teach often. Therefore, he is called the Muni. often preached to any
people. \[192\] Mettakhu Brahman said to the Blessed One that he was
tamed, tamed, naam. Sasami Smejja Nak.

The word namsami means that I pay homage, that is, to pay homage, to
respect, to worship with the body, with the mind, in accordance with the
practice Benefit, or with the practice of Dharma, is appropriate for the
Dharma. The word Smaj means I come to meet, that is, to come to meet, to
come, to see, and to worship. His Majesty only faces. The word Nakham
means one who has no evil, the Blessed One does not do evil, therefore
he is called Naga. He does not go to evil, therefore he The name Naga
does not come to evil, therefore he is called the Naga. The Blessed One
does not do any evil, therefore he is called the Naga unkind. - *All
dharmas that make you sad to be born in a new world anxious suffering is
a national location old and dead He said evil. A person does not do any
evil in the world. and then shake off all the desires of all animals.
which all binders are After all, it is not relevant in all places. That
person is said to be a naga, a stable person with such a mind. The
Blessed One does not do evil like this, hence the name Naga. How does
the Exalted One go, therefore he is called the Naga? The Exalted One*
does not go to the precepts. did not go to despair does not go into
greed He does not go into bhakti. He does not go with lustful power. not
going with anger He does not go by power and magnanimity, does not go by
power. did not come with power did not go with the power of appeal He
does not go by magic power, does not go by monumental power, does not go
out, is not blown away, is not led, neither being driven by dharma The
Exalted One does not go like this, therefore he is called Naga. How does
the Exalted One not come, therefore he is called Naga? The *Blessed One
does not come again, does not return, does not return to all
defilements. which He has* abandoned with the Sotapatti-Magga ... with
the Sakha-mi-Magga ... with the Anagami-Magga ... with the Arahat-Magga.
Blessed One He did not come like this, therefore his name is Naga.
Therefore, it is called that I came to meet the Blessed One, the Naga.
So please worship him. \[193\] Appewa m bhagava at ‚Ç¨itat owdeyya means
\"May the Blessed One\" You should teach me often, that is, please teach
me generously. Teach often, teach often, teach often. Therefore, it is
called that the Blessed One should teach me often. Because of that. Then
the brahmin said: He is a monk. Teach those people who are often people,
even those who should be able to refrain from suffering for sure. I have
come to meet which the Blessed One Let\'s worship him.

May the Blessed One teach me often. \[194\] Whom should one know that he
is a Brahmin? Vedic, free from defilements, worries, unrelated to the
sensual world. He has crossed over this void, and he has crossed over to
the shore. There are no pillars, no dam, no doubt. name He is a brahmin
because he has floated through the seven qualities. He is a person who
is floating in the body of the Ditthi, Vichikita, Silabbat Pramas, Raga,
Dosa, Moha, and Mana. unwholesome deeds that cause sorrow to be born in
a new world anxious suffering It is the location of the nation, aging
and death. Floating away all filthy dharmas, free from blemish, having a
well-established mind, a fixed mind, devoid of pity. is a mature person.
The Blessed One, who has no desire and view, is stable, said to be the
noble one. Wisdom in the Fourth Path says that Veda, in the word Vedic,
etc., is Vedic, because it negates all Vedas. The word Abhij means to
know, that is, to know all, to know, to know only, to thrust all the
time, therefore it is called who should be known. It is necessary to be
a Brahmin who has reached the Vedic. \[196\] The word Akijanam in the
word akjanam kambhave asttam is as follows: Anxiety is lust; Anxiety is
dosa, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, corruption. Those who have been
cut off, cut off, calmed, suspended, prevent them from happening. Burned
with fire is the spirit. That person, the Blessed One said: There are no
defilements and worries. By verbal ejaculation, there are two kinds of
sensual pleasures, namely objects. 1 defilements, etc. These are said to
be sensual objects, etc. These are said to be defilements. Named vaping
is two realms, namely one kamma. The new world that is in
fertilization 1. Etc., this is called the new world of fertilization.
The word Akijanamkabhavesta means that there is no defilement or
concern, that is, it does not interfere, does not cling to, does not get
involved in the sensual world. Therefore, it is called a person who has
no passion and worry. Not involved in the erotic world. \[197\] The word
atdha in the upheaval of atdha, hiso, okhamim, atari, as follows, is
said by one section, etc., this word addha. It\'s definitely a saying.
The word ogham means kama oga bhava o ga ditthi ogha avijja ogha. The
word Atari means crossed, that is, crossed up, crossed over. It has
passed, it has passed, therefore he has crossed over this void.

Indeed. \[198\] The word Tinno in the Uthes as \"Tinno ja param akhilo
akkho\" means that one has crossed it. that is, crossed up, crossed
over, passed, passed away, which Kaga-ga, Bhava-Okha, Ditthi-okha,
Avijja-Oha have ended. Worship There\'s a long way to go has reached It
has reached the end, the holy life has been preserved, it has arrived,
the supreme view, the developed path, the defilements have been
abandoned. There is an eternity that has stabbed all the time. There is
a nirvana that has already been made known. That person has set a
blessing, has abandoned Samutaya, has developed the way. I have made my
anger become clear, I know the Dhamma that I should know better. has
already established the knowledge of the dharma that should be
established abandoning the virtues that should be abandoned prospering
in the Dharma that should grow causing the dharma which should have been
made known. One has only ignorance as a poem has been removed, one who
has pity on a couple that has been drowned out, has lust like a serpent,
has been plucked out, has no ingots, he is the one who Far from the
enemy\'s passion, there is asmimana as the flag has fallen. Has the
burden of resignation, is unrelated, has left the neuralgia, has five
bodies, is composed of equanimity, has six bodies, is mindful as a means
of protection. Language in a singular manner, with the Dhamma as its
refuge, 4 with a particular view of the truth. alleviated, there is a
rightful pursuit of the perfection. have no obscurity The body has been
sank, the mind is splendid, wisdom is surpassed. being a mature person
have completed the virginity a rich man a noble man He is the one who
has reached the noble fruit. that person does not destroy, destroy, and
then exists; does not have to give up; does not have to hold, and then
live Ah not sewn, not lifted, cut, finished and existing, does not need
to be disposed of, does not require construction and already existed
because he is a person who possesses the virtues of virtue,
concentration, wisdom, wisdom, and wisdom. belonging to Phra Asekha
until all the noble truths have reached a specific point and have
existed. To remain in a state of being a person who does not move
around, holding on to the winning finish and remaining To live in lust,
live in mercy, kindness, mudita, pure equanimity. exist in one part
purity Existing in being who has no Kammanya (Tanha Ditthi Mana) exists
because of being a transcendent person. exist because a person who has a
calm mind Live in the end of the Khan. in the end of the element in the
end of the senses in the end living in the end of misery Lastly of
fertilization, Lastly, in the end of the world, in the end of the body
in the end of the cycle live in a world that finally exists exists in
the ultimate existence, is the Arahant who retains the ultimate body.
that monk There is this world for the last time Having this existence
and having pity, namely birth, aging, and death for the last time, there
is no new life. Therefore, it is called has already crossed. Immortal
Nirvana, the peace of all beings renunciation of all possessions lust
The fulfillment of craving, the cessation of it, the release of it is a
hundred instruments. said that the shore in the chapter as follows: that
person has reached the shore, that is, attained to the shore to the end
to the end to the end to the end

to the end To the end To the end To the end To the end To the resistance
To the resistant, to the hidden, to the hidden, to the refuge, to the
refuge, to the safe. to the safe place to the stationary To the
immortal, to the immortal, to nirvana, to nirvana, one who has reached
the end of the virtuous life, has completed his conduct, etc. There is
pity, i.e. birth, aging and death, there is no new life, therefore it is
called a person who has crossed over to the shore. The word without
pillars and dams is sensuality. as pillars Fury is a pillar of a dam.
The rulers are the pillars of the dam. Anger is a dam Anger is the
pillar of the dam, etc., the whole Agusalaphisanghara is the pillar of
the dam. Whoever abandons these dam pillars and cuts them off, is calm,
has stopped, preventing them from happening. burned with fire, that is,
insight, he said, A person who does not have a dam pillar. The word
undoubted is doubt and suffering. Doubt in every way, doubt in every way
Suspicion in every nirodkamini practice Doubt in the preliminary
condition, doubt in the final condition Doubt in the dharma practice is
the factor of doubt - this dharma, doubt, doubtful action. doubt Doubt,
disagreement, duality Duality, hesitation, inconsistency, suspicion,
paranoia, indecisiveness. agitation Attraction sees it like this.
Whoever casts off these doubts ... has been burned with fire, that is,
insight says: He is one who has no doubts, therefore he is called a
person who has crossed over to the shore, without pillars of dam,
without doubt. because of that The Blessed One said, One should know
that he is a Brahmin, one who has practiced magic, has no defilements,
worries, has nothing to do with sensuality. He has crossed over this
void, and he has crossed over to the shore. There are no pillars, there
is no doubt. \[199\] Any person in this religion has knowledge and
wisdom, which is related to sin. In the little world and the great
world, that person is free from craving, without suffering, without
hope. We say that the people have crossed over birth and old age.
\[200\] The word javitva in the word \"Vitvajyovetkunroathi\" \"As this
means Gone in wisdom, enlightened, enlightened. Wisdom to destroy
passion. The word yo means, etc. What kind of man is this? Wisdom in the
Fourth Path says that Veda in the chapter \"Vedaku\" is called Vedic due
to misfortune. which all magic. The word naro means beast, Nara, one who
takes care of a person, a person, a person, a person who has reached a
nation, an animal born, who attains greatness. People who were born from
Phra Manu. The word Ith means in this view, etc., in this world of
mankind.

This religion has knowledge as Vedic. \[201\] The word Bhavabwe in Uthes
is \"Bhavabwe Songkhamim Vishja\" as follows: In the kamma-vata
(kamma-vata), in the punna-vata (vipavata), in the kamma (kama-datta),
in the kamma-vata, in the kamma-vata, in the punna-vata, in the form, in
the kamma-vata, in the form In the incarnation, in the non-formal realm,
in the Karma realm, in the transient beings in the non-formal realm, in
the frequent motto, in frequent occurrences. in fertilization In the
birth of selfishness often. Sin is related. In the chapter, there are
seven types of sangha: lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements,
and dishonesty. wow which sins are related to all things Associated with
affiliation, entanglement, just as people let their vehicles, poles,
carriages, wagons, or sleighs go, just as people let them go, let go of
them. Sin is related to them. or liberation of all sins as a binder, as
a binder as a sling, as a sling, as an entanglement as a binding device
Likewise, therefore, it is called salvation, which is related to sin. In
the little world and the big world. \[202\] Rupture of tanha,
Sattatanha, Gandha of Gandha, Rattah, rotatha, dharma-tanha, named as
tanha in Uthesava, \"So Vittanaho Aniko Niraso Attari Sochatcharanti
pharu. No." Thus, any person who has abandoned this craving ... has been
burned with the fire of wisdom. The people said One who is free from
craving, renounces craving, abandons craving, abandons craving,
relinquishes craving, renounces craving The deceased is cold. enjoy life
The noble self, therefore, is called that one who is free from craving.
The word Aniko means lust, hatred, delusion, anger, anger, etc., all
agglutination. Suffering. Which of these sufferings has renounced ...
and has been burned with fire, that is, the intellect said that there
was no suffering. The word no. Hope means lust, lust, saraga, etc.
Apichha Lobha Akusolmun said that hope. Whoever has given up hope, this
lust, has been burned with fire, that is, the sage said, There is no
hope. Birth, birth, availability ... the specific gain of the senses.
among the animals Of that animal is called life. Aging, decay ... The
aging of all the organics among that being of that animal is called old
age. Death. The capacity to ... the neglect of the corpse, the lack of
all life. from that animal of that being is called death. no suffering
There is no hope, we say that the people have crossed over, which

Old age, which is the generation who is free from lust, without
suffering, without hope? Khwa, which is beyond the boundaries of life,
aging, and death, therefore is called the one who is free from craving.
No sorrow, no hope. We say that the youth has crossed over the nation
and old age. because of that The Blessed One said, Any person in this
religion who has knowledge, is a dual spirit, is riddled with sin.
Dharma is related to this. In the little world and the great world, that
person is free from craving, without suffering, without hope. We say
that people have crossed over. Chaweng nationality and old age. with the
end of the spell Mettakhu Brahmins, etc., sit and commune with Anchalee
to worship the Blessed One. \*The monk announced that Blessed One The
Blessed One is my teacher. I am a disciple as follows. End Mettakuman wa
Nittas problem No. 4. -------- Thotaman wa Nittas problem Concerning the
problems of Lord Totaka \[203\] (Thotaka asked:) My Lord, I would like
to ask that question. Please, please tell me the problem. O Lord, the
seeker of the great Dharma, I hope Your Word. People have heard His
Word. Wora is to study nirvana for himself. \[204\] Questions in the
word \"pujjami\" in the Udeh \"Puchami ta bhagava pruhi me tam\" are as
follows: Ditthasangsantanapucha 1 Vimitichethanapucha 1. Etc. 3 such
buttons, etc., asks about nirvana. The word \"Puchami\" means \"I ask
you,\" that is, to make an appeal, to ask a question, to address that
problem. Please tell me the problem, therefore it is called I ask the
question. The word bhagava is a respectful sign, etc. This bhagava is
the law of truth. The word pruhi me tam means \"Please tell me, please
tell me \... Please announce. Therefore, I am the Blessed One. I would
like to ask that question, may you please tell me that problem. The word
ijja in the word \"ijjasma dhotko\" as follows is a precept. The word
Aysma is a symbol of love. . The word Dhotko, a name, etc., was the
calling of the brahmin, therefore it was called the Venerable Totaka.

\[205\] The word, O Lord, who seeks the great Dharma I hope your word,
saying, I hope, that is, I want, desire, delight, desire, love, be
pleased with God. Speech is the way of preaching His majesty. The word
widow means what is the meaning of the name widow? The name of the
consort because of the goodness. The Blessed One seeks, seeks, searches
for the great sacrament, etc. Where does the Lord Narada live?
Therefore, it is called the Queen, therefore it is called My Lord. Great
Dharma Seeker I can only hope for your word. \[206\] The word that one
has heard His words means that one has heard, that is, to hear, to
study, to remember, to prescribe. already whose speech is His way of
preaching, his sermon, hence the name that one has heard His speech.
\[207\] There are three types of sikkha in the word sikkha: sikkha
nibbanamattano. The first sikkhƒÅ sikkhƒÅ sikkhƒÅ 1 sikkhƒÅ sikkhƒÅ 1, etc.,
this is the name of the sikkhƒÅ sikkhƒÅ. The word nibbana mattano means
that one should study even after the precepts, even if the precepts.
Even indulging in wisdom to quench lust, hatred, moha, kodha, upanaha,
to calm, to enter into peace. for great peace, to quench, to renounce,
to suppress, etc. In order to think of these three precepts, one should
study it. When you know, study When you see it, study it. When
considering, study When praying, the mind should study; when willing
with faith, one should study. When sustaining one\'s perseverance, one
should study; when one has established one\'s mind, one should study.
When the mind is set, study When one knows with wisdom, one should
study. When you know with the most knowledgeable wisdom, you should
study. One should study the dharma that should be abandoned, then study
the dharma that should be abandoned. should be prosperous, should study
When it comes to revealing the Dhamma that should be made known, one
should study it. good behavior Consciousness has practiced, therefore it
is called Phong, studying nirvana for one\'s sake. Therefore, the
brahmin said: I, the Blessed One I would like to ask that question.
Please tell me the problem. Lord great dharma seeker I am jealous of
Your Word. A person has heard His Word and studied Nirvana for himself.
\[208\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Dhotaka.) If so, then be wise,
mindful, persevering in This is the view. Having heard these words from
my mouth, one should study Nirvana for himself. \[209\] The word, if so,
that you \... persevere, means that you persevere, persevere, become
diligent. make an effort make a memory be brave To provoke, to be born,
to be born, to set up, to be born, to be born, therefore.

It\'s called If so, then you ... persevere. The Blessed One called that
Brahman by the name Dhotaka, in the context of Dhotakati Bhagava. The
word Bhagava is a law of truth. Therefore, it is called the Blessed One.
Prabhaka replied, \"Look, Lord Dhotaka. \[210\] The word Ith in the
upheath is \'Itheu nippako sto\': this view, this arrogance, this
graciousness, this esteem, this dharma, this discipline, this
dharma-discipline. This, in this speech, in this holy life, in this
realm, in this being, in this world of mankind. Nipko means one who is
wise, i.e. wise, knowledgeable, enlightened, wise, enlightened. Wisdom
to destroy passion. The word Sto means being mindful for four reasons,
namely, being mindful, developing mindfulness, contemplation, seeing the
body in the body, etc. One says that he is mindful, hence the name. He
is wise, mindful \... in this view. \[211\] I have heard this word from
my mouth; I have heard, studied, entered, remembered, entered. This is
my word, my way of preaching, my advocacy, but my mouth, therefore it is
said that one has heard only this word. \[212\] There are three sikkha
in the word sikkha, adhicitta sikkha, adhipanya sikkha, etc. This is
called the word. Athipanya Sikkha. The word nibbana mattano means that
one should study even after the precepts, even if the precepts. Even if
adhipanya\...concentration and practice, therefore it is called nirvana
study for oneself. because of that Then the Blessed One said, \'If so,
you must be wise, mindful, persevering in this view. but my mouth is now
one should study nirvana for himself. \[213\] An unconcerned deity, a
Brahmin, wanders in the world of mankind. O Lord, who has the right eye,
I worship thee. Please release me from all doubts. \[214\] The deity in
the parable as \"passamham devamanussaloke\", as follows: there are 3
sematithep, 1 uppatithep, 1 wisutthep. 1. What is the supposition? The
king, the royal *child, and the goddess are called Somatithep. Angels of
Jatu Maha Rashika The Daowadung Deva, the Yama Deva, the Dusit Deva
Nimmanoradee angels Devas of Paranimitavaswati Angels counted among the
Brahma villages and angels in the higher ranks It\'s called the amulet
of the gods. Why is Wisutthithep? Arahant Khina, disciples of the
Tathagata and the Pacceka-* Sambuddha is called Wisutthep.

The Lord Buddha is a deity. being more divine than imaginary than the
gods and all the Wisutthep, they are more gods than gods. It is a color
that is stronger than a color. It\'s more naga than naga more primate
than primate, more primate than primate He is a king more than a king.
The word passamha devamanus sloge means that I see the Lord, that is,
the Lord. Nati God sees and sees, and sees, and sees, and considers,
that the Lord is greater than the gods, hence the name. that I have seen
the Lord God \... in the human world. Rahmanam ariyamanam\" as follows:
lust, dosa, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, corruption is a concern.
those concerns which the Enlightened One has abandoned, has cut off the
roots. Therefore, there is no location like Tan Yod Duan. to the absence
of not to happen any more normally. because of that The Enlightened One
Therefore, it is called that there is no stumbling block. because he has
floated the seven things, namely, he has floated the body of ditthi,
vicikicha, silabbat, paramas, lust, hatred, delusion, and mana, and has
floated all the unwholesome and filthy dharmas. which makes me sad to be
born in a new world anxious suffering is a national location Old and
dead. (The Blessed One said: \"Look, the Blessed One has passed away,
all filthy dharmas are free from blemish, have a well-established mind,
have a fixed mind. which has pity, is the perfect one. The Blessed One
craving and ditthi no longer dwell and remain constant, said the
Graduate. Be a noble person. The word Ariyamanam means to travel around,
change posture, heal and heal. Therefore, it is called one who has no
worries. as a Brahmin to travel. \[216\] The Brahman said to the Blessed
One, t, in the upheath, \"Tantam namsami samantakkhu\" as follows.
Janamsami means that I worship by body, speech, and mind. Benefit or ask
for milk Worship, respect, worship with the practice of the Dharma.
omniscient called Samantachakhu, in the chapter as Samantakhakhu. The
Exalted One comes in, comes in Reaching, reaching, ready, consisting of
the omniscient- \*that insight. The Tathagata He didn\'t see anything.
at least one in this world, besides, he does not know anything. That
which is not known, none at all. The Tathagata knows all things. What
nature should be recommended?

The Tathagata knows very well. That nature, therefore the Tathagata is
called the Samatha Eye. Therefore it is called, O Lord of the eyes, I
worship You. \[217\] The word Sakka in the Utah means \"Pamunca m sakuk
kak kathahi\" as follows: The Blessed One has been enrolled from the
Sakyan family. even for this reason So it\'s called Sakka. On the other
hand, the Blessed One is wealthy, possessing a lot of wealth. even for
this reason So he was called Sakka. He has these things: property is
faith, property is morality, property is hiri. Property is Ottappa
Property is Suta Property is wealth is wisdom Property is the foundation
of mindfulness Property is the assumption Property is power, property is
organic property. Wealth is bojongka, property is the path, property is
the result, property is nirvana. The Blessed One is wealthy, possessing
a lot of wealth, counting as having wealth. even therefore So he was
named Va Sakka. On the other hand, the Blessed One was a *valiant,
valiant, capable, valiant person. the brave, the advanced He who does
not cowardly, who does not fear, who does not frighten, who does not
escape fear of cowardice, is without goosebumps Even for this reason it
is called Sakka. Vijikicha is doubt and suffering. doubts in all
directions doubt in* all doubts about the preliminary conditions doubts
about the preliminary conditions; doubts in both the preliminary and the
final conditions. Doubt in Dharma which arises is that this
sankhara-dharma is a factor of each other, doubts, doubtful behaviors
doubt Doubt, disagreement, duality Biasiness, hesitation, disobedience,
suspicion, surrounding suspicion, indecisiveness, despair, interest is
called katha. Lecturer, the words \"I am a monk Please release me from
all doubts saying, may the Lord liberate Lift me up, pull me away from
the arrow, is doubt, therefore I am a monk. May the Lord ease Lord from
all doubts. because of that Then the Brahmin said, I have seen the Lord
God. who has no worries He was a Brahmin wandering in the human world. O
Lord of the eyes I worship him. Lord Sakka, may you unleash me. from all
doubts. \[218\] O Lord, we cannot unleash anyone. who have doubts in the
world But when you come to know the noble dharma This void should be
bypassed with this knowledge. \[219\] The word we cannot unleash means
that we cannot free it, loose it, release it. up, pulling you away from
the arrow is doubt Even for this reason, we are called

may not be relieved. one more thing We may not can not be diligent, do
not try, do not act diligently does not act as a person who has
confidence not acting vigorously no memory Not persevering, not yet
willing to give birth to be ready. only to be born to teach the Dharma
to a person who has no faith, has no propriety, who is lazy.
perseverance not comply Even for this reason, as follows, therefore, we
do not may be eased. one more thing If those people were to be released,
no one else needed to be relieved. All persons are the ones who practice
the right practice, the proper practice, the practice according to the
benefit. practice dharma worthy of the Dhamma with one\'s own strength,
perseverance and perseverance. a man\'s strength by a man\'s strength by
a man\'s perseverance with the effort of men own part be relieved Even
for this reason, thus it is called that we cannot be liberated. True to
the words spoken by the Blessed One, Lord Karnuda, that person is the
stuck in one\'s own may be withdrawn from another person who is
stranded. This is not a position to have. Look at that person, not
trained, not guided. not extinguished by itself will practice and advise
Other people can be extinguished. This is not a position to have. Even
so, thus it is said that we cannot be liberated. True to what the
Blessed One said, the bad deeds that one has done by oneself become
miserable by oneself. The evil karma that one does not do by oneself is
pure for oneself. purity Innocence, self-existence. Others will help. It
is impossible to purify others. Even for this reason, it is called that
we cannot be liberated. Indeed, according to the words spoken by the
Blessed One, nirvana is thus located. Well, the way to nirvana is set
up. We, the guides, are established. Thus, our disciples We admonish in
this way. Teach like this. Some attain nirvana with only partial
achievement. Others do not attain Brahmins. In this regard, what can we
do? Look at the Brahmin, the Tathagata is only the one who gives
directions. Whoever asks the way Let people practice by themselves and
be freed by themselves. For this reason, it is called We cannot be
relieved. \[220\] The word \"Dukradhotaka \... Anyone who has doubts in
the world\" means that one who has doubts, doubts, doubts, has two
views, has a wit. Wajakchi means that anyone is a king, a brahmin, a
brahmin, a brahmin, a brahmin, a monk, a banpachit, a deva, or a human
being. in the world of evil, etc., in the sense of the world, therefore
it is called Dukara Dhotaka \... Anyone who has doubts in the world.

\[221\] The word, but \... when he came to know the noble teaching,
meaning immortal nirvana, cessation of all sankharas. renunciation of
all possessions lust Extinction of passion, cessation, liberation from
craving is a ligature. said that it was a noble virtue. The word s√¢‚Ç¨
means excellence, excellence, excellence, and superiority. The word
\"Ashanmano\" means \"knowing\", \"knowing\", \"knowing\", \"knowing\",
\"knowing only\" and \"thrusting\" all the time. Therefore, it is called
but \... knowledge of all the noble teachings. \[222\] The word that you
should cross this void with this knowledge means that you should cross,
that is, you should step. inadvertently Go forth, which Okha is Kama,
Okha is realm, Okha is ditthi, Okha is ignorance. with the devil
Therefore, it is said that you should cross this void with this
knowledge. Therefore, the Blessed One said d. Behold, Dhotaka, we cannot
relieve anyone. that there is doubt in the world. But when you come to
know the noble teaching, you should bypass this void by knowledge like
this. \[223\] O Blessed One May the Lord have mercy Teach me a simple
dharma that I should know. I do not crash like air It is here that one
is at peace, not dwelling and wandering. \[224\] The word Anusas Brahme
in the Uthea \"Anusasu Brahme Kariyamano\" means, O Blessed One. May the
Lord teach you, that is, be kind and compassionate, therefore it is
called O Blessed One Please teach me. Words of kindness Please be
gracious and gracious because hence the name O Blessed One May the Lord
be graciously taught. \[225\] Immortal Nirvana ... The release of
craving is a boundary, and it is said that it is a secluded Dhamma in
the sense of \"Vivekdhammam Yamaham Vicha\". Yamaham Wich ‡πç means that I
should know, I should know, I should know only, I should stab all the
time. Therefore it is called the Great Dharma. that I should be
informed. \[226\] I am uninterrupted like air; I am uninterrupted, that
is, I am not trapped, not entangled, like undisturbed air. The problem
is that it does not get stuck, it does not get entangled, and therefore
it is called that I am uninterrupted like air. I do not love neither. It
is not despised, it is not lost, it is not tarnished, like the air that
everyone Can not be stained with lac juice, turmeric juice, green water,
astringent water. I\'m not angry, I\'m not offended, I\'m not depressed,
I\'m not like the air, I\'m not angry, I\'m not offended, I\'m not even
a cause. Thus, thus it is called that I am not troubled like the air.
Asito Jareyam meaning

Here he is at peace, that is, he is seated here. The one who is already
seated in this asana is the one who is already seated. In this company
Even for this reason, he is said to be at peace. Here it is. one more
thing I am at peace, I am at peace, I am at peace, I am at peace, I am
at peace. Peace is here. "The word Asito means that there are two kinds
of habits, namely, lust for habits, attitudes for habits, and so forth;
this is called lustful habits. Etc., this is called Chaditthi Habit. I
give up my lust Relinquishing viewpoints, not relying on eye, sota,
gana, chivalry, body and mind, not relying on form, sound, smell, taste,
touch, dharma, without family, abbot, wealth, yos, praise, happiness, do
not rely on robes, alms round, senasana, ceremonial medicine. Does not
depend on the erotic-element, the form-element, the non-formal-element,
does not depend on the erotic-image, the non-formal existence, does not
depend on the covenant realm, the non-conceptual world, the
nautical-conceptual world. Does not depend on the universe, does not
depend on the universe, does not depend on the past, does not depend on
the future, does not depend on it, does not secretly, does not reach,
does not get involved, does not want to leave. renounced, liberated from
the form that had been seen. sound heard Known emotions and the Dhamma
that should be enlightened, with a mind that makes it free from
boundaries. Therefore, it is called non-resident. The word Jariyam means
one should wander, wander around, change one\'s posture, conduct one\'s
way, be a healer, therefore, I am at peace. Here, no longer dwelling,
let\'s wander. That\'s why Then the brahmin said: O Blessed One May the
Lord have mercy Teach me a simple dharma that I should know. I do not
crash like air Here he is at peace, not dwelling, and should wander.
\[228\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Duke, Dhotaka,\" I will tell you.
peace in the Dharma that we have seen which is evident to you that a
person has already known and is a person who is mindful to travel Let go
of the lust of the Anzajan. can go in different moods in the world.
\[229\] The word I will tell you peace ... means that I will tell, that
is, I will tell \... I will preach. which the calmness of sensuality,
the calmness of wrath, the calmness of anger, the calmness, the
calmness, the wonderful calmness, the cessation of anger and peace
Anger, negativity, stigma envy, stinginess, deceit snort Good
competition, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all
defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness all the rage all
trouble All auspiciousness Therefore it is called that I will tell you
peace \... to you. The Blessed One calls that brahman by the name
Dhotaka, in the sense of Dhotaka. Ti-Bhagava as follows. This supreme
supreme being is spoken with respect, etc. This supreme supreme command
is the truth.

Therefore, it is called the Blessed One. Prabhaka replied, \"Look, Lord
Dhotaka. \[230\] The word dithe dhamme in the uphea dha dhamme anitiham
thus means that in the dharma which we have seen, that is, in the dharma
which we have learned I already Compared, considered, it has appeared,
it has been cleared, that is, in the Dharma that we have seen \... noon,
etc., something naturally occurs. the whole thing It is naturally
extinct, even for this reason, therefore it is called in the Dhamma that
we have seen. one more thing I will tell the suffering that I have seen,
I will tell the Sorrows I have seen, and I will tell the Path I have
seen. I will tell Nirodha in Nao The Dharma which we have seen, even for
this reason, is called in the Dhamma which we have seen. one more thing
We will tell the dharma which the attained person sees for himself is
not fitting at the proper time. Called to come and see come into him
that the wise should know only himself in the Dhamma that we have seen.
This is the reason, therefore it is called that in the Dharma we have
seen hence the name In the Dharma we have seen. The word appears to
oneself means that we will tell what Dharma that manifests itself that
we know only by ourselves, without saying the following: did not tell
what was heard Do not tell in descending order, do not tell with
reference to textbooks Do not tell as you imagined. Did not say as
expected, did not tell, based on symptoms Do not say with pleasure that
they are in line with their own cult. hence the name in the Dharma we
have seen which is evident to them. \[231\] The word that a person who
is enlightened is one who is mindful. The meaning of enlightening is to
compare, to consider, to prosper, to enlighten, to to be informed ... to
to be informed. All things are impermanent, etc. Anything happens
naturally. All things have a natural extinction. The word being mindful
means having mindfulness for four reasons, namely, being mindful and
developing the foundation of mindfulness. contemplating the body in the
body, etc. Be a conscious person. The word \"travel\" means \"travel\",
\"travel\", \"travel around\", change one\'s posture, behave, maintain,
maintain, heal; therefore, it is called \"enlightened\". Be a person who
is conscious to travel. \[232\] Tanha-raga-saraga, etc., Abhijha Lobha
Akusala-Moon said that lust had vanished in various emotions in the
country, saying, "Tre Loke Visttikam. " The word visattika means that
lust is called visattika because of the meaning of what? Etc., because
of its meaning, it is wide and wide, therefore it is called visattika.
The word loke means in the ill-will of the world, etc., in the sense of
the world. Chasing the lust of Ansha In the world\'s emotions, one
should be mindful, transcending, surpassing, surpassing, qualification.
has passed away, which the lusts pass away in the emotions of the world;
therefore it is called that the lust should be skipped. in the emotions
of the world and what is beneficial to them

to you that the person has already known One who is mindful to wander,
one can bypass the lusts that are scattered in the world\'s emotions.
One who seeks great grace, I am pleased. His words and the highest peace
known to man, one who is mindful wandering one should bypass the lusts
of the world; Jaha bhanindham means that the word of the Lord is the way
of His words, preaching, and sermons. The word Abhintami means that I am
delighted, pleased, joyful, pleased, contented, desired, loved,
enthralled, hence the name. I am pleased with His words. The word
consort, in the name of consort Santimuttamam, means that the Blessed
One seeks, seeks, seeks the Great Silakhand. Therefore, it is called the
Consort. The Blessed One seeks, seeks, seeks, finds the great samadhi,
etc. The Blessed One lives in Where? Where is the Lord Narasa resides?
Therefore it is called the Queen. Immortal Nirvana. renunciation of all
possessions lust The fulfillment of defilements, the cessation of
craving, is a boundary line, called peace in the sense of
\"santimuttam\". The word Uttama means supreme excellence, being the
supreme chairman, therefore it is called the wife Santimuttam. \[235\]
The word that an enlightened person is mindful wanders, meaning to
enlighten, to compare, to consider, to prosper, to enlighten.
enlightened, enlightened \... enlightened, all sankharas are
impermanent, etc. Anything happens naturally. All things have a natural
extinction. The word mindful means having mindfulness for four reasons:
mindfulness, cultivating mindfulness, contemplation. Seeing the body in
the body, etc., that person is called Be a conscious person. The word
\"Ram\" means to travel, travel around, change posture, behave,
maintain, maintain, heal. Therefore, it is called notified Be a person
who is conscious to travel. \[236\] Craving, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha
Lobha Akusolmul is called tanha, wandering through various emotions in
the senses as \'Tre Loke Visttikam\'. The word visattika means lust is
named visattika. Because of what? Etc. because of its meaning that it is
spread widely, therefore it is called vistika. The word loke means in
the ill-conceived world, etc., in the sense of the world. Crossing the
lusts of the world\'s emotions, one should be mindful of crossing, that
is, crossing up, crossing over. I, I am late, pass away. The desires
that pass away in the world\'s moods, therefore, it is called that one
should bypass the craving. fade away

in the emotions of the world. O Lord, who seeks great grace I am pleased
with His words and the highest peace known to man. Being a person who is
mindful to travel one should bypass the lusts of the world\'s feelings.
I know some kind of dharma. which is the highest and lowest virtue and
wide middle layer You know this Dharma. It is a related tool in the
world. Then do not lust for the small world and the great world. \[238\]
The word that you know some kind of dharma. You know, that is, you know,
you know only, you thrust through any dharma, hence your name. Knowing
any dharma. The Blessed One calls that brahmin by the name Dhotaka in
the sense \"Dhotakati Bhagava\". The word \'Bhagava\' is a sign of
respect, etc. This \'Bhagava\' is a commandment truth. Therefore, it is
called the Blessed One. Prabhaka said: Look at Gordhotaka. \[239\] The
Blessed One spoke in the future that the high-ranking person in the
country was \"Udtha Athotiriya japi majje\" as follows: He said in the
past that he was low. Now that The middle class is wide. On the other
hand, he said that he was high, he said that he was suffering, that he
was low. The middle class is wide. Speaks virtuous dharmas, high rank,
salutes virtuous dharmas, lower ranks. The middle class is wide. Said
the gods as high. Said the world to despise the world as low. Said the
worldly man The middle class is wide. Enlightenment as high-ranking;
enlightenment of the kama-element as low-level; enlightenment of the
element: The middle class is wide. Says the upper part as far as the
soles of the feet as \"high class\" m. Therefore, they are called upper,
lower, and broad middle. \[240\] The word thou knowest that dharma. It
is related to the world. The meaning of knowing is knowing, comparing,
considering, making it clear. This Dharma is related. This nature is the
contrary, this nature is the binding. This Dharma is a concern,
therefore it is known that It is a related tool in the world. \[241\]
The word do not commit craving for the great and small worlds: form of
craving, passion, gandha, lust, lustful, lustful, dharma. For the sake
of the little world and the great world, it means that you should not do
it, that is, do not make it happen, do not make it ready, do not make it
happen. Don\'t let it happen only, let go, alleviate, end. To the
non-existence of craving, for the small and great worlds, for the karmic
world (Kammavata), for the Punnabhava (vipavata), for the kama
(kama-datta), for the kamma-vata (Kamma-vata). ) for the kamikava, for
the mortality (vapikavat), for the form, for the kamma, for the rebirth
of the world, for the non-formal world, for the karmic realm, for the
liberation, which Born again in the immortal, for the joy of meeting,
for the frequent motto. For frequent occurrences, for fertilization, for
frequent birth of the self, therefore it is called not to lust for the
little world.

and the great world. Because of that The Blessed One said, You know one
thing. which is the upper dharma, the lower rank, and the broad middle
rank. You know this Dharma. As a companion in the world, do not lust for
the small world and the great world. Along with the end of the spell,
etc., sit and worship Anchalee. The Blessed One declared that Blessed
One The Blessed One is my teacher. I am a disciple, therefore. End.
Thotaman wa Nittas problem No. 5. Concerning the problems of Venerable
Upasiwa \[242\] (Phra Upasiwa asked) I am the only one, no longer
dependent, unable to cross the great void. O Lord of the eyes, may you
speak up the mood in which I have lived. You can skip this void. \[243\]
The word Eko in the context of Eko aham saka mahatamokham means that I
have no friend. or no Dharma as a friend. Relying on a person or by
virtue of the Dharma, I should cross, that is, to cross up, cross over,
go over, go beyond the sensual pleasures. Vaokha ditthiokha avijja ogha
is great, therefore it is called the only one. The word skaka is the
Blessed One who is Sakyaraja. The Blessed One was ordained from the
Sakya-\*family, although hence the name Vajsakka. The Blessed One is
wealthy and possesses a lot of wealth even because of this reason. So he
was named Phra Sakka. He has these things: property is faith, property
is morality, property is hiri. Property is Ottappa Property is Suta
Property is Property is wisdom, property is Satipatthana, etc. Property
is nirvana. The Blessed One is wealthy, possessing a lot of wealth,
counting as having many wealth. even therefore So he was named Sakka.
Another one. The Blessed One, the valiant, valiant, valiant, valiant
savior Courage, advancement, not cowardice, not terrified, not startled,
not fleeing, the fear of cowardice has been abandoned, without the fury.
Even for this reason it is called a Sakka, therefore it is called
\"Sakka\". I am the only one \... Okha Yai. The word Iti in the upheath
is \"Ijjasma Upasiwo\" as follows: it is an intercourse. \"Aysma\" is a
saying of love. The word Upasiva is a name, etc., is the invocation of
that brahmin. Therefore, he was called Upasiva asked the following
questions: \[244\] The word Anissato in the upheath is \"anissito no
vishami taritu\", which means neither relying on a person nor relying on
the Dhamma. .

The word cannot means not industrious, cannot, cannot. The word skip
means to cross, to jump up, to go beyond, to jump. It is eclipsed by
kama-oga, bhava-oga, ditthioka, avijja-oga, therefore it is said that it
cannot be relied upon and cannot be crossed. \[245\] The word armanam
pruhi in the word \"armanam pruhi samantakkhu\" means that the Lord
speaks, that is, to tell \... to declare the emotions. Na is the anchor,
the dwelling, the one that enters and dwells in the omniscient one,
called Samantachakhu, in the word O Lord. , the Blessed One comes in,
comes in, comes in, comes in, comes in That instinct. The Tathagata did
not see anything at all in this world. know what He did not know it,
none at all. The Tathagata knows all things. Whatever nature should be
introduced, the Tathagata lives up to that nature. because of that
Therefore the Tathagata was called having an eye, hence the name Ask him
to speak his emotions. \[246\] The word yam nissito in the word \"yam
nissito okhamim treiyam\" is as follows: dependent on a person or
relying on the dharma. One should cross this void, that is, one should
cross over, go over, go over, go over, go beyond.
Kaga-bhava-oga-ditthi-okha avijja-okha, therefore it is called dependent
on which one should bypass this void, for that reason Then the brahmin
said: I am a monk I am the only one, no longer dependent, unable to
cross the great void. O Lord of the eyes, may you, say the mood in which
I have lived, I may bypass this void. 247\] (The Blessed One said:
\"Look, Upasiva) You must be mindful to look at the ignorance of
self-sacrifice, relying on meditation, which is Go saying that one thing
is no more, skip the void. May you leave all sensual desires. Aside from
all doubts, consider the extinction of craving night and day. \[248\]
The word thou shalt be mindful of pitying the aggression.
Janyatanasamabhat means that the Brahmin Acquired a sacrament of
self-sacrifice, usually, I do not know that this is our dwelling place.
The Blessed One said to the brahman that samadhi was the dwelling place
and the Dharma as the path leading up to that brahmin. You entered into
the contract After coming out of the Samadhi, look, look, look, look,
look, and look at the Dhamma, that is, the mind and the cetasikas that
arise in that Samadhi. In fairness it is impermanent, suffering,
disease, abscess, arrow, hardship, affliction, damage, skunk. Sin is
something that is not prosperous, it is a danger, it is an obstacle, it
is a wave, it is a destruction, it is an unsustainable thing. Something
that has no resistance, something that has no place belonging, not
belonging, belonging

It is no refuge, it is empty, it is lost, it is soulless, it is a
punishment, it is perverted. It is a non-essential product. as a source
of suffering belonging to undeveloped belonging to filth as an assassin
It is fair that the additives are the victims of the devil. Things of
normal nationality are things of normal old age. It is normal to have a
parasite. It\'s a normal thing that\'s dead. It is the nature of Soka,
Parideva, Sorrow and Sorrow and Upayas. It is something that is born
naturally. It is something that is naturally extinguished, it is
something that is unsatisfactory. It\'s Mi-A-Teen\'s It\'s an item
without a salad maker. The word mindfulness means remembrance,
remembrance, specific recollection, etc. This right mindfulness is
called mindfulness. Shama, coming in with, reaching, reaching, with,
attached to this mindfulness, says that he is mindful, therefore he is
called mindful. Look at Akinchanayatsapat. The Blessed One called that
brahmin by the name Upasiva, in the context of Upasivati, Bhagava, as
follows. Etc., the word \"Bhagava\" is a commandment of truth, therefore
it is called the Blessed One replied: \"Look at Upasiva.\" Go, saying
that one little thing is no longer like this, skip it, ah ah, thus,
ignorance, because of the meaning of one little thing I don\'t have it
There is no reason. Brahmin. is one who is mindful, enters the soul, has
come out of that state and has not yet reached that spirit, that is why
it grows, becomes clear, and disappears. would see that there is nothing
less or nothing. Because of that Therefore, it is called
Akinchanayatanasapat because of the meaning of anything less than one.
You do not have to dwell, that is, to dwell there. make a mood Let it be
a hindrance, then cross over, go up, go over, go over, go over the
kamma-oga, bhava-ga. Ditthiokha, avijja okha. Therefore, it is called
based on the nature of things that are no more like this. Skip the void.
\[250\] by exclaiming that kama, kama, pahai, virato, kathahi, as
follows: kathƒÅhi, there are two kinds of sensual objects, 1 lustful
lust, etc. These are called verbs. These erotic objects, etc., are
called defilements. All the vagabonds give up alleviating and end them,
leading to the absence of all defilements. hence the name All of them.
Wijikicha is called doubt in the world as virato kathahi. Doubt,
suffering, etc., that the mind is anxious, interested, abstaining,
abstaining, withdrawing, shattering, liberating. Not involved in doubt,
willing to make it free from boundaries. Even for this reason it is
called refraining from all doubts. the other, refraining, refraining,
refraining from, shake off, liberation, irrelevant by the gods- \*32
words, one has a mind to free. the boundary is Even for this reason it
is called refraining from all doubts, therefore it is called the
abandonment of all sensual pleasures. except for doubt

All. \[251\] Form tanha, satdanha, gandha, rantaha, dharma, tanha,
namely tanha, in the Utheswa \"tanhakhakhaya‡πç rattamahabipassa\" as
follows. Night. Named ratta. Daytime is called Aha. You look,
contemplate, look, examine, examine, contemplate, which is the
extinction of craving, which is the demise of lust, hatred, delusion,
ideology, upapathy, and paternity. Have pity on the law both at night
and in the middle of the day Therefore, it is called to consider The end
of lust all night and day. because of that The Blessed One said, Thou
shalt be a conscious person to look at the sanctity of self-sacrifice,
relying on the nature of things that at least do not have. Thus, skip
the void. You have cast off all sensual pleasures, refraining from all
doubts, contemplating the demise of craving forever. Night and day.
\[252\] (Phra Upasiva asked) Who is free from all sexual desires? give
up other properties Relying on the instincts Congratulations to the
Vimokkha contract. In particular, that person, who is not shaken, should
remain in that aggression - the realization of the realization. \[253\]
The word sappesu in the word \"sabbesu kamesu yo vitrago\", thus, all by
definition. All in all, there is nothing left, no rest. The word sappesu
is a collective expression. There are two kinds of kamesu-kamas: sensual
objects, 1 lust - \*erotic kamma 1. Etc., these are called self. These
things are called defilements. The word \"Whoever is free from all lust
for sensual pleasures\" means one who is free from lust, that is, to
renounce, let go, renounce, and subdue all lust, hence the name. Whoever
is free from all sensual desires. The word Iti in the euphemism ijjasma
upasiwo is a junction. The word Aysma is a symbol of love. Upasiva is
the name, etc., and is the recitation of that brahmin, therefore it is
called Upasiva asked: \[254\] the word renounce Relying on agility,
which means refraining, neglecting, neglecting, advancing, having gone
past the six lowest levels of existence, dependent on the who comes in
with pleasure and willingness to go to the greed of enlightenment,
therefore it is called abandoning other sacraments by relying on agility
\[255\] The word sympathizes in the liberation contract, it means that
the seven samatha sai sai sai savant. Those contracts
Akinyanayatanasapat is Wimok, Excellent, Prasert, Wonderful, Presiding,
Abundant and Very. I bow to the promise of great liberation. Excellent.

Prasert Wimok is the chairman, extremely rich, with Athimuttayumokha,
that is, he is willing to go in that promise, let *him go in that
promise. behavior in the contract Much is in the liberation contract.
heavy in the contract of liberation leaning into the liberation contract
transferred to the contract Leaning into* the Vimokkha contract, there
is the great contract of Vimokkha. Therefore, it is said to be very
willing to go in the Vimok contract. Ya Tit‡πÄa Nu in the word \"Tit nu
sottha annuayayi\" as follows, it is a question with doubt. It\'s a
two-sided question. It is not the only question that That\'s how it is.
Or, or not? Is this the case? Why is this? How is it? The name should
persist? The word Ananyayi means not to be moved, that is, not afraid,
not faded, not faded, not faded. not lustful, not offended, not
delusional, not tainted, hence the name that one is not shaken. be
careful Is it that ignorance or not? Therefore, the brahmin said,
Whoever is free from all sensual desires give up other properties
Relying on the instincts Congratulations to the Vimokkha contract. In
particular, that person, who is not shaken, should remain in that
aggression - the realization of the realization. \[257\] (The Blessed
One replied, \"Look Upadsiva,\" whoever is free from all sensual
desires. give up other properties Relying on the instincts succumbs to
the promise of liberation, that one has no suspicion. should remain in
that contract-vimokkha. \[258\] The word sappesu in the Udeh means
\"sappesu gamesu yo vitrago\" as follows, meaning ... no. There is a
rest. The word "sabbesu" is a collective expression. By exclamation,
there are two kinds of kamesuka, namely, lustful objects, 1 lustful,
etc. These are called erotic objects, etc. These are called lustful
objects. Whoever is devoid of all lust for sensual pleasures, whoever is
devoid of lust The Blessed One called the Brahman by the name Upasiva in
the Upasivati as follows. By respecting, etc., this word \"Bhagava\" is
the truth of the commandment. Therefore it is called the Blessed One who
replied: \"Upasavi\". \[259\] the word renounce by virtue of ignorance,
neglect, humility

go to akinyatanasapati, therefore it is called abandoning other Relying
on Akinyaton- *Sasamatthip. \[260\] The word sympathizes in the promise
of liberation, it means that the seven sacraments are said. Sanya
Vimokkha ... there is a great promise of Vimokkha, therefore it is
called very sympathetic to the Vimokkha contract. \[261\] The word tit
yaya in the Uthea as \"Tit t t t t t ttha annuayi\" thus means that it
should remain for sixty thousand kalpa. The word ttatha means that in
the akincanyatanatamapat, the word Ananyayi means not to be shaken...
hence the name that one is not shaken. must remain in
Akinchanayanasapati that. Therefore, the Blessed One said, Whoever is
free from all sensual desires give up other properties Relying on the
instincts already satisfied in the contract - very liberal that person
has no fear should maintain the affliction of that kindness \[262\] If
that person is not shaken should remain in that state. O Lord of the
eyes One who is freed, having coolness, should have in that existence
even many years. a person\'s soul So should there be? \[263\] The word
tit t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t t anuyayi thus means
that if one should be bent Sixty thousand years old The word Ananyayi
means not to be shaken ... not to be sad, therefore it is said that if
one is not shaken, dwells in Aki. That consciousness. \[264\] The word
\"Pukampi Wassanam\" in the Uthes as \"Pukampi Wassanam Samantachakku\"
is as follows: even a lot of years is a mother. Many years, hundreds of
years, thousands of years, hundreds of thousands of years, hundreds of
thousands, thousands of kpees, hundreds of thousands of eclipses. Lord*
, O Lord, who has the eye, etc. Therefore, the Tathagata is called
having the eye, therefore it is called Having an eye \... even for many
years. \[265\] The word that one is freed, cool, should be in that
existence, the spirit of such a person. should have? that that person is
a person who is a sustainable person who is upright normal variance In
that treasure should be established in that realm that is true. one more
thing That brahmin asks about the truth and the absence of a person who
was born in the void of consciousness that one\'s soul should move will
perish and perish, there should be no Spiritual fertilization should not
arise in the elemental form or in the Arpu. The following elements, or
did you ask? Parinirvana and fertilization of a person who has been born
in the realm of nirvana, that person will pass away.

with anupƒÅdisesa nirvana elements in the realm of nirvana? That
person\'s consciousness should be moved, and his consciousness should be
fertilized again in the sense-elemental, form-element, or
immaterial-element. The word Tathavidhassa means that of such a person,
that of such a person, one who exists, therefore, who is thus. One who
is born in the ignorant world, therefore is called one who is freed,
cool, should be in the realm of consciousness. Should there be a soul of
such a person? Then the brahmin said: if that person has no trepidation
should remain in that state. O Lord of the eyes One who is freed, having
coolness, should have in that existence even many years. a person\'s
soul So should there be? \[266\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Look,
Upavasiva) The flame has been extinguished because of the wind. As the
muni is freed from the noun body, so does the absence, does not reach
the count. \[267\] Flame. Fai said, Acci in the guise, \"Acci yatha
vatweken khittam.\" Thus, the east wind, the west wind, the north wind,
the south wind, the wind has no dust, and there is no cool wind. A
raging wind, a raging wind, a raging wind, the wind but the wings of a
bird, the wind but the garuda, the wind but the palm leaves, the wind
but blowing is called Vata. The word has been extinguished because of
the wind. The word \'extinction\' means being lost, gone, gone, gone,
gone, gone because of the wind, so it is called the fire extinguished
because of the wind ... The brahmin is called Upasiva in the context of
\"Upasivati Bhagava\" as follows. This part of the sect is the truth,
therefore it is called. The Blessed One replied: \"Oupasavi\", the word
Attha paleti in the state. Atthaham paletin upeti sangkha, thus, the
word ceases, that is, to the end, to the extinction, to the cessation,
to cease, to cease. The word does not reach. Count means not having
access to counting means not having access to references, speculations,
ordinances. The flame has gone to that direction, therefore it is called
nothingness, incomprehensible to count. \[269\] The word awam in the
word \"Eaw muni namkaya vimutto\" is also a parable. Nana says Mona in
the word muni. Etc. Muni is past. which the price is the price Concerns
and lust are like a network. The word muni is freed from body name and
form, usually, muni has neglected body name and body form. Forsaking is
complacency and aggression, by virtue of the Blessed One, the Four Noble
Paths have been established. know

body noun Because he is the one who determines the name of the body and
the body, he is freed, that is, the magic of the name body. and the body
with a single part of the magic liberation, therefore it is called the
Muni freed from the noun body \... so. \[270\] The word means nothing.
In the words \"Attham paletin upeti sangkha\" as follows: the muni has
attained nirvana by means of nirvana. Yanupa- *Disespainirvana of the
elements. The word incomprehensible to count means that the muni does
not reach count, that is, does not reach references, speculations,
ordinances. It is a king, a brahmin, a sex, a lord, a layman, a monk, a
god, a human being. animal work with pictures It is a formless animal.
It is an animal with a contract. It is an animal without a contract. Or
is it not a contract animal? There is no contract. Muni has no Because
there are no factors that cause the machine to be recorded. Therefore,
it is called a non-existence. access to count because of that The
Blessed One said, The flame was extinguished because of the wind. Just
as the muni is absent, it does not reach the count. So the muni is freed
from the noun body, it is the nonexistence, it does not reach the count.
\[271\] Muni. Is it the one who has passed away, or is it not there, or
is it one who is free from disease, by virtue of being virtuous? Your
Highness, the Muni, please tell me the problem very well, you know the
truth. \[272\] The word Muni is extinct. or that Muni does not mean that
Muni is the Has it been extinguished or is that Muni? It is nonexistent,
that the Muni is extinct and is lost, therefore the Muni is the Extinct,
or the Muni is nonexistent. . \[273\] The word or chamuni He is free
from disease by virtue, meaning that Muni is sustainable, that is, he is
upright. There is no normal variance. should be established in the realm
of the* realm of consciousness, therefore it is called, or Munni, who is
free from disease. n nobleman. \[274\] The word tam in the context of
tamme muni sathu wiyarohi thus means that I ask, ask, ask, invite, He
had any problems. Nana, you call Mona, in the word muni, etc. Muni is
past the price of dharma. Attachments and lust are like a network. \"May
the Lord speak \... well, it means, may the Lord speak \... Penong Muni,
please tell me the problem. I do well. \[275\] The word that the Lord
knows the Dharma then really what He knows is

He knows, compares, contemplates, clarifies and manifests. Therefore it
is called that He knows the truth. because of that Then the brahmin
said: Is the Muni the extinct one or the Muni? No or that Muni is a
disease-free person with integrity. May the Holy Muni, please tell me
the problem very well. The Lord knows that truth, indeed. \[276\] (The
Blessed One replied, \"Look, Upasiva.) There is no finite number of
persons who have passed away. People think that the person with what
passion That defilement does not belong to that person. When all the
dharmas that a person has been withdrawn of all words That person has
been withdrawn . It means that the person who has passed away is
nirvana, by means of nirvana, nirvana, inevitable, unavoidable,
unavoidable, approximating form, approximating feeling. Approximately of
the contract about the body of the soul approximation of the form, etc.
A person who has died, has been abandoned, has been cut off, has been
calmed, has been suppressed, preventing it from happening. Burned with
fire is wisdom, therefore it is said that the person who has been
extinguished is infinite. The Blessed One called for that brahmin. By
the name Upasiva in the Upasivati Bhagava as follows. Therefore, the
Blessed One replied, \'O Upasavi.\' There is no defilement to that
person. Thus, people should say (that person) with lust, with hatred,
with delusion, by mana, by view. By any willingness to act in any way
that that person is the one who prescribes, is offended, infatuated, or
have a binding endeavor Be a confident holder a person who is distracted
is the one who disagrees or is the shareholder are enforcing those that
person has abandoned because that person has given up on greed, why
should people say, that person who was born in hell He was born, he was
born, he was born, he was born, he was human, he was a deity, he was a
creature. is a shapeless animal being an animal with a contract It\'s an
animal without a contract. or whether it is an animal with a contract,
not without a contract, that person has no cause, no factors, no kala
should be said, should be said, be able to speak; therefore, people
should call that person for what defilements That defilement does not
belong to that person. \[279\] when all the dharmas that a person has
withdrawn that when all dharmas That is, when the khandhayatana element,
the motto of fertility, All the things that a person that has been
withdrawn is withdrawn and ready Pull up and pull up and you\'re ready.
Rise and rise Ready, break up, cut off, cut off, calm down, stop,
prevent it from happening, burned up.

By fire is knowledge, therefore it is called when all dharmas that one
has withdrawn. \[280\] The word of the way of all words that person has
withdrawn the meaning of defilement and Apisankharatas that the way of
the words, the way of the words, the way of the name which that person
has already withdrawn Pulled up ready Pulled up Ready Pulled up Ready
Risen Ready Abandoned Cut off Peaceful Suppressed W prevents this from
happening. It is burned with the fire of wisdom, therefore it is called
even the way of all words. That person has withdrawn. because of that
The Blessed One said, A person who has passed away has no estimate.
People think that the person with what passion That defilement does not
belong to that person. When all the dharmas that a person has been
withdrawn Of all the words, that person has been withdrawn. with the end
of the chant The Blessed One is our teacher. I am a disciple as follows.
End of Upasivamanova problem Nittathes 6. ---------- Concerning the
problems of Lord Nanda \[281\] (Reverend Nanda asked:) The people would
say no. All ja muni exist in this world. What is this verse? I mentioned
to the person who operates. with the intellect as a muni or shall refer
to a person who consists of Being as a munni \[282\] The word santi in
Uthes santi loke munyo thus means that there is will appear, will
appear. The word in the world means in the world of evil, etc., in the
sense of the world. The word Muni means vocational, Nikranat, Chadil,
Dabos, named Muni, hence the name. Muni exist in the world. The word iti
in the euphemism ijjasma nontho, as follows, is a constituent chapter.
The word ayasma is a symbol of love. The word Nanto is a name, etc., is
the invocation of that brahmin. hence the name Phra Nanda asked: \[283\]
The word \"people in the upheaval\" is janavadanti, tayit, kathasu, as
follows: Kings, Brahmins, Pais, Sutras, Banpachits, Devas, and Humans.
Saijom said, Said Jai. I say, I show the commandment.

The word Tayit Kathsu is a question with doubt. It is a question of
suspicion. Isn\'t this the case? Why is this matter? How is it?
Therefore it is called the people. How is this point? \[284\] The word
\"people\" refers to a person who possesses insight as a muni, or
\"people\", that is, abbreviations. to say, to say, to show Aom is
composed of the enlightened mind with the eight realms, or with the five
Apinya mind as a muni, hence the name people who A person who possesses
the perception that he is a muni. \[285\] The words or words of the
people said that the person who possesses the being as a muni means or
that people say \... By the persistence of a person who lives in sorrow,
who performs many extremely difficult deeds is a muni, therefore it is
called or Well, they say that the person who possesses his being is a
muni. Therefore the brahmins say that the people say that the muni exist
in the world. What is this verse? I mentioned to the person who
operates. with the intellect as a muni or shall refer to a person who
consists of Being a mundane \[286\] Look at Nanda, the wise one does not
mention a person who has a view. Shaysuta with insight as a muni. Which
people have disposed of the sena? Those who have no sorrows, have no
hope of wandering, those are muni. \[287\] The words of Ditiya in
Uthayawan Thitiya Sutiyanane are as follows: The wise one does not say
It is written purely with opinions. The word Na Sutiya means not
speaking purely by listening. Na Naen means not speaking. Even with a
comprehensible intellect, 8 not to mention with a false sense, hence the
name Yor. \[288\] The word Kusala in the upheath is Munidha, Nontha,
Kusala. Thanti as follows: You, the wise man in the khandha. You who are
wise in the elements You who are wise in the senses You are wise in
meditation You are wise in mindfulness The wise man in the supplication
A wise person in power You are wise in the organics You are wise in
physical education The wise man in the phochong You who are wise in the
path You are wise in the results. The wise man in Nirvana. Those wise
men would not say ... one who is pure with pure opinions with pure
listening. d with purity, with comprehension, with samadhi 8

or with the wrong perception that he is a muni, hence the name
Dukananda, the wise ... said ... as a muni. \[289\] Words that I would
say to them that I have eradicated the sena. One who has no sorrow, no
hope, wanders. Those people are muni, saying, Sena, the corrupt body is
the Sana. work Corruption is a pillar of strength. sensuality is a demon
Wrath is a sena, *a monarch is a pillar of anger and affliction. Anger,
negativity, hypocrisy, envy stinginess, deceit Relentlessness, good
competition, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all
defilements, all corruption. All anxiety, all passion, all trouble All
Akusalaphisankharas are supreme masters. Kama said that he was his 1st
Sena. His displeasure Said to be his second sena. Hunger and thirst He
said that he was his 3rd sect. Tanha said that she was her 4th Sena. The
dish is said to be your 5th Sena. Your cowardice is said to be your 6th
Sena. Wichichi He said that he was his 7th Sena. Your 8th Sena. Wealth,
praise, worship, rank that is wrongly acquired are sana. Exaltation and
humiliation of others are Sana. This is your lord (a devil does not let
you go) who executes you, a common man. He did not dare to defeat that
Sena. The brave can win, and when they win they gain happiness as
follows page fleeing by the Four Noble Paths, at that time those people,
I say, have been eliminated. The word Anika means lust, hatred,
delusion, anger, attachment, etc.* Akusala- Bhisankhara . is suffering.
those suffering Those who have been cut off, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevent it from happening. Burned with the fire, that is the
insight, say those who are without suffering. lust for lust, sarakha,
etc. Hope in the word nirasa follows. Hope is this craving. Those who
have been torn apart \... burned with the fire are the souls. They say
that those who do not There is hope. I say that those who have been
swept away, no sorrow, no hope, wander, those are muni. I would say ...
I would declare that these people are the Arahants. Having eliminated
the snare, there is no sorrow, there is no hope, and travels, that is,
turning the liberty into healing and healing them as muni in the world.
Therefore, it is called \"Rujai\". He said that

Which people have disposed of the sena? being a person without suffering
Without hope, wandering, those people are muni. because of that The
Blessed One said, Look, the wise man does not speak. People who are made
up of ditthi, dhisuta, in the sense that they are muni. Whoever has
disposed of the sena being a person without suffering Without hope,
wandering, those people are muni. \[290\] (Phra Nanda asked:) Any of
these brahmins would say purity with some seeing and hearing with some
precepts and observances, with some kinds of auspicious things. (O
Blessed One), the sorrowful, those recluses and brahmins are the
masters. Has he lived in such a view that he has crossed over from birth
and old age? Lord, I would like to ask that question. please Tell me
that problem. \[291\] The word Yekeji in the upheath as Yekejime
samanabrahmana se thus means that all, by all means. All in all, there
is nothing left, there is no leftover. The word Yekaji is a collective
expression. Any of these peoples have access to ordination, that is,
with ordination, outside this Buddhism they are called monks. f that he
has the vatacharoen, his name is a brahmin. Therefore, he is called a
brahman Ma nanto thus is the constituent chapter. The word Aysma is a
symbol of love. The word Nando, the name, etc., is the invocation of
that brahmin. hence the name Phra Nanda asked: \[292\] The word acronym
speaks purely by seeing and listening. In short, the law of purification
is supreme purity, purity, liberation, liberation, cessation, by some
taunt ... by hearing. \... with some seeing and hearing hence the name
It speaks of purity by seeing and with some hearing. \[293\] The word
means purity with morality and observance. Some say ... enact
purification ... some liberation with some precepts ... with some
sacraments ... with with both precepts and observances Therefore, it is
called purification with virtue and character. \[294\] The word stands
for purity with many kinds of auspiciousness. Says \... enacts
purification \... Auspicious cessation is a lot of rituals and
awakening, so it\'s called Ya. Jom speaks of purity with many kinds of
auspiciousness. \[295\] The word kaccissa in the Udeva kaccissa te
(bhagava) ttath yata caranta as follows:

It was a questioning question. It was a question with suspicion. It is a
two-sided question, not a single part of asking whether the matter is
like this or not. Why is this matter? or how? Therefore, is it called
some? The word Te is the ascetic and brahmins who have a viewpoint. The
word \'Bhagava\' is a sign of respect, etc. This \'Bhagava\' is a
commandment truth. hence the name I, the Blessed One The ascetics and
brahmins are ... or something. The word ttttha in uttthava tta yata
carnata is thus: in one\'s view, in one\'s own right. in their pleasure
in their cult. The word Yata means comprehension, preservation,
protection, guarding, carefulness. The word voyage means to wander
around, take turns, change one\'s posture, to maintain, to heal, hence
its name. Ja (My Lord, the Blessed One) Those ascetics and brahmins are
the masters. and then behave in that view \... or something. \[296\] The
word, O Lord \... has crossed the nation. and old age means that has
crossed, that is, crossed up, crossed over, gone past birth and death. .
The word Maris is a symbol of love. This word Maris is a symbol of love.
with respect and reverence hence the name O Lord, the immortal \... has
crossed over birth and old age. \[297\] The word \"Puchami ta\" in the
context of \"Puchami ta\", \"Phagava pruhi Metam\" means that I ask,
ask, invite, make an announcement. which the problem Ask him to hear
tell me the problem hence the name I would like to ask that question.
The word bhagava is a respectful sign, etc. This bhagava is the law of
truth. The words \"May the Lord speak to me the problem\" means, \"May
the Lord speak \... declare it. Therefore, it is called I, the Blessed
One I would like to ask that question. Please, please tell me that
problem. Therefore the brahmin said, any one of these brahmins would say
purity with some seeing and hearing with some precepts and observances,
with some kinds of auspicious things. (O Blessed One), the sorrowful,
those recluses and brahmins are the masters. Has he lived in such a view
that he has crossed over from birth and old age? Lord, I would like to
ask that question. Please, please tell me the problem. \[298\] (The
Blessed One replied, \"Dokarnanda) Which of these recluses and brahmins
would say purity with sight and with some hearing with precepts and
observances

With many kinds of auspicious things. We say that those ascetics and
brahmins, even those who are gathered, behave in that view. But they
cannot go through life and get old. \[299\] The word Yekeji means all by
definition. All, by all means, nothing left, no color, nothing left. The
word Yegeji is the all-encompassing word. any one of them access to
ordination, with access to ordination outside But this Buddhism is
called a monk. any of these people make a claim He has the word to
prosper His name is Brahmin. hence the name Which of these monks and
brahmins? One of these. The Blessed One called that brahmana by the name
Nanda in the abbreviation of Nontati-bhagava as follows. uttered with
respect, etc., the word \'Bhagava\' is a commandment truth. Therefore,
it is called the Blessed One. Prabhak replied, \"Look at Nanda. \[300\]
Words speak purity by seeing and listening; eloquent sayings; short
sayings. to show the law of sanctity magic purity Purity, liberation,
salvation, liberation, with some seeing ... with some hearing ... with
some seeing and some hearing. hence the name It is said to be pure by
sight and with some hearing. \[301\] The word speaks of purity with
virtue. And the rules to change the meaning said\... enacts purification
... liberation with certain precepts ... with certain practices ... with
certain precepts and practices Therefore it is called purification by
virtue and character. \[302\] The word stands for purity with many kinds
of auspiciousness. Saying \... short decrees are auspicious rituals and
news. hence the name would say Purely with many kinds of auspiciousness.
\[303\] Words, kijapi, in Udejjaki japitettthaya tacharnti is a
constituent chapter. is a related chapter as a complete chapter maker It
is the unity of the characters. It is the refinement of the consonants.
This japi follows the order of the word Te, that is, Brahmins who have
views. The word ttaka means one\'s view, one\'s own worth, one\'s own
preference, one\'s doctrine. The word Yata means to comprehend,
preserve, protect, guard, and be careful. The word Janti means to travel
... to heal, hence the name. even the brahmins Those are already
gathered. behave in that view. \[304\] The word I would say ... I could
not transmigrate and grow old, I would say ... I would say. to cross, to
cross up, to go beyond, to go beyond the Aging and death cannot be, that
is, not leaving, not giving up, not advancing, not passing from birth,
aging and death, lingering within birth, aging and death. circling
within the path of compassion, through life, old age follows, parasite
dominates, death crushes. There is no resistance, no shelter, no refuge,
no refuge, hence the name.

that we would say It is impossible to become multinational and old.
because of that The Blessed One said, any one of these brahmins Says
purity by seeing and with some hearing. with precepts and observances,
with many kinds of auspicious things. collectively, behave in that view
but he could not go beyond birth and old age. \[305\] this one say
purity by seeing and hearing with some kinds of precepts and observances
If the Blessed One had told those brahmins that they could not cross the
void. O Lord of sorrow then Now who in the worlds and mankind has
transmigrated and has grown old. I, the Blessed One I would like to ask
that question, may you please tell me that problem. \[306\] The word
Yekeji in the premise of Yekeji me Samanabrahmanase thus means that all
by all means. All in all, there is nothing left, there is no leftover.
The word Yegeji is a collective expression. Any of these peoples have
access to ordination, that is, with ordination. Outside of this Buddhism
is called a monk. Any of these people that he has the word to prosper
His name is Brahmin. hence the name any one of these monks and brahmins.
The word iti in the euphemism ijjasma nontho, as follows, is a
constituent chapter. The word ayasma is a symbol of love. The word
Nando, the name, etc., is the invocation of that brahmin. hence the name
Phra Nanda asked: \[307\] The word speaks purely by seeing and
listening; saying, saying, is saying. The showman, the commander of
purification, is the supreme purity. Purity, liberation, salvation,
liberation, by seeing ... by hearing ... by seeing and hearing.
therefore, it is called It is said to be pure by sight and with some
hearing. \[308\] The word speaks of purity with virtue. and the rites
said that\...yep decrees purification ... liberation with certain
precepts ... with certain practices ... with both precepts and certain
observances, therefore it is called Om speaks of purity with sali and
temples. \[309\] The word means purity with many kinds of auspicious
things. The word ... yep, the auspicious decree is a lot of rituals and
news, hence the name Yor. Speaks of purity With many kinds of auspicious
things. \[310\] The word te je in teh je muni prusi anokhatin, thus, the
ascetics and brahmins who have a viewpoint Yannathan said that Mona in
the role of Muni, etc., the Blessed One

It is already past that the price is related. And lust is like a net, a
muni. The word stands for ... I cannot cross the void, meaning I I
can\'t jump, that is, I can\'t jump up, I can\'t jump anymore.
Impossible to advance, impossible to pass. Ditthiokha Avijja Okha
circulates in old life and death, circulates in pity, goes by life, old
age follows, parasite reigns. death was pounding no resistance No hiding
place, no refuge, no refuge. The word spoken is the true word. ...he
proclaims, therefore it is called that if As a muni said Those recluses
and brahmins cannot bypass the void. \[311\] The word, O Lord when it
was so, now who in the worlds and mankind can transmigrate and grow old?
Who is it in the world with the gods, the devils, the brahma worlds,
among the beings with the recluses and brahmins? Angels and humans have
crossed, that is, they have risen, they have crossed, they have passed,
they have passed. It has passed away from birth, old age and death. The
word Maris is a symbol of love. It is said with respect. The word Maris
is said to go with respect and reverence, therefore it is called, O Lord
of the suffering. When it was so, who now speaks of the transnational
worlds and mankind and You can get old now. \[312\] The word \"Puchami
ta\" in the context of \"Puchami ta\", \"Bhagava pruhi me\", thus I
would like to ask, that is, to ask, to invite, to ask. contemplating the
problem, saying, may the Lord hear tell me that problem, therefore it is
called that I ask that question. Etc. This word bhagava is the truth of
the commandment, the word bless you. Tell me that problem, saying, Lord,
please speak ... please declare. Therefore, my name is Lord. I would
like to ask that question, may you please tell me that problem. because
of that Then the brahmin said: any one of these brahmins say purity by
seeing and hearing with some kinds of precepts and observances If the
muni said those brahmins that he could not bypass the void. Then, O Lord
of all suffering, who in the world and mankind has transmigrated and has
grown old. I, the Blessed One I would like to ask that question. Please
tell me that problem. \[313\] (The Blessed One said: \"Dokarnanda) I
would not say that All the ascetics and brahmins are envelops of life
and old age. We say that those peoples who have seen form audible sound

Known emotions All precepts and observances After all, which is
auspicious all kinds The craving has been established. a person who has
no filth those people He is able to cross the void now. \[314\] We do
not say that all ascetics and brahmins are enveloping and aging; see,
Nanda, we wouldn\'t say that. All the contemplatives and brahmins are
old and old. and then cover it openly all covered Covered and covered
and covered. Those brahmins who have lost their lives, are old and have
died. root is cut off As a result, there is no location like Tan Yod
Duan. to the absence of There is no further occurrence, such ascetics
and brahmins exist, therefore they are called. All brahmins are
uninhabited. and old age already covered. \[315\] Which of these peoples
have seen form? audible sound Known emotions All the precepts and
observances, which are abandoned, are abandoned, laid off, put to an
end, and brought to nothing. which purity of all seeing ... which purity
of all hearing ... which purity of both sight and all hearing ... which
purity of all \... which is purification with all virtues \... which is
purification of all practices \... which is purification of all virtues
and practices, therefore it is called a noble people. After which the
picture has been seen audible sound Known emotions or even all the
precepts or observances. \[316\] Abandoned, all kinds of blessings are
abandoned, that is, abandoned, relieved, put an end. to the absence of
which purity is purification, magic, purity, liberation, excellence,
cessation, auspiciousness is the ritual and Wake up to the news hence
the name After all, all kinds of auspicious things. \[317\] The words
tanha in the Uthesva tanha pari anasva ye te venara okhatinnati prumi
are as follows: lust, sattƒÅna, gandha, gandha. dharma-tanha,
dharma-tanha, dharma-tanha. I have established that craving by three
degrees is relative degree, degree degree, degree degree. Why degree
degree? The Narachonna knows clearly, that is, knows and sees lust,
\'This is craving, this is craving, this is craving, this is craving,
this is craving, this is Dhamma, this is Dhamma, this is craving.
Bachelor\'s degree Why is it a diploma? A person who has done this
craving, which he has already known, considers it, that is,
contemplating impermanence, suffering, disease, abscess, etc. without
negligence. Let it shake off. This is called Tiron-Prinya. What is the
degree? The people, having considered this, neglect, alleviate, bring an
end to the absence of craving. realistically according to the Buddha\'s
words, the Blessed One said: look at the monks In what lusts do I lust?
All of you, let go of that lust. In this case That lust will be

All of you have left. root is cut off Why do they not have a location
like Tan Yod Duan, to the point of being non-existent, non-existent and
non-existent as follows: This is called Pahan Parinya. Having
established craving by these three degrees, therefore, it is called
defining the messenger of craving. The four taints are kamasava,
bhavasava, ditthasava, avijjasava. Those who have abandoned these taints
root is cut off Therefore, there is no location like Tan Yod Duan. to
the absence of There is no further occurrence. Those people said: A
person who has no uncleanness. Which of these words are all Arahants.
The word we would say Which of these peoples have already established
their desires? One who has no taints, those people who have crossed over
void, I say ... Which people have already established their desires? a
person who has no filth those people Has crossed over which Kaka-Okha
Bhava-Okha Ditthi- \*Okha Avijja-Okha, that is, crossed over, crossed
up, crossed out, passed, and progressed. Late that the way of all
samsara. Therefore, it is called I say Those who have established lust,
are free from taints. those people The void has been skipped. Therefore,
the Blessed One said, \"I do not say All the recluses and brahmins are
uninhabited and old, wrapped We would say that Which of these people
picture seen audible sound The consciousness that has been known, all
the precepts and observances, all kinds of auspicious things, all kinds
of blessings have been established, craving has been established, one
has no taint. Those people are the ones who have crossed over the void.
\[318\] I am Phra Gotama. I am pleased with that word. (Seekers of the
Great Dharma) has spoken well and has no support. Which of these people?
which the picture that has been seen audible sound Feelings that have
been known, all precepts and observances, all kinds of auspicious things
have been established, craving has been realized, one has no taint.
Those people are The void has been skipped. \[319\] The word etam in the
context of eta bintami wajo mahesino thus means I am delighted, that is,
rejoicing, exhilaration, sympathy, desire, contentment. Loving and
enamored, the Word is the way of His words, sermons, and sermons.
Consort seeks, that is, seeks, seeks for the great sacrament, therefore
he is named consort. Where is Narapha, therefore, is the name of the
wife, therefore is the name that I am pleased with the word.

That\'s the one who is the wife. \[320\] The word Sukitita, in the
context of Sukittita, Gotama Nupadika, means that he has said well, that
is, that He has shown good. good ordinance well appointed His Highness
revealed He has made it shallow. He has already announced. Passion,
Khan, and Abhisangkhan, he said that Updhi in the upheath that Gotama
Nuptika is as follows. Suspending upadhi, immortal nirvana He said that
dharma has no attachment, therefore it is called \"Reverend Gotama\"
\... well spoken, dharma has no attachment. \[321\] Which of these
peoples have seen form? audible sound Known emotions All precepts and
observances, which are abandoned, that is, forsaking, alleviating,
ending, bringing to purification through all sight \... which is
purification. of all hearing, which purity of both seeing and all
hearing, ... which purity of all knowing, ... which purity of all
virtues, \... which is purification of all virtues and observances,
therefore it is called those people who have seen form. Sounds heard,
emotions heard, all precepts and observances. \[322\] The word
\"forsaken\" of all kinds of auspicious things is renounced, which is to
renounce, alleviate, and bring to an end. to the impermanence of purity,
i.e. purity, magic, purity, liberation, liberation, magic, cessation,
auspiciousness, which is the ritual and the awakening of many news.
Therefore, it is called all auspicious things. \[323\] The word tanham
in Udeva tanham pariya anasva ye ahpi te oktinatiprumi is Rapu.
Cravings, cravings, gandhas, cravings, cravings, dhammas, cravings. The
word \"determined from craving\" means \"determined from craving\" with
the third degree of knowledge, that is, knowledge. Bachelor degree,
degree degree, degree degree. Why degree degree? He saw that this form
of lust, this lust, this lust, this lust, this lust, this lustful This
is the nature of passion. This is called kin- \*degree. What is the
degree of degree? Why do people commit lust that they already know? yea,
contemplating lust is Considered by impermanence, suffering, etc.
without letting go of it. This is the name of the word, the degree. What
is the degree? alleviate the end to the absence of lust. This is called
Master Degree. This craving has been established by these three degrees,
therefore it is called Determined to know which lust. The word one who
has no taints means that the four taints are kamasava, bhavasava,
ditthasava, avijjasava. already root is cut off Therefore, there is no
location like Tan Yod Duan. to the absence of There is no further
occurrence. Those people said: a person who has no filth

Which of these words are all Arahants. The word, even I say that those
people who have already determined lust a person who has no filth Those
people are the ones who have crossed over the void. I have known lust a
person who has no filth Those people who have crossed over, have crossed
over, have crossed, have crossed, have crossed out. I have passed, I
have progressed through all pity. Those who have established lust, are
free from taints. Those people are the ones who have crossed over the
void. Therefore, the brahmin said, \"O Venerable Gotama, I am pleased
with that word, which the Lord\'s wife has spoken well, has not had a
prophecy. Ja What kind of people has seen form? audible sound Known
emotions All precepts and observances, and all kinds of auspicious
things have been abandoned. The craving has been established. a person
who has no filth Those people have already crossed over the void. Along
with the end of the spell, etc. Phra Nanda sat with Anchalee worshiping
the Blessed One, proclaiming that, Blessed One, The Exalted One is my
Teacher. I am a disciple as follows. Concerning the problem of Phra Hema
\[324\] (Phra Hemaka asked) In other times before Gotama\'s religion
These teachers prophesied that the matter was as follows. Here\'s what
I\'m talking about. All of those words It is a word that has been said
from generation to generation. All these words are the means of thought
to prosper. I am not pleased with that word. \[325\] The word \"Ye\"
means \"Yeme\", \"Yeme\", \"Pubbe\", \"Viyakasu\", which means that
Brahmins and other brahmins who are teachers The prophecy of the
Brahmins, that is to say, \... has proclaimed one\'s opinion, one\'s
decency, one\'s preference, one\'s doctrine, one\'s goodwill, one\'s
dignity. their own purpose, therefore it is called ... before ... these
teachers have foretold. The word iti in the context of ijjasma hego is
the junction, etc. The word iti follows the order of the chapters. The
word Aysma is said with love. It is said with respect. The word Aysma is
spoken with respect and reverence.

The word Hemako, the name, etc., was the calling of that brahmin, hence
its name. Venerable Hemaka asked: \[326\] The word in other times but
the religion of Gotama means that in other times but the religion of
Gotama is other than Gotama\'s religion. Before the religion of Phra
Gotama, before the religion of the Buddha than the religion of Phra
Chinchao than the religion of the Tathagata Than the religion of monks-
\*Arahant, hence the name. In other times, but the religion of Phra
Gotama. \[327\] The word for this matter is as follows; this matter is
as follows: I have heard that this matter has been thus. Chi always has
something like this. Therefore it is said that this matter has been,
thus, this matter will be as follows. It has been said that over and
over again, that is, those teachers. speaks unseen dharma to oneself
that they do not know only by telling them according to what they have
heard narrated in succession by citing textbooks for mere guesswork. for
reasons that were supposed to with caution according to symptoms in the
favor of one\'s own doctrine, hence the name that all words have been
passed down from generation to generation. \[329\] All words are to
prosper in thinking, that all words It is a tool for meditating, it is a
tool for meditating. It is a tool for the development of prosperity. It
is a tool for lust and vengeance. to prosper as a means of remembrance
of relatives to prosper It is a tool to remember the countryside to
prosper. It is a tool for remembrance of the deities to prosper; it is a
tool for worrying and caring for others to develop as a tool for life.
to pay homage to and prosperous praise It is a tool of anxiety that is
developed with the desire not to despise, to prosper, therefore it is
called that all words are a tool for meditation. \[330\] The word, I do
not rejoice in that word, that I do not experience, not specifically,
therefore it is called I. He was not pleased with that word. Therefore
the brahmin said that in other times before the religion of Gotama These
teachers prophesied that the matter was as follows. Here\'s what\'s
going on: All the words are words from generation to generation, and all
words are words to prosper. I was not pleased with that word. \[331\] O
Venerable Muni, please tell the Dharma, the eliminator of lust, which
one has learned and is mindful, to bypass this lust. faded away in
different moods in the world to me. \[332\] That brahmin said to the
Blessed One that He was in the Udevatva Jame Dhammakkhahi as follows.
The dhamma in the Udevadhammakkahi thus means that the Lord ... please

proclaimed the virginity It\'s beautiful in the beginning, beautiful in
the middle, beautiful in the end, along with its beauty. with both
consonants Completely pure and complete, the four foundations of
mindfulness, the 4 supremacy, the 4 powers, the 4 organics, the 5
physical strengths, the 5 Bojjongkha, the 7 Noble Eightfold Paths. The
Eighth Acts of Nirvana and the practice leading to nirvana, therefore it
is called, Lord, please tell me the Dharma. \[333\] Form of craving,
satthanaha, gandha, lustful, tangible, dharma-tanha, named tanha, in the
sense that tanhanikhanam muni, as follows. It is an anti-caring tool. is
a lustful device as a pacifier as a tool for renunciation of lust It is
a libido suppressor. Is immortal nirvana. Yanna said that Mona in the
word Muni, etc., the Blessed One, which is related to the price of
Dharma and the desire for it. So he is a muni, therefore he is called, O
Venerable Muni ... the elimination of lust. \[34\] The word that a
person already knows One who wanders with mindfulness means that any
dharma has been made known, that is, comparing it, considering it,
developing it, making it clear, that is, making it I already know \...
made it clear that All things are impermanent. All body is suffering.
All dharmas are self-existent, etc. Anything that has its natural
origin, that which is all subject to its cessation. The word mindful is
one who is mindful with four symptoms, namely, one who is mindful,
develops mindfulness- \*patthana, contemplating the body in body, etc.
That person said that he is mindful \... The word travel means to travel
around, change one\'s posture to heal, heal, heal, hence the name. that
the person already knows Be a person who is conscious to travel. \[335\]
Craving, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha Lobha Akusolmun He said that lust
wanders in various moods in Utrelogewi. stat The name of lust is
Visatika because What\'s the point? Etc. because of the meaning that
spreads and fades, therefore it is called vistika. The word in the world
is in the world of mischief, the world of mankind, the world of gods,
the world of salvation, the world-element, the sense of the world. One
should cross the lusts that have arisen in the world\'s sensations, that
one should be mindful to cross, that is, to cross up. It is freed, has
passed, has passed, which lusts that pass away in the world\'s moods,
therefore it is called that one should skip it. Anza goes into the
world\'s moods. Therefore, the Brahmin said: I am the Muni. Ask him to
preach the Dharma as a tool. Get rid of the lust that the person already
knows. Being mindful wandering, let me cross over to me the lusts that
are set in the world\'s sensations. \[336\] Behold, Heka, Nirvana is the
relief of all lusts that are seen, heard, and known (knowingly)
immovable.

\[337\] The word dit ‚Ç¨ ‚Ç¨ t t t t t t su t s t t t t t t t t t e su,
meaning that has been agreed with the eye. Audible means heard by the
ear. The word mutat means that one is inhaled with the nose, tasted with
the tongue, and is right with the body. The word Witta means knowing by
the heart. Therefore it is called ... seen, heard, known, and
enlightened. \[338\] What is the word \"Dokorn\" in all forms? Piyarapu
(beloved) satarupa (pleasure) in the world. Eye, sota, gana, chivaha,
body, mind are the satarupa in the world. Forms, sounds, smells, tastes,
touches. Ramana is a form of happiness in the world. Spirit-eye,
spirit-soul, slaughter-spirit, spirit-seeking, spirit-body, mind-soul,
are all forms of spiritual beings in the world. Eye-contact,
ear-touching, ghar-touching, craving-touching, body-contact,
mind-touching, form-feeling, material-consciousness in the world. audio
touch khan touches the feeling of *feeling body touch a feeling of
feeling It is a supreme figure in the world. Dharma Sanya Dharma Sanya
Form of intent Satya Sanya Gandhasya Sanaa Dharma Sanya Dharma Sanya
Form of the world The world. Forms of craving, Satthanaha, Gandha of
craving, lustful, touched-* lust, Dharma-tanha, Formation of the world.
Formation of anxiety, Satdavika, Gandhavika, Ravika, touchtabvaka.
Sattarhus in the world. Sattarhus in the world. Sattaviharas,
Gandhaviharas, Rasavijars, Touching Shruths. The Blessed One calls that
brahmin by the name Hekka. sexual desire sensual pleasures, sensual
pleasures, sensual pleasures Passion for sensual pleasures, passion for
sensual pleasures, passion for sensual pleasures, sensual pleasures,
kama-okha, kama yoga, kamupathan, kama-revolution, called chandraga, in
the name of chandragavi. Note: The word \"relief\" means \"relief\",
\"relief\", \"relief\", \"relief.\" It is a suspension for me. Is
immortal nirvana. Therefore, it is called a place of relief. \[340\] The
word nirvana chapter \... does not move means that the chapter of
nirvana is the chapter that resists, the chapter that hides, the chapter
that takes hold, the chapter is harmless. The word no. Moving is
timeless, sustainable, stable, just and unwavering. Therefore, it is
called the chapter of Nirvana ... does not move. Then the Blessed One
said, \"Dokorn, the chapter of Nirvana is the relief of all the
enlightened beings that are seen, heard, and known. It is immobile.
\[341\] Which of these Arahants? Having comprehended the chapter of
Nirvana, having become mindful, having seen the Dhamma, having passed
away, those Arahants who have attained peace in all ages. is the one who
has already crossed Craving anza in the various emotions in the world.
\[342\] The word etam in Udead ettay yesta, thus, is immortal nirvana.

all peace renunciation of all possessions lust The liberation, the
cessation of lust, the release of lust is a snare. The word \'know
thoroughly means \' know \' , know , compare , consider , consider ,
prosper , enlighten , enlighten , know , know All things are
impermanent. All sankharas are suffering, all dharmas are selfless, etc.
Anything that naturally arises. All things are naturally fading away.
The word Ye is the Arahants. The word is mindful. It means one. I have
mindfulness for four reasons: being mindful and developing mindfulness
that is, contemplating the body in the body, etc. Those arhats are said
to be mindful, therefore they are known as those who are fully aware of
this nirvana. Be a conscious person. \[343\] The word that there is a
Dhamma that has been seen and passed away means that there is a Dhamma
that is seen, that is, that there is a Dhamma that is known, that there
is a Dharma that is comparable, that there is a Dhamma that is
considered. Then there is a truth that has been revealed, there is a
Dhamma that has been manifested, there is a Dhamma that has been
seen\... All sankharas are impermanent, etc. Whatever happens naturally,
they are all non-existent. Extinction is normal. The word is
extinguished means the name is extinguished. Because he is the one who
possesses lust, hatred, delusion, anger, attachment, anger, etc., all
ignorance is extinguished, therefore it is called the cessation of the
seeing path. 344\] The word \"Entered into Peace\" is called Upasanta ca
te sata, so it means that I have entered peace, that is, at peace. has
entered peace entered into a wonderful serenity, quenched, ceased,
because of lust, anger, and complacency Anger, etc. All aggression is
punishable. The nation is at peace, then reaches peace, then burns and
dies. and is freed, and has ceased, hence it is called one who has
attained peace. The word te means all Arahants. The word \"every time\"
means \"every time, in all times, all endings.\" Eternal, eternal,
lasting, often unrelated to other causes. Continuing in succession, as
if splattering off the water, did not leave uninterrupted succession.
useful time correct tense Kan is Purebhat In the beginning, in the
middle, at the end of the night, in the waning, in the cold, in the
rain. They were born during their early adulthood, middle age, and later
adulthood, hence they are called Arahant Khinas. He has been at peace
for all ages. \[345\] Craving, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha Lobha
Akusolmun He said that Visattika in Uthesava Tinna Loke Visttikam is as
follows. Sattika in the word vistika, for what purpose? Because of its
meaning, etc., spreads and disappears, therefore the name is visattika.
The word in the world is in the world of mischief, the human world, the
world, the world sank, the world element, and the world. The word is He
who has crossed ... in the world means he has crossed, that is, crossed
up, crossed over, stepped on. Thailand It is past that lust has gone
through the world\'s emotions, hence it is called crossed over. Cravings
go away in the emotions of the world. Therefore, the Lord

\* The Buddha then said, Which arahants Having fully understood the
chapter of Nirvana, one is mindful, having seen the Dhamma, has ceased
to exist. Those arhats are those who have attained peace in all ages. is
the one who has already crossed Lustful desires wandered in the world\'s
emotions. Along with the end of the spell, etc., the monk sat and sat
with Anjali worshiping the Blessed One, proclaiming that B. Blessed be
the Lord The Exalted One is my Teacher. I am a disciple, therefore, I am
finished. S Concerning the problems of Phra Toteiya \[346\] (Phra
Toteiya asked) All sensual pleasures do not exist. Whoever is in lust is
unaffected, and whoever is beyond doubt. What is the liberation of that
person? \[347\] The word sensuality does not exist. Whoever is in the
sense that sensual pleasures do not exist, that is, they do not dwell,
they do not come to anyone. The word iti in the euphemism as ijjasma
toteya, as follows, is a precept. The word Aysma is said with love. It
is said with respect. The word Aysma is spoken with reverence. The word
Toteiya, a name, etc., is a recitation of that brahmin. Therefore, it is
called Venerable Toeyya asked: \[348\] The word lust is nonexistent,
meaning that lust is nonexistent, that is, does not appear, does not
manifest, is lust for anyone. Abandoned, calmed, and suppressed and then
cause it to cause burns. It is destroyed by fire, which is insight,
therefore it is called the ultimate craving for no one. \[349\] The word
and whoever is beyond doubt means whoever has crossed is crossed, has
risen. I have passed and I have passed. It is passed from doubt, hence
the name, and whoever has crossed over from doubt. \[350\] The word
liberation of man What is it like? That brahmin asked Vimokkha, \"What
is that person\'s liberty like?\" What is the morphology? What are the
reasons? What are the advantages? which a person desires. Therefore,
what is the name of that person\'s happiness? because of that Then the
brahmin said: All sensual pleasures do not exist. Whoever is in lust,
there is no adversary.

and whoever is beyond doubt What is that person\'s vimokkha? \[351\]
(The Blessed One replied, \"Duke Todeya) All sensual pleasures do not
exist. Whoever is in lust is unaffected, and whoever is beyond doubt.
There is no other vimokkha of that person. \[352\] The word Yasmu in
Upades means Yasmi Kama Navasanti, thus, in the Arahant. nat-
\*khinasaba by exclaiming that there are two kinds of kama: sensual
objects, 1 lust, 1. etc. These are called sensual objects, etc. These
are called defilements. Kama. The word does not exist. All sensual
pleasures do not exist, that is, they do not dwell, do not dwell in the
person. therefore it is called that all sensual pleasures do not exist.
In whom, the Blessed One calls that brahmana by the name of Todeya, in
the Udeh as Todayyati Bhagava, as follows: This Bhagava is Saying it
with respect, the word bhakva is the truth of the law. Therefore, it is
called the Blessed One. The participant replied, \"Look at Korn Toeyya.
\[353\] Rhapsody of lust, SattƒÅh, Gandha of lust, lust of lust, dharma,
tantaha, name \'CƒÅtanha\' in the Uthesaya, Yassana, Vijjati, as follows.
. The word supreme lust is nonexistent to the person, meaning supreme
lust is nonexistent, that is, it does not appear, does not appear to
anyone, that craving is nonexistent. It has been calmed, settled,
prevented it from arising, burned by the fire of knowledge, therefore it
is said that lust is nonexistent to the person. \[354\] Viccicha is
doubt, suffering, etc. The fear of the mind is called katangkatha, in
reference to kathongkatha, yo tinno, as follows. The word yo means that
monk. The word and whoever is beyond doubt means whoever has crossed is
crossed up, crossed over. elapsed, eluded, is eluded from doubt,
therefore it is called, and whoever is beyond doubt. . \[355\] The word
\"other liberation\" does not mean any other kind of liberation. That
person\'s gain is nonexistent. How should that person do his or her
business? Therefore, it is also called Vimokkha. of that person does not
have any. Therefore, the Blessed One spoke All sensual pleasures do not
exist. Whoever is in lust is unaffected, and whoever is beyond doubt.
Other sorrows of That person doesn\'t have any. \[356\] That person has
no jealousy. or is there still hope Wisdom or ignorance (Tanha-ditthi)
with wisdom, O Sakka I will

How do you know Muni? Lord, the Blessed One, who has the right eye,
please tell me that wisdom. to me. \[357\] Does that person have no
hope? there is hope, that one has no desire or there is also lust, i.e.
hope, i.e. Chalong is willing to love anyone who is content with form,
sound, smell, taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune, rank, praise,
happiness, robe, alms, sena and kilana, pharmacological factors,
kamma-elements, form-elements, non-formal-elements, kamma-elements,
form-factors, non-physical realms, sahna-phopas Sanyapop, Najavokarphop,
Ekvokarnpop, Panjavokanpop, past, future, present, the picture that has
been seen audible sound Known sentiments and enlightened dharmas,
therefore, is that one who has no hope? There is still hope. \[358\] The
word wise in the context of panava so ud pa kappi means sage, wise,
knowledgeable, possessing. Wisdom Wisdom to destroy passion. The word or
has origin (Tanha-ditthi) with wisdom means that it is high. to be born,
to be born only with the knowledge in the eight senses, with the
knowledge that is Apinya 5, or with the wrong perception, therefore it
is called mapi. intellect or ignorance (Tanha ditthi) with wisdom.
\[359\] The Blessed One named Sakaka in the word Sakaka in Uthawat.
Jamun ah skaka yatha vic nam as follows. Another The Blessed One was
ordained from the Sakyan family, even for this reason he was named
Sakka. The Blessed One is wealthy, possessing a lot of wealth, even
because of this, he is called Sakka. He has those things: property is
faith, property is virtue, property is hiri, property is ottappa,
property is suta. Property is wealth is wisdom Property is Satipatthana,
property is Sammapphana, property is power. Property is organic,
property is health, property is bojongka, property is path, property is
fruit, property is nirvana. The Blessed One is wealthy, possessing a lot
of wealth, counting as having wealth. even because of the following
reasons So he was called Sakaka. Another one. The Blessed One is
valiant, capable, valiant, valiant, brave, advanced, one who is not
cowardly, who is not fearless, who is not. startled, who does not flee,
has given up fear and cowardice. Free from the fury. even for this
reason So he was named Phra Sakka. The word \"I am the Buddha\" I should
know How can a muni say, I am Sakka? I should know, that is, to know, to
know, to know only, how to know the appearance of a muni, therefore it
is called Sakka. I should know How do you get Muni? \[360\] The word tam
in the context of tamme wiyajika samantakkhu thus means that I ask, ask,
make a request, make a request. which any problem.

The word request, please speak. It means, say, say\... Let me declare.
Phra Sappan- \*Nutyanana is called Samantacaksu in the word Samantakku,
etc. Therefore, the Tathagata name having an eye hence the name O Lord
of the eyes Ask the Lord to speak Tell me the problem. because of that
Then the brahmin said: Does that person have no hope? There is still
hope Wisdom or ignorance (Tanha ditthi) with wisdom. I will How do you
know Muni? O Blessed One who has the right eye, would you please tell me
the problem? to me. \[361\] That person has no jealousy. I do not hope
for years Wisdom and without ignorance (Tanha ditthi) with wisdom. have
a worry machine One who is not involved in eroticism and existence, even
this way. There is no desire, no desire, no hope, no will, no pleasure,
no desire, no love, no dislike of form, sound, smell, etc., seen form.
audible sound Known emotions and the dharma that should be known;
therefore, it is called That person has no hope, no hope. \[363\] The
word that one is wise in the context of \'panava sona ja pa kappi\' is
as follows: That one is a wise man, wise, enlightened, enlightened,
enlightened. Wisdom destroys defilements. The word without origin (tanha
ditthi) with wisdom means that one does not create lust. or view, that
is, neither desire nor view arises, to arise, to arise, to arise only by
the knowledge of the eight assumptions, by the fifth Ainya, or by the
wrong perception. Therefore, he is called wise, without ignorance
(tanha-ditthi) with wisdom. \[364\] Nana, he said, Mo. Na, in the word
muni, in eumpi toteiya munu vichana, etc., that person has passed. In
which the Dharma is related and lust is like the net, it is a muni. The
word Dukroteyya, you know Muni ... In this way, \"Dukorntoeyya, you will
know, know, know the appearance of this muni. Therefore it is called
Dukorntodeya, you know the Muni ... even this way. Nam Kambhave asttam
as follows: The concern is sensuality. Anxiety is wrath, Anxiety is
rulers, Anxiety is mana, Anxiety is stubbornness. Worry is passion
Worrying machine is corruption. Which of these stumps can be neglected,
then cut off, calmed down, suspended, preventing them from happening?
Burned with fire is the spirit. Muni said: No worries. By exclaiming
kama, in the preceding words kamabhave, there are two kinds of sensual
lust: six sensual objects, one lustful lust, etc. These are called
sensual objects. These are called verbs, defilements, and defilements.
In other words, there are two types of existences, namely
karma-bhavas, 1. Pun-bhavana, 1. Etc.

Punphop, which is in the conception. The word person without concern The
one who is not involved in lust and the world, means one who has no
worries, is not involved, is not involved, is not involved, shakes off.
not included in the senses and the world having a mind that frees
boundaries hence the name who has no worries who is not involved in
eroticism and the world. Therefore, the Blessed One said that he had no
hope. The palace dwells with wisdom and without ignorance (tanha-ditthi)
with wisdom. Behold, Todeya, you will know the Muni who has no means.
Congratulations to those who are not involved in eroticism and
existence, even this way, with the end of the spell, etc., Blessed One.
The Exalted One is a Master of mine. I am a disciple, therefore. End of
Toteymanava, Nittas problem 9. S Concerning the problems of Lord Kappa
\[366\] (Kappa asked) O Lord Kappa. May the Lord preach the Dharma which
is relying on all the animals to be in the midst of pity when the realm
of defilement has arisen; when great calamity has come The old and the
dead have reached their turn. In addition, may the Lord preach the
Dharma as my refuge. How should this suffering be no more? \[367\] Pity
is coming and going, coming and going, death, motto, world, birth,
birth, birth, dissimilarity, birth, old age, and death. sasamm tit ‚Ç¨ as
follows. Even the aforementioned end of pity does not appear, even the
end of pity does not appear. all are located Standing alone, entangled,
accessed, trapped, bent on, in the midst of pity. Most of the above of
pity How does it not appear? Then it is not possible, there is no such
thing as the above of pity does not exist. It appears even like this.
The cycle is over After this life, it is impossible to have none of the
above. of pity does not appear like this. Such is the end of a thousand
lives \... Such is the end of a hundred thousand lives \... Such is the
end of a thousand lives This \... The end of a hundred thousand cc. This
\... The end of this year \... The end of a hundred years \... The end
of a thousand years \... The end of a hundred thousand years \... The
end of the century This year \... the end of a hundred thousand years,
this time \... the end of a thousand years, this \... the end of a
hundred thousand years, this \... the end of this year \... the end of a
hundred Eon now \... end of a thousand eonce \... end of a thousand eon
now \... end of a thousand eon now \... end of a thousand eon now \...
end of a thousand eon After this one hundred thousand kilometer, there
is no such thing as the above of pity.

Appears even like this. Indeed, as the Buddha said, O monks, this pity
is utterly incomprehensible. . look at the monks All beings have
ignorance. anti-impact Desire is a paraphernalia to circumnavigate the
journey to experience suffering and destruction. forever and ever Too
many stumps look at the monks It is for this reason that one should be
bored, should be relieved. should be liberated from all sankharas as
follows. Certainly does not appear even like this. How does the end of
pity not appear? This cycle will be the end of a lifetime, after that it
will not be possible. Surely there is no such thing. the end of pity
Certainly does not appear even like this. Such is the end of a hundred
lives \... Such a thousand lives ... The end of a thousand years now ...
The end of a hundred thousand years like this ... The end of a hundred
years now This is the end of a hundred thousand years \... This is the
end of a hundred thousand years Eon now \... end of this eon \... end of
eon now \... end of eon now \... end of this eon Just like this...the
end of a thousand kyats...this cycle will be the end of a hundred
thousand kyats. After that there will be no such thing as this end of
pity will never be. It appears even like this. Even the above Even the
end of pity does not appear like this. Standing alone, entangled,
stranded, bent on in the midst of pity hence the name Those who are in
the midst of pity. The word iti in the context of ijjasma kappo, as
follows, is the preceding chapter. The word Aysma is a symbol. Love is
spoken with respect, this word Aysma is spoken with respect and
reverence. The word kappo, the name, etc., is the invocation of that
brahmin. Therefore it is called the Venerable Kappa asked: \[368\] When
the realm of defilements is born, when the great calamity has arisen, it
means that when Kaka-Oga, Bhava-Oga, Ditthioka, Avijja-Okha are born,
that is, being born, being born. When a great calamity has arisen, it
means that when the birth, old age, danger, and death are there,
therefore it is called when the world of defilements arises. shh when
there is a great disaster . \[369\] The word old and dead That the old
is right to the set down, assembled, the dead is right, to the turn, set
down, assembled, old age follows pathology. dominate death was pounding
no resistance There is no hidden place. Nothing is a refuge, nothing is
a refuge hence the name The old and the dead have reached their turn.
\[370\] The word, O Lord, I ask you to preach the Dharma as your refuge,
I ask you to declare the Dharma as your refuge, that is, the Dharma is
your refuge, the Dhamma is your refuge. Hidden, Dharma is a refuge,
Dharma is a motto. The word Maris is a symbol of love. Respectfully
said, the word Maris

This, as it is said, goes with respect and reverence. Therefore it is
called, O Lord of suffering. May the Lord preach the Dharma as a refuge.
\[371\] The brahmin said to the Blessed One that he was in the Udevatva
Jame Dipamakkhahi as follows. Relied upon, saying: \"Please speak up\...
Let me declare the Dharma as your refuge, that is the Dharma as your
refuge. Dharma is a hidden place, Dharma is a refuge, Dharma is a motto,
therefore it is called. Organization \[372\] How else should there be no
such suffering, that this suffering should be quenched, that is, that
this suffering should be settled, that this existence should be settled?
That is, suffering in fertilization should never arise again, that is,
it should not arise, it should not be born. Shall not arise in the
kamma-element, form-element, non-formal-element, kamma-element,
form-a-forma, non-formal existence, non-consensualism,
non-consensualism, neva-na-sanap-p-p, euk-vokarap-pup, panchavo-
\*karnaphop in the new mindset. New creation, new fertilization,
rebirth, sympathy or in the cycle, cannot be settled and settled. ceased
in this world, how? hence the name How should there be no more
suffering? because of that Then the brahmin said: O Lord of suffering
Ask him to preach the Dharma as his refuge. to all beings who are in the
midst of pity, when the defilement has arisen, when the great calamity
has come The old and the dead have reached their turn. In addition, may
the Lord preach the Dharma as my refuge. How should this suffering be no
more? \[373\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Look, Kappa) I will tell the
Dharma as my refuge. To all beings who are settled in the midst of
compassion, when the realm of defilement is over, when greatness has
come, the old and the great have reached the end of time. . Behold,
Kappa, I will tell you the Dharma as my refuge. \[374\] Pity is the
coming and going, both the going and the coming, the death, the motto,
the birth, the birth, the birth, the disintegration, the old age and the
death. He said that the vowels in the upheath were majsrasam tit ‚Ç¨ tam
as follows. though the end of pity does not appear, etc., all beings are
situated, settled, entangled, accessed, trapped, willing in in the midst
of pity. above of pity does not appear, how? etc. The above end of pity
does not appear even like this. The end of pity does not exist. How does
it appear? Etc., the end of pity does not even appear. like this. It
does not even appear like this. All beings are situated, settled,
entangled, reached, trapped, willing, in the midst of pity. Therefore,
it is called the one who is in the middle of compassion.

The Blessed One called the Brahman by the name Kappa, in the context of
the Kappati-Bhagava. Etc., this word \"Bhagava\" is the truth of the
law. Therefore, it is called the Blessed One. The King replied, \"Look
at the kappa. \[375\] \"When the realm of defilement is born, when the
great calamity has arisen, it means that when Kaka-Oga, Bhava-Oga,
Ditthi-oga, Avijja-Oha arise, that is, it is born. Emergence, specific
emergence, emergence. The word when a great peril has come to mean when
the life of old age, disaster, pathology, and death has passed.
Therefore, it is called \"when\". Passion is born when a great calamity
has come already assembled until the set-up cycle is complete, and the
old age will follow Parasites dominate death was pounding no resistance
There is no hidden place. Nothing is a refuge, nothing is a refuge hence
the name The old and the dead have reached their turn. \[377\] Verse:
\"Look, Kappa, I will tell you the Dharma as my refuge; I will tell \...
I will proclaim the Dhamma as my refuge, that is the Dhamma as my
refuge. Shantan Dharma is a hidden place, Dharma is a refuge, Dharma is
a motto. hence the name We will tell the Dharma to rely on. The Blessed
One called that brahmana by the name Kappa, in the context of kappa teh,
therefore it is called Dukappa. I will tell the Dharma as my refuge.
Sergeant Major because of that The Blessed One said, \"I will tell the
Dharma as my refuge. for all the animals that are in the midst in the
middle of pity when Gonggles was born when There is a big disaster The
old and the dead have reached their turn. Look, Kappa, I will tell you
the Dharma, your refuge. \[378\] I tell you, Nirvana, which is free from
defilements, no desire, no other dharmas, is the extinction of aging and
This mass is that Dharma is the dependency. \[379\] The word that there
is no desire for concern in Aki This is why lust, dosa, moha, mana,
ditthi, defilements, corruption are worrying. Immortal nirvana is a
place, a place of rest, a place of renunciation. It is a place of
restraint from lust and worry, therefore it is called no lust and worry.
The word without desire means lust, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha lobha and
kusala mun said that Immortal nirvana is a place, a place of peace, a
place of relinquishment. the suspension of lust Therefore, it is said
that there is no lust, no worries, no lust, steadfastness.

\[380\] The word refuge is not any other dharma; it means refuge, that
is, resistant. It\'s a hidden place, it\'s a refuge, it\'s a motto. The
word other non-dharma is another refuge, which is something else from
Naphi. That pan is not actually there. That dependency is the supreme
refuge, the sublime, the supreme, the supreme and, therefore, the name
that this refuge is nothing else. Lobha Akusalamul said, Vana in the
context of nibbana iti na prumi, as follows. The cessation of lustful
lust. The word iti is the junction, etc. This iti chapter follows the
order of the chapters. The word \"I say\" means \"I say\" \... I declare
it. Therefore, it is called that I declare that Nirvana. \[382\] The
word \'death of old and dead\' means immortal nirvana, a place, a place
of rest, a place of relinquishment. It is the cessation of aging and
death, therefore it is called the end of aging and death. because of
that The Blessed One said, I say nirvana, which is free from
defilements, without lust, without any other dharma, which is the
extinction of aging and This is that Dharma is the dependency. \[383\]
Which arahants? Having fully comprehended nirvana, having become
mindful, having seen the Dhamma, having been extinguished, those
Arahants are not following the power of Mara. Not going to nourish the
devil. \[384\] The word etam in the Uttaradit Yayesta is immortal
nirvana. peace of all Sacrifice is all support. lust Relentlessness,
cessation, liberation from lust. The word Aya means to know thoroughly,
to know, to compare, to consider, to prosper, to make it clear, to to
know thoroughly, to to make it clear that all beings are impermanent.
etc., something has a natural occurrence. All things are naturally
extinguished. Which of these words are all Arahants. The word mindful
means having mindfulness for four reasons, namely, mindfulness and the
development of mindfulness. The apparatus sees the body in the body,
etc. because of that So the Arahants said, therefore it is called Which
arahants One who knows nirvana is mindful. \[385\] There is a Dhamma
which has been seen and passed away; there is a Dhamma that has been
known, there is a Dhamma that is comparable, and there is a Dhamma to be
considered. good nature Then there is the Dharma Already notified. The
word quenched means that the name is quenched, quenched, because he is
the one who extinguishes lust, hatred, and moha.

Anger, attachment, anger, etc. hence the name The Dharma is seen, and
then it is extinguished. public operators in the black dharma non-public
person Those who belong to the negligent people are called Mara in the
subordinates of Na Te Maravasanuga as follows. According to the Mara\'s
power, those *Arahants Certainly not in the power of the devil. Even the
devil can the power to be in the Arahant Khinasop Those cannot. Those
arhats who dominate, enslave, overwhelm, destroy, slaughter the devil,
the devil\'s snare, the devil\'s snare, the devil\'s victim, the
devil\'s sight, the devil\'s place, devil He continued to maintain and
heal, hence the name Arahant Khinasabad, who did not go under the power
of the devil. \[387\] The words of those Arahants Not going to serve
Mara, meaning that those arhat khinas don\'t go to nourish, nurture,
nurture, serve the devil. Those arhats are those who nurture, nurture,
nurture, nurture and serve the Enlightened One. Therefore, it is called
that those* monks who are arahants do not serve the devil. because of
that The Blessed One said, Which arahants Knowing that Nirvana, he is
mindful, has seen the Dhamma, has passed away. Not going to nourish the
devil. with the end of the spell, etc. The Exalted One is a Master of
mine. I am a disciple, therefore. The end of the 10th kappamanava
problem nittes. test Concerning Than Chatukani\'s Problems \[388\] (Than
Chatukani asked:) I am the one who Kaew Kla I have heard that you no
lust Freed from desire, came to inquire. One who has no eroticism. O
Lord, as intellect as the born eye with enlightenment Ask the Lord to
tell you the peace. May the Lord preach the true Dharma. to me. \[389\]
The word I am mighty I have heard that You have no lust, that I have
heard, heard, studied, and memorized. to stipulate that even for this
reason The Blessed One is an Arahant, etc., who is already blessed.
being a dharma classifier because

hence the name I have heard. The Blessed One is valiant, hence the name
Vera. He is ardent, hence the name valiant. Therefore, it is called
Vira. To make others persevere therefore hence the name Vera. The able
man, therefore the name Veera. He who does not flinch, who does not
flee, has abandoned his fear of cowardice. Without being creepy,
therefore, the Exalted One is mighty. Blessed One He was spared from all
the sins in this world. After suffering in hell, He lives with
perseverance. He said that he had a heart like that. hence the name
Lord, the mighty I have heard that. By exclamation, the erudition of the
kama-ka is as follows: there are two kinds of sensual objects, namely,
sensual objects; Now he said that passion The Enlightened One His
Highness established the knowledge of erotic objects. giving up passion
because He has established the knowledge of sensual objects, because he
has abandoned the defilements. The Blessed One therefore does not have
sexual desires. not pleased He was not attracted to all sensual
pleasures. All sensual pleasures because of that Therefore, the Buddha
has no eroticism. out of sex Having renounced sensual pleasures,
vomited, released, abandoned, renounced, devoid of sensuality, lust is
gone. Having renounced lust, vomited, released, renounced, he was
healed. quenched and cooled, he is blessed with a noble one, hence the
name O Lord, the mighty and the brave. He had heard that he had no lust.
The word iti in the preceding words ijjasma jatukani, as follows, is a
precept, etc. This Iti chapter follows the sequence of chapters. The
word Aysma is said with love. It is said to go with respect. and
concern. The word Jatukani, descent, etc., was the decree of that
brahmin, hence the name Jatukanni asked: \[390\] The word one who has
passed away from defilement, in the context of Okhatikam put ‚Ç¨ kamakama,
thus means one who has passed away. Get rid of other passions A person
who advances, is ready to go beyond the realm of passion, therefore it
is called a person who breaks away from passion. already. The word to
inquire means to inquire is to inquire, to implore, to invite, to
confer. The word therefore comes \... He who is free from sensuality
means that I come, the one who comes, arrives, comes to associate with
thee. to inquire of the One who has no sensual pleasures, that is, one
who has departed from sensual pleasures, has renounced sensual
pleasures. vomited and released giving up and giving up

has given up, henceforth is called \... One who has passed away from
desires. therefore came to inquire of the One who has no sensual
pleasures. \[391\] Peace is good, peace is good. immortal nirvana peace
of all renunciation of all possessions The cessation of craving, the
liberation of desire, the cessation of lust are the hundred It is called
Santi in the upheath as santipadam pruhi sahajnetta as follows. It is
realistic according to the Buddha\'s words that the Blessed One said
that this chapter is calm, this chapter is exquisite. is the peace of
all beings renunciation of all possessions lust The liberation, the
cessation, the release of craving is a ligature. By the other way, any
dharmas lead to peace, to right, to peace, to proclaim peace, those
dharmas are mindfulness. The 4 bases, the supplications, the 4 powers,
the 4 organics, the 5 physical strength, the 5 Bojjangha, the 7 Noble
Path, the 8 Noble Paths, he said, peace. May the Lord preach ... Let me
proclaim the peace chapter: the chapter of resistance, the chapter
hidden, the chapter of refuge, the chapter without danger. The immortal
chapter, the immortal chapter, the nirvana chapter, sab√±√±√±utƒÅnƒÅnƒÅ. You
say that nana is like the eyes in the word sahhajanetta, as follows: as
the eyes and as Phra Chinchao has arisen to the Enlightened One
meanwhile not before, not after That wields the Bodhipruek tree, for
that reason the Buddha is called Magi. Knowledge is like an eye born
with enlightenment, therefore it is called O Lord, wisdom is like the
eyes born with enlightenment. May the Lord speak for peace. \[392\]
Amata nirvana is the peace of all things. The renunciation of all
objections, the cessation of craving, the cessation of passion, the
cessation of craving are a hundred instruments, he said, Yathatcha, in
the UyathƒÅta. Jcham bhagava phruhi me tam as follows. This bhagava is a
respectful sign, etc. This bhagava is a law of truth. \"May the Lord
proclaim that nirvana to me, \"May the Lord proclaim it, etc., declare
it. Therefore, it is called Lord If there is a Blessed One, may the Lord
proclaim that Nirvana to me. because of that Then the brahmin said:
Lord, the mighty I have heard that you Having no lust, having passed
away from all desires, he came to inquire of the One who was free. O
Lord, who is as intellect as the eyes born with enlightenment May the
Lord speak for peace. I, the Blessed One May the Lord preach the true
Dharma. It is true to me. \[393\] The Blessed One has the power. He was
endowed with power, possessed all sensual pleasures, and walked like the
sun.

bright consists of detachment will shine and cover the whole country.
May the wise One as wide as the land, Abandoning life and old age in
this world that I should know, I, the one with little wisdom. \[394\]
The word bhagava in the sense of bhagava hi kame abhibhuy iryiti is said
with respect, etc. This word bhagava is the law of truth. In the word
kame, there are two exclamations, namely, erotic objects, 1 lust, etc.
These are, he said, erotic objects. Said lustful lust. He gave up,
overwhelmed, overwhelmed, swept away, trampled upon him, who wandered,
carried on, healed, nurtured, healed, hence the name. Blessed One He
overwhelmed all sensual pleasures and continued. \[395\] Phra Athit said
that Adijjo in the like, such as Zhou Paowi Techi Techsa as follows.
Earth. The sun is bright. Consisting of power, that is, a ray of light,
covering the earth, making it hot, floating in the general air,
eliminating the darkness. shining light into the air Just as the
emptiness is a path, the Exalted One has the power of insight.
Consisting of power is the wisdom He has eliminated all the Supreme
Beings, etc. Darkness is defilement. Anthaka is avijja, showing light is
insight. So he ordained knowledge of sensual objects, abandoned,
dominated, covered, overwhelmed, removed, trampled upon which
defilements wandered, and so so too was healed, nourished, and healed.
It\'s name is like the sun is shining and it is composed of the mighty
powers. The light covers the whole country. \[396\] \"Wisdom is as wide
as the earth \... to me, the lowly wise, I He who has little wisdom,
that is, is weak, has low intelligence, but has great wisdom, has great
wisdom, has a monk. Wisdom have wisdom have strong wisdom Has wisdom to
destroy defilements. Patapee said that the Prince is composed of the
full wisdom. always wide by the land, therefore it is called having
wisdom as wide as the land \... to me, who has Little Wisdom. \[397\]
The word \"Please speak to the Dharma\" in the teaching of Ajikkha
Dhammam Yamaham Wich thus, please say\... declaration of holiness It is
beautiful in the beginning, beautiful in the middle, beautiful in the
end, with its meaning and consonant, pure and complete, i.e. the four
foundations of mindfulness, nirvana and the practice leading to nirvana.
Therefore, it is called \"Please tell the Dharma\". The word that I
should know, that I should know, that I should know, that I should know,
that I should always stab, that I would attain, that I would be right.
It must be made known. Therefore, it is called. Please speak and tell
the Dharma that I should know.

\[398\] The term for aging and aging in this world means that the Dharma
is the cessation, the relinquishment, the cessation, which is birth,
aging and death in this world, is immortal nirvana. Therefore, it is
called The machine is lost and old in this world. because of that Then
the brahmin said: The Blessed One has the power His Majesty was composed
of dominate and proceeded Like the sun that is bright, composed of
radiance that shines over the earth. Please tell the Dharma Lost life
and old age in this world that I should know. To me, the wise one.
\[399\] (The Blessed One replied, See Kornjatukani) You have seen that
Nekkhamma by Kasem Get rid of all lust for sensual pleasures. machine
passion The things that you hold on to should be devastated, they will
not belong to you. \[400\] Kama in the word Kamesu, in the word Kamesu
vinyaketham, as follows, by exclamation, there are two things, i.e.
sensual objects, 1. lust, 1. Etc., these are He said that lust,
sensuality, saraga, etc., Abhijha Lobha Akusolmun, he said that lust
Appointment in the word kath. The word \'Eliminate all sexual desires\'
means that thou hast eliminated, that is, suppress, abandon, alleviate,
end. to the absence, therefore it is called You to eliminate lust for
all sensual pleasures The Blessed One called that Brahman by his clan as
Jatukani. This Bhagava is a symbol of respect, etc. This Bhagava is
statute therefore he said The Blessed One replied, See Kornjatukanee.
\[401\] The word nekkhamma in the context of nekkhamm dat ‚Ç¨ khemto means
to see, to see, to see, to see, to compare, to consider, to prosper, to
realize. which the practice is right, the practice is right, the action
is not an enemy. The practice is based on benefits. Dharma practice
worthy of the Dharma, the perfection of all the precepts, the protection
of the anus in the all the trees Knowledge of moderation in nutrition
Practicing perseverance in being awakened, mindfulness, 4 foundations of
mindfulness, 4 knowledge, 4 power, 4 organics, 5 strengths, 5 Bojjaga,
the 7 Noble Path, the Eightfold Path, and Nirvana. practice leading to
nirvana by virtue, that is, by being resistant, by being hidden, being a
refuge, being a refuge, without danger, without being Move by
impermanence, justly, out of lust. Therefore, it is called nakkhamma by
virtue. \[402\] The word that you have seized in the Ughkhahitam
nirattam wa. Thus, the meaning that you hold on is to hold on to, hold
on to, be enamored with, and be able to lust. With Samart Thitthi. The
word ought to shake off means to shake off, that is, ought to be
released, ought to be abandoned, ought to be relieved, ought to be put
to the end, should be nullified, hence the name that thou hast taken
hold. It should be saddened.

\[403\] The word passion Vloiya has to you, meaning that the desires and
worries are lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, corruption,
defilements, defilements. It has emerged, that is, you leave, relieve,
make an end. Give it to the absence, therefore it is called the desire,
concern, may not have already been given to you. because of that The
Blessed One said, You have seen that Nekkhama by virtue get rid of the
desire In all sexual desires. The desires and worries that you have
seized should be shaken off; they do not belong to you. \[404\] Which of
the past tense You will dry up that passion. Afterwards, do not get it
for you, if you will not hold (rupati sankhara) in the midst of this
position. will become calm and travel Thou shalt dry the defilements,
that any defilements should arise because of the apocalypse of the past
life. You burn away those defilements, that is, dry, scorch, crisp,
devoid of vegetation, abandon, alleviate, bring to an end. None. Even
for this reason, hence the name from any nation\'s passion in the past
You have to burn that passion to dry. In addition, any former karma
sangkhara that has already yielded results, you must burn the karma
sangkhan. Let them go away, that is, dry, scorch, crisp, devoid of
vegetation, abandon, relieve, bring to an end. give the absence of Even
for this reason, which in the past was called desire? You have to burn
that passion to dry. \[406\] the word passion Afterwards, don\'t have
it. Gatchan said that desires, worries of the future, said that desires,
worries later. Desires and worries are lust, hatred, delusion, mana,
ditthi, defilements, defilements, which should arise because of all
future sankharas. Passion, this worrying machine do not have come to
you, that is, you Desire and worry cause, don\'t cause, be ready, don\'t
let. Therefore, it is called that the afterward desires do not have to
you. \[407\] The word if you will not hold (Rupadi sankhara) in the
present, rupa, feeling, perception, sankhara, and spirit, said in the
midst. Do not hold, will not care will not enjoy will not be attracted
to the present sankhara with can lust with the ability to view, i.e.
Chakla, will relieve, will end. will give to the absence of which
delights, likes, clings, clinging, and clinging, therefore it is called
if you do not hold (rupati- \*sankhara) in the midst. He will be at
peace and wandering, which is called Jaka: He will be at peace; he will
be at peace; he will be at peace, quenching, quenching, because of lust,
hatred, delusion, and anger. anger, etc.

All auspiciousness is at peace, at peace, is at peace, is wonderful, is
burned, is extinguished, wanders, wanders, is healed, nourishes, heals,
hence the name. will be a peaceful person and travel. because of that
The Blessed One said, Which passion in the past Thou burnt that lust to
dry. The lust after concern shall not be given to you. If you will not
hold (rupati sankhara) in the midst, you will be at peace. and travel.
\[409\] Look at the brahmins, the filths that lead to the power of
death. would not be for the Arahant Khinasop who has no intention in the
name Picture by all means. \[410\] The word by all means, in the
exhortation, sabbaso, namrupasm, vetkethssa brahman, meaning all, by all
means. All in all, there is nothing left, there is no part, there is
nothing left. The four imperial forms are called names. The four great
elements and form based on the four great elements are called rupa,
craving, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and kusala-mun say lust.
Rahman ... who is free from lust in the name of form. In all respects,
one who is lustless in name and form, that is, lustful in name and form,
has gone away, has lust that has been renounced and vomited. Let go and
give up without joy, that is, having gone without joy rejoicing in
renunciation, vomited, surrendered, surrendered, in the name of form by
all means, he is called a brahmin ... I am free from all boundaries in
name and form. \[411\] Asava, in the word asava, in Uthesava, asavassa
na wichchanti, there are four: kamasava, bhavas, ditthasava, avijjasava.
S is Phra Arahant Khina Sor. The word does not exist, that these taints
do not exist, do not exist, do not appear, do not appear to those
arhats, that is, ah. These scum that the Arahant Khina has abandoned,
cut off, severed, calmed, quelled, prevented their occurrence. Burned by
fire is wisdom, therefore they are called taints \... they are
nonexistent to the arahants. \[412\] The word cause to the power of the
dead means that a person should reach the power of the dead. up to the
power of death or to the power of the devils with what kind of filth
those ashes does not exist, does not exist, does not appear, does not
appear to the Arahant that way of life is those taints. The Arahant
Khinasa has abandoned it, cut it off, calmed it, stopped it, preventing
it from happening. It has been burned with fire, which is insight,
therefore it is called the cause of the power of absolute power.

The Blessed One said, \"O Brahmins, there are no taints that lead to the
power of the dead, there is no one without desire In the name of form in
all respects. with the end of the spell, etc. The Exalted One is a
Master of mine. I am a Disciple, therefore. End
Chatukanimanavakhavanitdes 11th. ---------- Phatrawutmanavapat
Yahannittes Concerning Than Phatrawut\'s problems \[413\] (Phatrawutha
asked) I ask His Highness One who gives up mourning, cuts off lust, has
no fear. Abandoning pleasure, crossing void, supreme, abandoning
thought, wise, all have heard. the speech of the Lord of the Nagas Just
avoid this place. \[414\] The word for one who gives up mourning in the
area of Ook jahatanhachi najha: contentment, desire, pleasure, desire
clinging to craving, view, and clinging which is the location It is
bound and is a monument of the mind in elemental form. Desires- *the
nation is satisfied, etc. The Enlightened One, abandoned it, cut off the
root. His Highness did not have a location. Like Tan Yod Duan, he said
that nothing would not happen any more. Therefore, the Enlightened One
is called who gave up mourning. Contentment, desire ... in the feeling
element, in the element contract, in the body element, in the elemental
spirit. Passion, satisfaction, etc. Those Blessed Ones who have already
attained enlightenment He gave up and cut off the roots and made no
place for him. like Tan Yod Duan to the absence of not to happen any
more normally. Therefore, the* Exalted One After knowing, he was called
the one who gave up his mourning. Form of Craving, Sattatanha, Gandha,
Craving, Craving, Touching, Craving, Dharma, Craving, Named Craving, in
the word tanhachida. Cut and cut, cut off, cut off, ready and calm and
then prevent it from happening and then incinerate with fire. That is
insight, therefore the Enlightened One is called VƒÅva, cuts off craving,
craving, desire, desire, etc. Say, trepidation, in the word one who has
no trepidation. That lustful passion that the Exalted One Knowing this,
He gave up and cut off the roots, and then made it stand like a palm
sap, so that it would not exist again. go normal because of that The
Enlightened One Therefore, it is called a person who does not have any
fear.

The Enlightened One is called the Unenlightened One. trembling because
he gave up The Blessed One is not shaken, neither shaken nor shaken,
neither shaken, nor fearful. even for good fortune Even because of
depravity, even because of rank, even because of disgrace, even because
of praise. even because of gossip even because of happiness even because
of sorrow, therefore the Enlightened One is called Vaa, without
trembling, hence the name. The One who renounces mourning, cuts off
craving, has no fear. The word iti in the euphemism as ijjasma
bhatrawutho, as follows, is the preceding chapter. The word Aysma is
said with love. It is said with respect. The word Aysma is spoken with
respect and reverence. The word Bhatrawutho is a name, etc., is the
invocation of that brahmin. Therefore, it is called Than Phatrawutha.
Asked . \[415\] Lust, lust, desire, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and kusalamun.
Chahaokhatin na nam vimuttam is as follows. That pleasure, the
Enlightened One, abandoned it and cut it off. The root was torn and he
made it impossible for him to have a place like a palm stump. to the
absence of not to happen any more normally. Therefore, the One who has
the Enlightened One is called the One who gives up pleasure. The word
crossed over means that the Blessed One has crossed over which Kamaka,
Bhava-Okha, Ditthioka, and Avijja-Okha have crossed. crossed up Having
crossed over, he stepped forward, and he passed the canal of all pity.
The other work is on his side. He has conduct, has practiced, etc., does
not have pity, is birth, old age and death, has no new life, therefore
it is called renunciation. His Majesty has crossed over the void. The
word has been liberated means that the Blessed One is liberated, swept
away, swept away, swept away from lust, hatred, delusion, anger, and
anger. Etc. All the auspiciousness. Therefore, it is called the
renunciation of pleasure. His Majesty has crossed over. The magic is
over. \[416\] Thoughts on the words from Pappa in the words from Pappa
Chaham Aphiyajesumedha, there are two things, namely, the intent with
the power of desire 1. The intent with the power of the Ditthi 1. Etc.
This is an idea. with lustful power. Etc. This is an idea with the power
of Ditthi. The Exalted One has attained enlightenment. He renounced his
intentions with the power of desire. He also relinquished his
intentions. Ditthi power. The Enlightened One It\'s called He abandons
his thoughts because He abandons his thoughts. act with passion because
he relinquished his thoughts with the power of ditthi. The word beg for
mercy is to offer advice, to invite, to welcome, to wish to love, to be
pleased with (His words). Wisdom, knowledge, knowledge, behavior, etc.,
non-delusion, discrimination, right-mindedness.

said that Metha in Sumedha Ready access contains this wisdom named
Metha. because of that The Blessed One is called wise. Therefore, it is
called that I ask for mercy \... to abandon thought and have good
wisdom. \[417\] The Blessed One The Blessed One is called a naga. In the
word nagasa in the word Sutvan nagasa appanamissanti Ito as follows. The
Blessed One does not who does evil, therefore he is called Naga, does
not go to evil, therefore he is called Naga, does not come to evil,
therefore he is called Naga, etc. If the Blessed One did not come into
this evil, therefore he was named Naga. It\'s already in the future I
will refrain from here, saying that many people have heard, heard,
studied, and remembered what the Word is saying. through His sermons and
ceremonies, will avoid this place, that is, to go to the great and the
small direction, therefore the people have heard the words of The Lord,
who is already a Naga, will turn away from this place. because of that
Then the brahmin said: I beg you One who renounces mourning, cuts off
lust, has no fear. Abandoning pleasure, crossing void, supreme,
abandoning thought, wise, all have heard. the words of the Lord of the
Nagas Just avoid this place. \[418\] O valiant, various peoples from the
villages have gathered together, hoping for Aoi Su, relying on your
words. May the Lord prophesy well to those people. Because of that
Dharma, He truly knows. \[419\] Kings, Brahmins, Pais, Sutras, Houses,
Banpachits, Devas, and Humans named as the peoples of the nations of the
Dehist. Ngata as follows. The words from the villages have come
together, namely, Ma Daeng, Magadha, Kasi, Kosol, Vajji, Malla, Pagoda,
Sakara, Punjala, Avanti, Yona, and Kampot. The meeting was already
arrived and ready. therefore attending the meeting therefore called
various peoples But the villages have gathered together. \[420\] The
Blessed One is the brave one, hence the name Veera in Audsava tawa vir
vakya abikongkhamana. Thus, the Blessed One He is ardent, hence the name
Veera. The Exalted One is valiant, hence the name Vera. The Exalted One
gives perseverance, hence the name. Varee. The Blessed One is able,
therefore it is called Vree. The Blessed One is without Being a person
who has goosebumps, hence the name Varee.

Blessed One He was spared from all the sins in this world. After
suffering in hell, He lives with perseverance. He said that he had a
heart like that. Therefore, it is called \"Your Highness, the Brave
One\". He preached His Majesty\'s sermon. The word \"hope\" means
\"hope, hope, desire, delight, desire, love, desire.\" Therefore, it is
called \"I am the one who is brave\". I hope for the words of the Lord.
\[421\] The word tesam in the upheath is tesam twa sadu viyarohi, as
follows: kings, brahmins, vaishes, sutaras, laymen, clergymen, devas,
human beings. those The brahmin said The Blessed One said: \"Tuwa. The
word \"May the Lord prophesy well,\" that is, \"May the Lord prophesy
\... well proclaim it. Therefore, it is called I ask him to make a good
prophecy. \[422\] \"Because of that dharma, which He has indeed known;
because of that dharma that He knows, He knows, He compares. He
considered, prospered and made clear, indeed, therefore it is called
because of that Dharma which He truly knows. because of that Then the
brahmin said: Lord, the brave people But since the villages had gathered
together, Wang Ai Su relied on His words. May the Lord prophesy well to
them. because the Dharma that He He truly knew. \[423\] (The Blessed One
replied, See Korn Phatrawutha) A group of beings should waste away all
their lusts, whether they are above, below, or even the middle and
broad. For all beings are willing to take any precepts in the world,
they also go after them. Abhisankhara power is that karma. \[424\] Lust
in form is said to be lust for attachment. in the recitation of
Athanathanhavinyet sabba as follows. Because of that desire all beings
cling to, cling to, hold on to, hold on to, hold on to form, feeling,
covenant, sankhara, spirit, motto. Thus, lust in form says that lust
should be seized, all lusts should be taken away, that lust should be
taken away, subdued, abandoned, alleviated, should be put to an end. to
the absence of which all desires adhere to, therefore it is called

The Lord Buddha called the Brahman by the name Phatravutha, in the Uthes
as Bhadravutha, Bhagava, as follows. The word \'Bhagava\' is a sign of
respect, etc. This \'Bhagava\' is a commandment truth. Therefore, it is
called the Blessed One. Prabhak replied as follows: Look at Phatrawutha.
\[425\] In the future, he said, above, in the upheath, uddham, atho
tiriyam, wapi mjjhe, as follows: the former said: the lower, the
present, said that the middle Close to wide. Kusala Dharma said that
from above, that the lower echelon, Abhayata Dhamma said that the middle
rank was wide. Above, the world said it, and the lower world said it. In
the middle part of the sorrowful, sorrowful, said: Above, sorrowful,
sorrowful, saying: Low, afflicted, sorrowful, saying: The middle,
sorrowful, D. Immaterial, said. Above, the kama-element said that from
above, the image-element said that the middle layer was broad. From
above, from the soles of the feet up, he said: \"High, from the tip of
the hair down\", said: \"In the midst, he said: The middle class is
wide. Therefore, it is called either above or below, or even broad in
the middle. \[426\] The saying that animals adhere to any rupa dhikhan
in the world means that animals to hold, to hold onto, to hold on to any
form of feeling, covenant, any soul would enter and take hold of any
rupa dhikhan in the world. \[427\] The word Mara follows the beasts by
supersankhara power, that is, karma. saying that Khandhamara, that Mara,
Ayatan Mara, Pati Mara, Patindhi Mara, Bhavamarara, Samsara Mara, the
cycle of life that is in the Patindhi Mara, they follow, they follow.
With the power of bhasihangkhara is that karma, that is. Manu Therefore
it is called Mara who follows animals by supersankhara power, that is,
that karma. You should take away the lust for attachment. All above and
below, or even the broad middle layer. because all the animals to enter
into any form In the devil\'s world go after the beasts. With the power
of Abhisankhara That karma right there. \[428\] Therefore the bhikkhu
knows when he sees this beast that the beggar is in the snare of the
dead. If he is in the form of attachment, one should be mindful and not
cling to anything. in the whole world. \[429\] The word because of that
\... knowing that \... should not be taken into account that because of
that.

is because of that because of that because of that factor because of
that story A monk, when he saw this punishment in Craving for
attachment, therefore it is called because of that. Knowing is knowing,
knowing clearly, knowing all, knowing only, knowing only, always
thrusting when knowing, knowing clearly, knowing all, knowing, knowing.
Only, constantly stabbing that all sankharas are impermanent, etc.
Anything that naturally arises, that all things are pure. Extinction is
normal. The word not to be held is not to be held back. Not to be held,
not to be held, not to be touched. One should not hold on to form,
feeling, covenant, sankhara, spirit, motto, uppip, patindhi, pitta,
pity, and vata, therefore it is called that ... that is why ... when one
knows it, one should not cling to it. \[430\] A monk who is a good human
being A bhikkhu who is a sekha is called a bhikkhu in the abbey as
bhikkhustokijanasappaloke, hence the name bhikkhu. The word mindful
means having mindfulness for four reasons, namely, mindfulness and the
development of mindfulness. Contemplating the body in the body, etc.,
said that bhikkhu was mindful, therefore he was called mindful. Any word
is any form of feeling, covenant, sankhara-soul. The word in all the
worlds is in all the worlds. in all the worlds in all human beings in
all the worlds in all the worlds in all the world elements, therefore it
is called a bhikkhu \... one who is mindful in the whole world. \[431\]
The word ... when seen ... trapped in a form of attachment means that
any animal is bound by it. holding and holding on to the form of
feeling, covenant, sankhara-soul, motto, up-praying, patisondhi, pitta,
sympathy, vatta, they said: Attached to the form of the object, adhere
to it. The word iti is a junction, etc. This Iti follows the order of
the chapters. When you see, when you see, when you look, when you look,
when you look, when you look. Therefore, it is named ... when it is
seen... that it is trapped in a form of attachment. \[432\] The word
Pacha is the name of an animal in the country. Pajam imam macjuthayye
visttam as follows: Defilements are good, Khan is good, Aphisankhara
says: The snare of death, in the word Machuthayye. Animals are related,
are involved, are involved, in the snare of the dead, that is, in the
snare of the devil. In the realm of death. Just as the things involved
are entangled in the eyes of the siding or on the tusk (a log of the
ivory) involved. Like the snare, entangled, entangled, in the snare of
death, that is, in the snare of the devil, in the snare of death
Therefore, it is called... this group of animals is involved in
Therefore, the Blessed One said that because of this a bhikkhu knew when
he saw this group of beasts involved in the snare. of the dead as being
trapped in another form of attachment be conscious do not enter into
anything in the whole world.

with the end of the spell, etc. The Blessed One is my teacher. I am a
disciple. 12. ----------- Uttayamanavak Nittas problem Regarding
Utaya\'s problems \[433\] (Reverend Uthaya asked,) I have a need.
problem therefore came to see the One who had meditation No defilements
like dust dwells (at the Pasaka pagoda), He has finished his work, has
no taints, He has reached the shores of all Dharma. Mokkha (Arahat
Vimokkha) which is a device Destroy ignorance. \[434\] The word
meditative in the upheath is jay virjamasina as follows: the Blessed One
He has the first Jhana, even with the Second Jhana, even with the Later
Jhana, even with the Four. even with jhana which is anxious and
criticizes, even with jhƒÅna (second jhƒÅna in punkƒÅnai), that there is no
concern, but criticizes, even with jhƒÅna, without concern, without
consideration. even with joyful meditation Even with the joyful jhana,
even with the happy jhana Even with Jeanne It consists of equanimity,
even with sanity. Yata even with an amitta jhana. even with meditation
as an appnihata even with the worldly jhana even with the worldly jhana
rejoices in meditation He strives for loneliness. heavy in the fruit of
the Lord, which is the benefit of the Lord; therefore, he is called one
who has meditation. Anger, etc. All aggression is like dust. Desires
like thunder. Those who had already enlightened, had abandoned them, had
their roots cut off. thus preventing it from having a location like a
palm sapling, leading to the absence of not to happen any more,
naturally because of that The Blessed One, who has attained
enlightenment, is called the one without dust, without dust, without
dust. dusted off freed from the dust. Lust is dust, but you do not say
dust is dust. The word Thuli is the name of sensuality. The Blessed One
who has eyes He has abandoned the dust. because of that Buddha Chinna
then said that He is dustless, and anger is dust, but you do not say
dust. This dust is a name. of wrath. Blessed One eyed person He has
abandoned the dust. Because of that, Buddha Chinna said: He is a person
with no dust. Desperation is dust, but you do not say dust is dust. The
word Thuli is the name of a ruler. The Blessed One who has eyes He has
abandoned the dust. because of that

Buddha Chinna then said: He is a person with no dust. Therefore, it is
called ignorant like dust. dwells at the Pasaka pagoda, hence the name
Residing. sat on the mountain. All the disciples who had attained the
trivix were complacent, sat wrapped around them. Moreover, the Blessed
One, whose name is the word, dwells, because He has suppressed all
desires (with defilements) and has the Dharma. His existence is over,
his conduct has been done, etc. No pity is birth, old age and death,
there is no new world. The Exalted One is the presence even for some
reason. This is how it goes, therefore it is called His Highness Jhana,
who has no defilements like dust. As follows, it is a junction, etc.,
the word iti follows the order of the chapters. The word Aysma is a
symbol of love, it is spoken with respect. The word Aysma is said to go
with respect and reverence. The word Udayo is a name. Etc. is the
calling of that brahmin, therefore it is called Udaya. \[435\] The word
that His Majesty has finished his business to say that an activity is an
action that should be done and karma that should not be done The Blessed
One, who had already enlightened, had abandoned it, had cut off the
root, had made it stand like a palm tree. to the absence of There is no
further occurrence. because of that The Blessed One, who has attained
enlightenment, is said to have finished his work. It is not for any
monk. who has a cut current The deeds that ought to be done and the
things that should not be pursued will not be available to that monk.
Therefore, it is known that His Majesty has completed his work. The four
asavas are kamasava, bhavas, ditthasavas, avijjasvas, named asavas.
already He had given up and cut off the roots. As a result, there is no
location like Tan Yod Duan. to the absence of not to happen any more
naturally. Therefore, the Enlightened One is called one who has no
taints, hence the name. that he has finished his work, has no taints to
the burial place of Apinya, to the shore of the degree to the shore of
the world to the shore of prayer To the burial of enlightenment, to the
shore of entering all dharmas, that is, to the shore of the ultimate
knowledge, to all dharmas, to the shore of the ultimate knowledge. be of
prescription knowing all suffering to the shore of all defilements To
the side of the Fourfold Path of Prosperity To the side of the making
Informing Nirodha to the shore of all enlightenment The Blessed One has
the expertise and attained in noble samadhi noble wisdom noble meditate.

to the shore, and ascended to the extremity, reached the end He has
reached the end, he has reached the end, he has reached the end, he has
reached the end He has reached the end ascended to the resistance He has
reached the resistance. went to the dark He has reached the place, has
reached the place, has reached the place, has reached the place came to
the innocence He has reached no danger, has gone to where he is not
moving. He has arrived at Mije. He has reached immortality. He has
reached immortality. ascended to nirvana He has reached Nirvana. the
Blessed One There is the Dharma as an endowment, the present is, the
conduct has been done, etc. It is not of birth, old age and death, there
is no new life, therefore it is called He reached the bottom of all
dharmas. \[437\] I have a need with a problem, so I come to watch. It
means that we There was a need with a problem, so they came to watch. I
am someone who has listened to the problem and has come and watched it.
wanting with problems, so they come to watch. The coming, coming and
watching of us who have needs with a problem is wanting to ask
questions. Who? Listen, the problem exists even for this reason, thus
the name is verb. I have a need with a problem, so come Watch. One more
thing. The origin of His problems exists, and he is valiant. Let others
be diligent able to ask questions, to speak, to correct, to clarify, to
clarify, to answer to me Even for this reason, therefore it is called
that I have a need and a problem, so I come to watch. \[438\] He said
that Anyavimokkha in the Udea ahavimokkha sampruhi, as follows, please
say, that is, tell me ... please declare. which an Arahatavayokkha,
therefore it is called asking the Lord to speak to Agnostics Suppressing
avijja is immortal nirvana, therefore it is called destroying avijja.
Therefore, the brahmin said that I had a need with a problem. So he came
to see the Buddha, who had no defilements like dust, dwelling (at the
Pasak Pagoda), finished his deeds. There is no taint reaching the shore
of all dharmas. May the Lord speak to Anya Vimokkha (Arahat Vimokkha)
which is the destroyer of vajha which I Both of these sorrows and
sorrows are a means of alleviating anxiety. is a barrier to annoyance.
\[441\] pleasure in sensual pleasures. sexual desire erotic pleasure
erotic desire lust for lust, lust for lust, lust because of lust

erotic attraction Of all sensual pleasures, kama-okha, kama-yoga,
kamupatana, kama-chandhana, name-vaca-chanda, in the context of
\"pahanam\", \"kama-kamma-tanam\". Dharma is one, one is calm, one is
relinquished. Device for suppressing all eroticism It is immortal
nirvana, therefore it is called the Dharma, the device of lustful
desire. The Blessed One called the Brahman by the name Udaya is said in
this context as Udayati-Bhagava. This word-Bhagava is said with respect.
Etc., this word \"Bhagava\" is the truth of the law. Therefore, it is
called the Blessed One. The participant replied that he looked at the
flood. \[442\] Mental displeasure, sorrowful consciousness, unsatisfied
feeling. caused by touch unwelcome suffering arising from the
mind-contact, called sorrow, in the context of d≈çmonassan joupay, as
follows: The two words and sorrows mean that dharma is a cessation, a
calming device. give up The cessation of both sensual desires and
sorrows is immortal nirvana, hence the name and the two kinds of grief.
The mental inadequacy of work, discouragement, retreat, reversal,
despondency, depressing behavior. Desperation is called Thanee, in the
context of Thinessa Chapanut, as follows. It\'s a relief and a calming
device. The relinquishment device, the suppressor of anxiety, is the
immortal nirvana, hence the name is the reliever of anxiety. \[444\]
Hand nuisance foot nuisance Hand and foot nuisance importance of things
that shouldn\'t be The importance of what should not be The importance
of the blameless thing The importance of the blameless thing Annoying
behavior annoyance The trouble of the mind, the dissatisfaction of this
kind, you call Kukkukjang in the word Kukkukjanam, in the word
Kukkukjanam nivar. at the following point. Annoyance is the trouble of
the mind. It is a frustration that arises because of two reasons:
because of doing one because of not doing it. It\'s the trouble of the
mind, it\'s the frustration. How does it happen because of doing 1
because of not doing 1? annoyance which is a mental distress is a
frustration would happen that We corrupt our bodies, we do not act
honestly, we speak corruptly. We do not speak honestly. We commit fraud
We do not act in good faith. We make sacrifices We do not abstain from
panatipat. we do tinnatan We do not Abstain from Adani Nathan, we make
lies, we do not abstain from lies, we lie, we do not abstain from lies.
We make verbal pizzas We do not refrain from Pisna verbs we do evil
words, we do not abstain from verbs. Words that we can\'t touch fish

Abstain from touching fish We do Abhijha We do not commit malice We do
not do evil We do not do bad views We do not do evil views. which is the
trouble of the mind, which is the frustration It happens because it does
it and because it doesn\'t do it. one more thing The nuisance which is
the rage of the mind is the frustration that arises. We do not perfect
in the precepts we do not find. In all organic anus we do not know the
measure. In nutrition, we do not often engage. in which perseverance
awakens We *do not develop consciousness. We do not develop
consciousness. We do not develop the four foundations of mindfulness, we
do not develop samapa-* dhanas, 4 we do not develop power, 4 we do not
develop organics, 5 we do not. 5 We do not grow up, 7 We do not grow The
Noble Eightfold Path, we do not define suffering. We have not abandoned
Samutai. We didn\'t progress the way, we didn\'t. to inform Nirodha. The
word \"disturbing\" means \"closure\", that is, a restraining device, a
restraining device, a relinquishing device. The suppressor of all
annoyances is immortal nirvana, therefore it is called a deterrent of
nuisance. because of that The Blessed One then spoke. We would like to
say to Anya Vimok. which is the object of lust and both of these
sorrows, as a relief from anxiety, as a means of nuisance. with
equanimity and perfect consciousness have rationality Sailing forward is
a tool to destroy ignorance. \[446\] Indifference, indifferent action,
neglect, peace of mind, veneration of mind, veneration of mind
neutrality with the name of the Fourth Jhana. The equanimity of the
upekkha sati sa suddha is as follows. Remembrance, remembrance, etc.,
right recollection, because the awakening of equanimity in the fourth
jhana is called mindfulness, therefore it is called equanimity and
mindfulness. Purity, pure, white, round, free from defilements, free
from defilements, weak, worthy of work, firm, unshaken, therefore it is
called having equanimity and mindfulness. Like saying that meditation
consists of dharmas. In the word Dhammakakapurejava, meditation consists
of that dharma. have in the beginning There is in front of the chairman
of Anyavimokkha. Even for some reason Therefore, the name Vaj There is a
dharma comprising of dharma and moving forward. one more thing
Sammaditthi said that awareness consisted of dharma. Initially, it was
the presiding officer of Anyavimok, although hence the name that there
is awareness It consists of Dharma and goes forward. one more thing
Vipassana in times is the introductory part of the Fourth Path, saying
that meditation is made up of dharmas. ahead as the chairman of
Anyavimok

This is how it is, therefore it is called that there is a thought that
consists of the Dharma going forward. \[448\] Arahat Vimokkhasat Saying
Ayavimokkha in the state of Ayavimokkhasamprumi, as follows: We would
like to say ... I declare the Arahatta, hence the name. We would like to
tell Anya Vimok. \[449\] ignorance, suffering, etc., ignorance is like a
wedge; delusion, unwholesome knowledge is called avijja, in the sense of
avijja, type of nam, as follows. wachi pattern It is said that it is a
smashing machine, a smashing machine. The calming machine relinquishes
the suppressor, which is Tea is immortal, hence the name. It is the
destroyer of ignorance. Therefore, the Blessed One says, \"I say, Anya
Vimokkha, who is equanimous and mindful, is purified, and has meditation
with the Dharma. Going forward is a tool to destroy ignorance. \[450\]
What does the world consist of? What is a machine Traveling to that
world? He said, Nirvana, because of what? \[451\] What does the word
world consist of? What does it mean? binder, binder, binder The
tarnished machine of the world? What is the world that is composed,
assembles, binds, clings, clings, intertwines, hence the name, what
constitutes the world. \[452\] What is the word for the journey of the
world, what is the journey for the world\'s journey? The world travels,
travels, travels with what? Therefore, what is the name of that world
travel tool? \[453\] The word His Highness Nirvana Say yes, say yes, say
yes He said that nirvana because of renunciation, renunciation,
cessation, what can be done? Therefore, he is called Nirvana, for what
reason? because of that Then the brahmin said: What does the world
consist of? What is a machine Traveling to that world? He said, Nirvana,
because of what? \[454\] The world has pleasure as its accompaniment.
Worry is the journey of that world. We say that nirvana is eradicated by
the abandonment of craving. \[455\] Craving, lust, Saraga, etc. Abhijha
Lobha Akusolmul said: \"The enjoyment of euphemism is as follows:
Pleasure is the attachment, the binder, the tarnish of the world. This
joyful world is composed, assembled all around,

bound, bound, bound, intertwined. Therefore, it is called the world\'s
enjoyment. \[456\] Anxiety 9 is lustful, vengeful, lustful, lustful,
lustful. to relatives concerned about the countryside Worried about the
anxious angels with compassion for others, fear of reverence and praise,
fear of reverence, without wanting others to despise one\'s self. These
are called Vitka 9, called Vitka, in the context of Vitkkassa,
considered as follows. to go about that world. That world travels
through the nine vatikas like this. Therefore, it is called anxiety as
the travel tool of that world. \[457\] Formation of passion, Sattanaha,
Gandhathanha, Ratanha, Touchabbhatanha, Dharmatanha, named as tanha in
Uthesava, tanhai, Vippahanen, nimmanam, iti vuccati, as follows. It is
said that nirvana because of the abandonment of desire means that we can
tell, tell, tell, and show that Nirvana is renounced, renounced,
renounced. Craving can be destroyed, therefore it is called Nirvana
because of the renunciation of craving. because of that The Blessed One
said that the world had pleasure as a component. panic as a machine
Travel to that world. We say that nirvana is achieved through the
abandonment of craving. \[458\] When the world is mindful Yangon
therefore the consciousness is extinguished? came to inquire The Blessed
One. We will ask to hear. That speech of His Highness. \[459\] The word
when the world is conscious How to travel around means when the world is
conscious, how to travel, travel around, change posture, heal, maintain,
heal. Therefore, it is called when the world is mindful. What\'s going
on? \[460\] The word cessation of the soul means that the soul is
quenched, it does not cease to exist. Therefore, it is called the Spirit
quenched. \[461\] The word people I have come to inquire of the Blessed
One, saying: We have come, that we have come, come, come to meet with
You to to inquire, that is, to inquire, to inquire, to ask, to invite,
to the Enlightened One, that is, to be conferred; therefore, we have
come to Ask the Blessed One. \[462\] We will hear His words, We will
listen, study, and memorize. ordained His words, words, words, sermons,
and sermons, therefore it is said that we will hear His words for that
reason. Then the brahmin said: When the world is conscious, how do you
travel? So the spirit is extinguished? us came to inquire of the Blessed
One. We will ask to hear.

That speech of His Highness. \[463\] When the world does not enjoy
internal and external feelings, one wanders in such a mindful way. So
the spirit is extinguished. \[464\] \"When the world does not enjoy
feeling inside and out, when the world contemplates the feelings of
feelings within, Does not enjoy, does not care about, is not set on
lust, that is, relentlessly, relieves, makes ends meet. to the absence
of which enjoyment Lack of enthusiasm, affiliation, adherence Must be
confident. When the world sees it. The feeling in all feelings is
outside. when the world sees the feeling of suffering both within and
outside when the world considers Dharma The occurrence of all feelings
within When the world considers Dharma The deterioration of all feelings
within when the world considers Dharma is the arising and disappearing
of all feelings within The world considers righteousness is the
occurrence of all feelings in the outside, when The world considers
Dharma as the decline in All feelings are outside. when the world
considers Dharma as the arising and deteriorating in All feelings are
outside. When the world considers the Dharma as the occurrence of all
sufferings inside and outside When the world considers the Dharma as the
deterioration of all feelings inside and out and outside When the world
considers the Dharma as the arising and disappearing of all feelings.
Both inside and outside are not enjoying themselves. Not indifferent,
not set on the fascination of feeling, that is, relents, relieves, makes
ends. Let there be no enjoyment, longing for, affliction, clinging,
clinging, and clinging. Do not enjoy Not scattered To Not located On the
other hand, when the world considers feeling impermanent, will not enjoy
\... when the world sees pity by suffering By disease, as an abscess, as
an arrow, as an affliction, as an affliction, etc., without deceit.
salad machine It does not enjoy ... When the world, considering the
feeling of suffering by these 42 symptoms, does not enjoy it, does not
care for it, is not settled with desire, that is, ease, ease, end to the
lack of enjoyment, longing for, enthusiasm, clinging, coercion, and
confidence. Therefore, it is called when the world does not enjoy Pity
on the inside and outside. \[465\] The word \"traveling with such
mindfulness\" means \"being one with this consciousness, traveling
around, changing postures, taking care of It nourishes and heals,
therefore it is called one who is mindful in this way. \[466\] The word
spirit is thus extinguished, meaning united spirit with wisdom, united
spirit by unconscious mind. The united spirit with an eternity is
extinguished, peace, and its steadfastness does not cease, therefore it
is called Vaji. Consequently, consciousness is extinguished. Therefore,
the Blessed One

So he said that when the world does not enjoy feeling inside and out,
one who is mindful like this travels. So the spirit is extinguished.
with the end of the spell, etc. The Blessed One is my teacher. I am a
disciple, therefore, I have finished the 13th issue of nidthes.
---------- Postalmanavak Nittas problem Concerning the problems of Po
Sala \[467\] (Pho Salah asked) Who is the Blessed One? He was not
shaken; He had cut off his doubts. He reaches the shores of all dharmas,
shows the past. I have a need and a problem, so I come to see the
Blessed One. that entity. \[468\] The word yo in the upheath is yo
atita, such as mindfulness as follows: the Blessed One Who is the Buddha
without a teacher? Knowing only the truths in the Dharma all that He had
never heard before. He attained omniscience in those dharmas and
attained mastery in all the dharmas. The word Chom expresses the past
that Phra Maha Bhumibol Adulyadej He shows the future, the future, the
present. of his own and that of others. How does the Blessed One show
His past? The Blessed One has shown Some Lives Some Two Lives Some Three
Lives Some Four Lives Some Five Lives Some Ten Lives Twenty Lives some
thirty lives some forty lives Some fifty lives, some hundred lives, some
thousand lives, some hundred lives, throughout life. some great
throughout the life of some throughout many cycles and many cycles, some
of His own past, that in that world we have such a name. Such clans,
such skins, such food, such pleasures and such pleasures, is only for a
certain age at birth. from that world and was born in that world. Even
in that world we have such a name. Having such clans, having such skin,
having such food, having such pleasure and such suffering. There is only
an age limit. After being born from that world, he was born in this
world. He showed many previous lives. with symptoms together with the
country In this way. The Blessed One shows his own past in this way. How
does the Blessed One show others\' past? The Blessed One has shown some
one life, some two lives, etc., throughout many life cycles. which is
the past of others that in that world, this person had such a name There
is such a pedigree have that skin there is such food happy and suffering
like that There is only an age limit. After being born from that world,
he was reborn in

In that world, even in that world, one had such a name, such a clan,
such a complexion, such a food. Such pleasure and suffering have a
certain age only. and was born into this world. In this way. The Blessed
One shows the past of others in this way. The Blessed One speaks the 500
jatakas, is known as showing his own past. and others Teach the Great
Thaniya Sutta ... Maha Suthasana Sutta ... Maha Kovinda Sutta ... Makha
Devasuta, the name of His Majesty the King. His past and that of others.
realism according to the Buddha\'s words that the Blessed One said: The
former incarnation of the Tathagata Foreword to the past tense exists.
How much did the Tathagata hope to know his existence first? can only
remember the past life foreshadowing the future, exists, etc., see the
insight born of the Tathagata\'s bodhi stick. Foreword to the present
tense arises that this life is finally here. Now there is no more world.
organic (Intellectual machine determines the supreme knowledge The
organic slack of all beings) is the strength of the Tathagata.
Asayanusayana (knowledge, desire that comes to lie down and defilements
that lie after all beings) is the strength of the Tathagata. Yomaka
Miracle (Intellect is a tool to bring back the dual adversity) is the
strength of the Tathagata. great mercy (Intellect in the Great
Compassion) is the strength of the Tathagata. omniscient is the strength
of the Tathagata. Anavaranaya (intellect due to avajchana without any
barriers) is the strength of the Tathagata. A future that is irrelevant,
nothing is contrary to all times. It is the strength of the Tathagata.
In this way, the Blessed One has shown ... proclaiming even the past,
even the future, even the present, of Himself and that of others.
Therefore, it is called the Blessed One. His Majesty shows the past. The
word iti in the way of saying ijjasma posalo, as follows, is a
consensus. The word Aysma is a symbol of love. The word Polo, a name,
etc., was the calling of the brahmin, therefore the name Posalo asked:
\[469\] Craving, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha lobha akusalamun He said
that the trembling in Authasava Anejo Qinnasamsyo is as follows. Then
the Blessed One had attained enlightenment and had abandoned. root is
cut off causing it to have a location such as Tan Yod Duan, leading to a
non-existence, something that does not happen anymore. because of that
The Blessed One, who has attained enlightenment, is called unshaken. The
Blessed One is not shaken. because He has given up all trepidation. The
Blessed One does not tremble, does not tremble, does not tremble, does
not fear, not even because of wealth, even because of corruption, even
because of rank, even in because of disgrace even because of praise even
because of gossip even because of happiness Even because of suffering,
therefore it is called unshaken. Dissatisfaction, he said that the
suspicion in the precepts of Qinnasasyo follows. This doubt, the
Enlightened One

Destroyed, calmed, suppressed prevent it from happening. It is burned
with the fire of wisdom. Therefore the Enlightened One is called Vava,
henceforth is called no anxiety His suspicion has been cut off. to the
shore of the degree He reached the shore of the world He reached the
shore of prayer, he reached the shore of enlightenment He reached the
shore of entry, that is, He reached the shore. The ultimate knowledge of
all dharmas, etc., the Blessed One has no pity on birth, aging and
death, there is no new life, therefore he is called the shore of all
dharmas. \[471\] I have a need with a problem, so I come to watch that
we Having a need with a problem, he came to watch, etc., in order to
clarify and clarify, even for this reason, hence the name. I had a need
and a problem, so I came to watch. Therefore, the Brahmin said: Who is
the Blessed One? He was not shaken; He had cut off his doubts. He
reaches the shores of all dharmas, shows the past. I have a need and a
problem, so I come to see the Blessed One. that entity. \[472\] I am a
monk. I would like to ask about the intuition of a person. Person who
has a form of a contract that has already passed After leaving his whole
body, he saw what was inside and outside. At least one is not there.
that person What advice should I give? \[473\] What is the following
form of contract in the word vibhavassa? memory contract, necessity of
the person who enters the process or of persons who have already
accessed (in the form of vacancies) or that of a person who has the
Dharma The present happiness is called the form of contract. The word
person who has the form of a contract that has passed away means that
the form of a person who has formed the fourth form of a contract is
gone and has disappeared. Gone, Gone, Gone, Gone, so it is called the
One who has the Form of the Passed Covenant. \[474\] The whole body has
been abandoned means that the whole conceited body has been abandoned,
that is, the body has been abandoned by the Abstaining from both the
power and the abandonment (because he has acquired the jhana), he is
called one who has given up all his body. \[475\] Akincanyatanasapat is
called anything that does not exist in the Udeva ajatta ca phahittha ca
natthi kijti. Passato, as follows: Why is it not called
Akincanayatasapat? A person is conscious. enter the spirit out of that
treasure and not yet that spirit, it is to develop and become clear, to
disappear, to see that there is little or nothing; therefore, there is
nothing Therefore, the consciousness is called anything that does not
exist.

Therefore, it is said that one who sees inside and outside does not have
anything. \[476\] The word skaka in the like Thus, the Exalted One is
*called Sakka. The Blessed One came to be ordained from the Sakyan
family. Even for the following reasons, the Blessed One is called Sakka.
even because of the following reasons The Blessed One is called Sakka. I
would like to ask about insight, meaning I would ask of that person\'s
perception of how they exist and what advantages they may have, and what
advantages they desire; therefore, it is called but the Sakka I would
like to ask about wisdom. \[477\] How should such a person be advised,
that person should be advised, should be guided, should be directed,
should be advised. Consideration should be given, how should it be
respected? and more spiritual How is that person supposed to happen? The
word such person is that person, that person exists, that person, that
person, that person, that person, that person, that person, that person
In such a way, a person who has a good faith is therefore called What
advice should that person give? because of that Then the brahmin said I
am a monk I inquired about the intellect of a person who has The form of
covenant that has passed away from the whole body and sees inwardly and
outwardly that there is nothing less. What advice should that person
give? \[478\] (The Blessed One replied, \"Look, Posala) The Tathagata
knows all the spirit-thiti (the place of the spirit). It is wonderful,
and has that property in the fore. \[479\] The word \"total
consciousness\" means that the Blessed One knows the four spirits with
the ability to apologise. He knows the seven spirits with the ability to
fertilize. The Blessed One knows the four spirits with the ability to
enlighten. How are you waiting? realistically, according to the
Buddha\'s words, the Blessed One said: look at the monks Form-holding
spirits stand, form as their emotions, form as their dwellings. Having
pleasure as a drug, it stands, stands for prosperity and abundance. look
at the monks The soul clings to feelings, etc., clings to the covenant,
etc., clings to the body, is established, has the body as the feeling.
having a body as a place of residence having pleasure as a drug It is
located on the to the prosperity and abundance. The Blessed One also
knows the 4 spirit can apologise like this. How does the Blessed One
know the seven spirits and be able to conceive? realistically according
to the Buddha\'s words, the Blessed One said look at the monks There are
beings that have different bodies, different perceptions, like humans,
some devas, some vinipatikas. This is the first supreme spirit. Monks,*
these beings having different bodies have the same covenant. such as the
gods in Muja Brahma

who was born in the primitive landscape This is the second supreme
spirit. Look, monks. All of these beings have the same body. have
different contracts such as the gods Aphassa This is the third
supremacy. Bhikshus, there is one being, having the same body, having
the same contract. Such as the gods of Subhakin, this is the 4th
endurance spirit. look at the monks One of these animals neglects the
contract. in all respects entered the air of Sanya Tanjhana with the
following words: The air is unbearable This is the fifth stamina spirit.
Look, monks. One of these animals In all respects, he enters the
Spiritual Mantra in meditation saying: The soul is infinite This is the
sixth supreme spirit. Bhikkhus *, one of these beings by all means
transgresses the self-consciousness. enters* Akinyaton- contemplation
with the blessing that nothing at least does not have This is the
seventh endurance spirit. Knowing the seven spirits and being able to
conceive like this. Therefore, it is called Vaji All mysticism. The
Blessed One calls that brahmana by the name Posala, in the sense of
posalati-bhagava, as follows. Etc., this word bhagava is the truth of
the law. Because of that, he was called the Blessed One replied, \"Look
Posala.\" The words of the Tathagata are real, according to the
Buddha\'s words that the Blessed One said, look at Karnuda. The past is
not true or not clear. If there is no benefit in that matter, the
Tathagata does not foresee. Even if it\'s a past story true, but without
benefit, even that matter the Tathagata does not foresee. Taking
advantage in that matter, the Tathagata knows the kathachi. Forecast
that problem. Look at the bottom, if even the matter has not yet
arrived, etc. not true not true Does not contain benefits The Tathagata
did not predict that. Look at the bottom, if even the current story is
true. but does not contain benefits In spite of that, the Tathagata
It\'s not forecasting. Look at the bottom, if even the current story is
true. It is useful in that regard, the Tathagata knows the time to
predict the problem. Look at the description for the following reasons
and The Tathagata is the one who Said at the proper time, said the
truth, said on the footnote, said on the dharma, said on the discipline.
in all dharmas both in the past future and present because of that The
graduate said that we are Tathagata. Behold, what is the sense of
existence, the world with the world, the gods, the Mara, the Brahma
world, which are all beings and brahmins, devas, and humans have seen
and heard and understood. already informed, reached, sought, considered
all that ayatana The Tathagata knew only that he was ready. Therefore,
the Sage said We are Tathagata. In what night, behold, the Tathagata
attains enlightenment and at what night does the Tathagata attain
nirvana through nirvana. said the Tathagata. Tell me what story during
that time? All of them are true, nothing else. Therefore, the graduate
said I am a Tathagata. See what the Tathagata says, do that, do that.
Whatever the Tathagata says, does that or does, and does that, and thus
the sage says: We are the Tathagata.

In the world with the devas, the Mara, the Brahma world, among the
beasts with all the recluses and brahmins, devas and human beings unable
to possess being a true observer as the authorized person because of
that The graduate said that We are Tathagata. Therefore, it is called
the Tathagata who knows the most. \[481\] The word acquaintance with the
person who resides. that the Blessed One knows a person One who is also
present in this world can presume that this person, when his body dies.
will attain evil, dukti, extinction, hell. this person when his body
dies will reach the birth of beasts The Blessed One knows a person. who
is in this world with the ability to say that this person, when the body
dies will reach the vision. Blessed One He knows the person who is in
this world. with the ability to say that this person, when the body dies
will occur among human beings. The Blessed One knows the person who is
in this world. with the ability to karma sankkara vata this person when
the body dies will reach the bliss of the heavenly world. Indeed,
according to the Buddha\'s words, the Tathagata said: Look, Sariputra, I
have established the mind of Some people in this world with their hearts
already It is clear that This person does so. behave like that follow
that path when the body dies I will attain evil, devastation,
extinction, hell. Sariputra, by my heart I have established the heart of
some people in this world and are comforted. This measure that this
person acts that way. behave like that continue that way when the body
dies will reach the birth of beasts Behold, Sariputra, I have
established by heart some people in this world and know in this way that
this person do so behave like that continue that way when the body dies
will reach the imp Vision. See the substance B. In this world I have
determined by heart, knowing that certain people in this world This
person does so. behave like that continue that way When the body dies,
it arises among human beings. Sariputra, I have established by heart a
certain person in this world and know thus clearly that this person acts
in such a way. behave like that continue that way When the body dies,
one will attain the bliss of the heavenly world. Sariputra, I have
determined by heart some people in this world, and know this clearly:
This person does so. behave like that continue that way will make it
clear that ceto-vimut, wisdom, unattainable-sava Because all the taints
are extinct by the self-knowing wisdom is now attained. Therefore it is
called knowing that person who established You J. \[482\] The word has
been surpassed in the upheath as Vimuttam Tapprayana, thus, it means
that it has been surpassed in the supreme awakening. is willing to go
into that treasure Having that treasure is great. one more thing The
Blessed One knows that this person is inclined to form, to sound, to
smell, to taste, to taste. touch I bow to my family, I bow to my school,
I go to the monk I bow to wealth, I bow to rank, I bow to praise. I bow
to my happiness, I go to my robes go in alms Kilan Factor
Pharmacokinetics Congratulations to the Sutra compromise in the
discipline Indulge in the Abhidhamma Congratulations to the body of
another monk robe It is an obedience to the body of a monk who wears
three robes.

It is an obedience to the teachings of other monks. Traveling for alms
is an obedience to the Lord\'s body. Bhikkhus who carry the tour in the
order of the alleys Indulge in the lordship of the monks, taking the
seat of one asana as his body. Congratulations to the monks The person
who respects me only in the alms bowl as a sacrament is willing to go to
the Lord. of the monks who hold non-consultation after the observance
Willing to go to the body of a monk who holds a regular occupancy in the
forest Congratulations to the body of another monk Staying at the foot
of a tree is a rite of complacency in the body of a monk. Staying in the
cemetery is an observance. How does a monk hold the seat that he
arranges as a new ritual? Going into the body of a bhikkhu who does not
sleep as a subject, he goes to the first jhana, the second jhana, the
Tatiyajan, the Chatutthana, Akasanayaton- *samapati, the spirit
Akinchanayatasapat Therefore, it is called the termination of magic. The
word possessed is a precursor, meaning accomplished only by virtue.
There is that property in the future. having karma in the future There
is a streak in the future. heavy in karma heavy in fertilization. one
more thing The Blessed One knows that this person has a form in the
future, etc. There is a precedent of the concept of self-sacrifice as a
precedent, therefore it is called that the supreme liberation is the
forerunner. because of that The Blessed One said, The Tathagata knows
more and more of the spirit. \[483\] The person knows that when it is
set, it is beyond magic, it is the precedent. \[483\] That person knows
speech causing it to occur in the ignorant world having pleasure is the
constituent of this, having known that karma in this way, he then
contemplates (dharma) in that state. which is a brahmin At the end of
the virginity. \[484\] The word karma is the cause of karmic nature,
meaning karmic karma which leads to ignorance. Nyathanapob said that it
was the cause of the ignorance. that is to know, to know, to compare, to
consider, to be clear, to make it appear that the karma that leads to
the* ignorance is related as a binder is a concern hence the name
Knowing karma is the cause of ignorance. \[485\] The word euphoria is
complemented by this: Desire in form says that pleasure is
complementary. to know that karma that is attached to, entangled by
imperative desire, that is, to know, to know, to compare, to consider,
to clarify, to make manifest is related as a binding device It\'s a
worry machine. The word Iti is a chapter. Etc. The word Iti follows the
order of the chapters. therefore

Therefore, it is called having pleasure as a constituent as follows.
Knowing is knowing, comparing, contemplating, clarification, and making
manifestation of that karma in this way. This job already. \[487\] The
word, in that order, contemplates (dharma) in that realm, that he enters
the enlightenment, spawns and leaves that state. and then contemplate,
that is, to see, to examine, to look at, to contemplate, to contemplate
all the dharmas, that is, the mind and the cetasikas that arise in that
samadhi by being impermanent, suffering, diseased, etc., without any
trickery. Therefore it is called that, in that order, contemplates
(dharma) in that existence. \[488\] That person\'s true insight, that
is, that person\'s true, true, non-violent insight, therefore, is called
that. It is the true intellect of that person. \[489\] The word
\"brahman\" in Uthes, \"Brahmanssa Wusimato\" means that the name is
Brahman because it floats. The seven dharmas have already existed. Etc.
A person who is no longer dependent on craving and view is a stable
person, he is said to be a Brahmin. Therefore, he is called a brahmin.
The word \"lives the end of the virtuous life\" means that seven
peoples, including the ladies-in-arms, live. gathered all around to
reach the dharma that had not yet been reached to attain the dharma that
has not yet been attained; to make it clear which the dharma that has
not yet been made known You finished and finished the business. The
burden has been relieved There is a benefit that has already been
reached, respectively. freed from defilements by right knowledge. An
Arahant is endowed with the Dhamma, has a well-behaved conduct, etc.,
does not have pity, that is, birth, aging and Death does not exist any
longer, therefore it is called He is a brahmin, the end of the holy
life. Because of that The Blessed One said that that person knew karma
as the cause of the birth in the realm of life. having pleasure is the
constituent of this, having known that karma in this way, he then
contemplates (dharma) in that state. which is a brahmin At the end of
the virginity. with the end of the spell, etc. The Blessed One is my
teacher. I am a disciple, therefore, I have finished the 14th
Posalmanava Problematic Nidthes. ------------- Mokharajmanavakhana
Nittas Regarding the problems of Than Mokharat \[490\] (Phra Mokharat
asked) I have inquired twice already.

The Blessed One who had no eyes had predicted me. I- He heard that For
the third time, the Blessed One was a hermit (they asked questions) for
the third time, he prophesied. \[491\] The word \"I am Sakka\" I have
asked this question twice, saying that the Brahmin has asked the
question of the Enlightened One. That time, the Blessed One asked the
question, not predicting in the order of the eyes. The organic maturity
of this brahmin will be there. The Blessed One is called Sakka.
Sakyasakul, even for the following reasons: hence his name is Sakka. The
Blessed One is wealthy and possesses a lot of wealth even because of the
following reasons. His name is Sakka. This is wealth is faith. Property
is morality, hiritha. y is ottappapap is sutapapap is suta is sap is sap
is wisdom Property is the foundation of mindfulness Property is the
assumption Property is power Property is organic, property is health,
property is Bojjong. Property is the path, property is the result,
property is nirvana. The Blessed One is very wealthy, possessing many
wealth. Even for this reason, he was called Sakka. The Blessed One is a
valiant, valiant, capable, capable, valiant, advanced, non-cowardly
person. not terrified, one who does not flinch, one who does not flee,
has given up fear of cowardice, is free from furrows. even because of
the following reasons therefore named Sakka, therefore called \"Sakka\",
I \... 2 times already. The Buddha image I have inquired, asked, asked,
invited, and asked him twice, therefore it is called I, Lord, I have
inquired twice. The word Iti in the context of Ijjasma, Mogharaja is a
junction, etc. The word Aysma is a saying of love. The word Mogharaja is
the name and the invocation of that brahmin, therefore it is called
Mogharaja. \[492\] The word did not prophesy to me in the word na me
pyakasi jakkuma, meaning not to say \... not to I announced to me. The
word \"Eye\" means that the Blessed One has five eyesights, namely,
human-eye-eyes, Dhipaya-sight, Wisdom-sight, Buddha-eyes-eyes,
Samanta-eyes. How does a Buddha have eyes even with a Buddhist eye? The
five colors are green, yellow, red, black and white. appear to the
Blessed One in the eyes of the Buddha. His eyes are located only in a
place where there is a green, green, attractive, attractive, like the
color of water hyacinths. The next one is yellow. yellow is good The
golden color of Kanna looks attractive like a yellow Kanika flower. Eye
sockets on both sides. The Blessed One\'s color is red, red, attractive,
attractive, like the color of the wings of a ruby-gold insect. in the
middle

It is black, good black, not tarnished, completely black, attractive and
attractive, like the color of fire brick. Next to that, there is white,
good white, pure white, pure white, nice to look at, nice to look at,
like the color of a star with a dazzling flora. The Blessed One has a
monk- because of the image caused by honest karma in the past life, he
sees it all around Both day and night. even when there is darkness It
consists of four elements: the sun has set, the night of the waning
temple, the dense forest line, the great cloud rises, and the darkness
consists of Seeing the Fourth Form like this, at that time the Blessed
One and he saw all the people around him. Holes, gates, walls,
mountains, stumps, or vines are nothing to prevent him from seeing
images. If a person should take One sesame seed is a mark. put it into a
wagon for loading sesame. That person should take that sesame seed. Such
is the nature of the eyes of the Blessed One. The Blessed One also has
eyes. Vegetarians like this. How does the Blessed One have an eye even
with a divine eye? The Blessed One considers saw the beasts that were
incarnating by the divine eye of mankind, through the pure eye of
mankind, he is thus able to know clearly which of the beings are
subjected to karma. The Blessed One wants to see the world, one good,
two good, three good, four good, five good ten, good twenty, good
thirty, good forty, good fifty, good hundred, one thousand and one. A
small amount of work is good. Two thousand is a moderate part, three
thousand is a good thing, and four thousand is a great part, or how much
he wishes to see the world of elements? He saw only the elemental world.
This is the Divine Eye of the Blessed One. The Blessed One has an eye
even with such a vision. How does the Blessed One have eyes even with
wisdom? The Blessed One has great wisdom. have broad wisdom He is
enlightened, has wisdom, has wisdom, is sharp, has wisdom, destroys
desires, is wise in the category of wisdom. have a broken mind He had
attained the oath, had reached the 4th Vesarachayanana, had the power of
10, was a valiant man. He was a Siha man, He was a Naga man, He was a
well-mannered man. He was a man running errands. having infinite
intellect There is no ultimate power, no rank. being wealthy, having a
lot of wealth, being considered as having wealth, being a leader
Congratulations. that has not yet arisen, has led the people to
understand the path that has not yet been understood He has told the way
that no one has told, knows the way, knows the way, is wise in the way.
That\'s it for now. The disciples were the ones who followed the path
that followed later. The Blessed One is known, known, is seen, is seen,
is wise, wise, dharma, and has noble qualities. a person who preachs the
dharma general speaking His Highness gave advice on the benefits of
giving immortality. The Dharma Husband went like that. He did not know
nor saw He did not know, did not make it clear, neither was he right
with wisdom, none at all. All dharmas including past, future, present.
will enter the canal in the muk, which is the insight of the Enlightened
One by all symptoms. Reputed to be one of the Dharma chapters that
should be recommended.

It should be known that it exists. Benefits for others, benefits for
both parties, benefits in this life, benefits in the next life,
benefits. Shallow, deep benefit, open benefit secret benefit Suggested
benefits Suggested benefits The benefit is not punishable. benefits
without passion white benefit or Great benefit. All of that is within
the Buddha\'s knowledge. All acrobatics, all speech, all mental
according to the intuition of The Enlightened One, the Enlightened One
Prayana does not interfere in the past, the future, and the present.
Only the enlightenment, how much enlightenment, the dharma chapter that
should be recommended The dharma that should be recommended is the most
insightful. Prayana does not violate the Dharma teachings that should be
recommended. The path of Dharma that should be recommended is not
deceitful. Those dharmas are finally settled in each other. Two tongues
casing tightly together, the lower tongue, not more than the upper
tongue. upper tongue Just as the two prosperous tongues were at the end
of each other, as though the Blessed One had been enlightened. There are
dharmas that should be advisable and so are the enlightenment that
finally settled on each other. How much doctrine should be recommended?
only how much wisdom only the dharma that should be recommended Phra
Yarn has a dharma chapter that should be the most recommendable.
Scriptures that should be recommended has the most wisdom Prayana does
not violate the Dharma teachings that should be recommended. the path of
the Dharma The advice would not be deceptive. Those dharmas are finally
settled in each other. The insight of the Enlightened One is possible in
all dharmas. due to skepticism Because of the blessing, because of the
enlightened mind of the Blessed One. The insight of the Enlightened One
is possible in all beings. The Blessed One Knowing as the place where
all beings lie down He clearly knew the animals who has only passion The
dust in the eye is little wisdom. who has only passion The dust in the
eye is very wise, with an organic and daring nature. with organic John,
with good symptoms, with bad symptoms. easy to know, hard to know,
animal products which is the world of unfortunate beings, the world with
its gods, the Mara, the Brahma world, the world of beings and the
brahmins Angels and human beings are within the Buddha\'s knowledge. All
kinds of fish and turtles Most of them include assorted timimit fish.
Just as the world, with its devas, Mara, Brahma worlds, amongst beings
with its recluses and brahmins, devas, and humans, is within the Buddha.
perception I\'m the same. Most all types of birds including To Garuda,
Ventoeyya fly in the air country Sariputra by wisdom would be in the
country of the Buddha I\'m the same. Buddha- \*Intellect covers the
wisdom of gods and humans. King Brahmin, householder, clergyman who is a
graduate have detailed intelligence There is a dialogue with others. As
an archer shoots sand feathers accurately. Those sages are as though
rambling with their own wisdom to destroy views. Those graduates The
problem has come to see the Tathagata. Ask those questions. The Blessed
One has spoken and corrected, and has shown cause and cited results.
Those graduates are great. in line with the Buddha image, in order

Then the Blessed One ascended with wisdom in that place. because of that
The Blessed One is therefore called There is an eye even with this kind
of wisdom. How does the Blessed One have eyes even with the eyes of the
Buddha? The Blessed One, upon examining the world with the Buddha\'s
eye, saw in his eyes a sage with lust like dust. Few who have only
passion as the dust in the eye is great wisdom. Those with old and weak
organics, those with older organics, those with good symptoms, and those
with bad symptoms. The mentor is easy to know. It\'s difficult for a
mentor to know. Some of them are normal people who see the dangers and
dangers in the Hereafter. In the Ubon, in the Kopathum or in the Kobon,
the Ubon Bua, the green lotus, the Pathum Bua Luang, or the lotus
flower, the white lotus, some species are born in the water, grow in the
water, go along the water, submerge in the water that nurtures them.
Some species are born in the water, grow in the water, always stand in
the water. Some species are born in water, grow in water, emerge from
the water. Even as the water was nurtured, the Blessed One examined it.
Lok with the eye of the Buddha He saw a group of stupa who has only
passion Like the dust in the eye is little wisdom. who has only passion
The dust in the eye is great wisdom. organically grown person Those who
have organic powers, those with good symptoms, and those with bad
symptoms, who are easy to advise. It is difficult for the mentor to
know. Some people normally see the dangers and dangers in the Hereafter.
I\'m the same. The Blessed One knows that this person is sensual. This
person is a bad person. This person is dishonest. This person is wicked,
this person is wicked. This person is insidious. The Blessed One gave a
speech to a person who was ignorant. Saying mercy and praying to a
person who is enraged. His Highness advised the deceitful person to
settle in because of the content and the interrogation in listening to
the Dharma in the Dharma conversation in coexistence with the teacher.
Tell Anapanassati to the person who is a lunatic Tell the Buddha\'s good
enlightenment, that the Dharma is good. the good practice of monks and
their precepts which is a vision, a place of devotion for a person who
is a virtuous person. said the symptoms were not noon Suffering
symptoms, symptoms are non-self, which is insight to the person who has
intuition. a person standing on the top of a stone mountain Even as the
people around him should be seen, O Venerable Sumedha, he ascended to
the sanctuary with dharma. without sorrow He saw the people who were
enraged in sorrow. People who are born and old dominate, like that. The
Blessed One has eyes even with this eye. How does the Blessed One have
eyes even with the Samatha? Sampanya, he said that Samantachakhu.
Reaching, reaching, ready, consisting of omniscience. There is not any
dharma that the Blessed One does not see, does not know, or does not
know. He knows only all the Dharma chapters. Whatever chapter exists,
the Exalted One knows that chapter. Therefore, the Tathagata

Therefore, he is a monk. The Blessed One has an eye even with such an
eye. Therefore, it is called the Blessed One who has eyes. He did not
prophesy to me. \[493\] I heard that the Blessed One who is a hermit
(When someone asks a question) for the third time, he predicted as
follows: that I have studied, memorized, and determined. Then like this
The Buddha who asked the question For the third time, he prophesied and
did not forbid it. The word \"Phra Thep Hermit\" means that the Lord He
is both a deity and a hermit, therefore it is called a hermit. Just as
the king was ordained, he was called a brahmin, ordained a brahmin, and
then called a brahmin hermit. Both are hermits, and so are they.
Therefore, they are called hermits. one more thing The Blessed One has
become ordained, even for this reason, he is called a hermit. Even for
this reason So he was called a hermit. The Blessed One seeks, seeks,
seeks, finds the great samadhi. Great wisdom Wimuttikhan Yai
Vimuttinyanatsanakhanyai Even for this reason, he is called a hermit.
big Withdrawing arrows is a great passion. loosening the big pile
Falling only as a big flag great peace The shake off of the great
defilements, the layoffs, the great burdens, the cutting off the great
samsara. quenching great suffering suppression of obscurity to raise the
Dharma as the flag is raised even for that reason therefore he is called
a hermit. Big Conclave, Big Ithibath, Big Organic, Big Phyla Yai,
Phojong Yai Riyamakhom E The eighth grand, great nirvana, even because
of the following reasons Therefore, he was named Hermit. Many powerful
people searched and searched to find out where the Lord Buddha was.
Where did the devas dwell? Where does the Blessed One, more valiant than
the people live, even for the following reasons? Therefore, he was
called a hermit. I have heard that the Blessed One who is a hermit
(Someone asked questions) for the third time, the King made a
prediction. because of that Then the brahmin said I am a monk I have
inquired twice. The Blessed One has not prophesied to me. I heard that
For the third time, the Blessed One was a hermit (they asked questions)
for the third time, he prophesied. \[494\] This world, the other world,
the Brahma world and the gods I do not know. see his The coder is a
person of rank.

\[495\] The word \"this world\" in the context is loko, paro, loko, so
this is the human world. The other world is the whole world. Take this
world of mankind as another world, hence the name. This world, another
world. \[496\] The word Brahma world with The world of the Brahma world,
together with the world of the devil and the world A group of beings
with ascetics, brahmins, devas and humans, therefore it is called the
Brahma world and the deva world. \[497\] The word does not know His
opinion, that the world does not understand His views, decency, likes,
doctrines, hospitables, and wills. say Blessed One This opinion is like
this. should be like this have this preference There is such a cult This
kind of attitude It has this purpose, therefore it is said that he does
not know His opinion. \[498\] The word Blessed One means that the
Blessed One has already held the rank, therefore the Blessed One has the
rank. one more thing A Blessed One who is revered, revered and revered
by gods and humans, is the one who receives robes, alms, alms, and
medicinal necessities. Person of rank. because of that Then the brahmin
said, \"This world, the other world, the Brahma world and the deva
world. I do not know. see his The coder is a person of rank. \[499\] I
had a need with a problem, so I came to see you. See this beautiful
Dharma. when a person considers the world So the mortal did not see it.
\[500\] The word enlightened This means that the one who sees the
beautiful Dhamma sees the supreme Dharma. see the noble dharma see the
wonderful Dharma see Dharma as the chairman He sees the supreme dharma,
sees the dharma very much, therefore he is called one who sees such a
beautiful dharma. \[501\] Words that I have a need So we came to watch
over the problem. is a person who has a need So he came to watch, etc.,
to give explanations, to speak, even because of this reason: therefore,
I am in need. Problems therefore come to watch. \[502\] The word, how to
see the world, means that the seer sees, considers, compares, prosper,
makes it clear. Therefore, it is called how to see the world? \[503\]
The word \'death\' does not see it as neither sees nor experiences, does
not meet, does not specifically, therefore it is called \'death\'. see.
Therefore, the brahmin said that I had a need with a problem. therefore
came to watch over the Lord See this beautiful Dharma. when a person
considers the world So the mortal did not see it. \[504\] Lord Mokharaj,
you must be mindful and see the world with your mind.

It\'s a lost item. The self has been removed. should skip death with
this tactic. When a person sees the world like this So the mortal did
not see it. \[505\] The word world in the upheath is suto lok
avekkhassu, as follows: Nirayalok, Tiratchanan, Pittivisaya, human
beings, Deva world, Khanthalok, Elemental, Ayana, this world, other
worlds. The Brahma world with all the gods. One of the monks asked the
Blessed One: Blessed One The Blessed One said that the world, the world,
like this: He said, for what reason, the world? The Blessed One replied,
"Bhikkhus, I say that the world because of its collapse. What is
different? Broken eye, broken shape, broken spirit eye. Eye contact is
broken, feeling is good, suffering is good. All bitterness and suffering
are good. that occurs because the eye is a factor Even the pain was
broken. Broken ears, broken voices, broken noses, broken smells, broken
tongues, broken tastes, broken bodies, broken eyes, broken spirits,
broken spirits, broken consciousness, broken feelings, happiness and
pain. All bitterness and suffering are good. that occurs because the
mind is a factor Even the pain was broken. Bhikkhus, the Dharma is such
a monk. will be broken as follows Therefore we say the world. The term
contemplates the world as a matter of possession means that one sees the
world as Being is lost for two reasons: one is able to determine that it
is not possible and one is able to consider sankhara as a Empty 1. A
person considers the world as a waste with the ability to determine that
it is not possible in power. What? No one can gain power in form, in
feeling, in covenant, in body, in spirit. Indeed, according to the
Buddha\'s words, monks, Rapu is anatta. monks If this image would be an
ego, then This image should not lead to anger. and it will be obtained
in the form: Let my form be like this. Our image should not be like this
at all. But, bhikkhus, because form is selfless, therefore form leads to
affliction. and not in the form that Let our form be like this, let our
form not be like this. Feeling is selfless. Monks, if this feeling would
be self, then This feeling should not lead to anger. and be satisfied
that have our pity Let it be like this, our pity should not be like
this. See monks. But because feeling is non-self, therefore feeling
leads to affliction. and it is not in the sense that May our pity be
like this, may our pity be like this. The contract is soulless. look at
the monks If this contract is to be Ego This contract should not lead to
anger. and as promised in the contract that ask for our promise So
let\'s be this, our promises can\'t be like this. See monks. But because
the contract is selfless, therefore the contract is for enmity. and not
in the contract that May our promises be like this, our promises never
be like this. The body is anatta. look at the monks If this sankhara
would be

Ego This sankhara should not lead to affliction. and will receive in the
body that ask for our body Let\'s be like this, my body must not be like
this. Look at the monks. Because sankhara is anatta, therefore sankhara
leads to affliction. and can\'t be in the body that Let our bodies be
like this, let our bodies not be like this at all. The soul is soulless.
Bhikkhus, if this consciousness were to be self, then This spirit should
not lead to affliction. and it will be obtained in the spirit, saying,
May my spirit be like this, my spirit not be like this. The soul is
selfless, therefore the soul is subject to affliction. And it is not in
the spirit that let our spirit be like this. Our spirits should not be
like this at all. This body, bhikkhus, is neither yours nor that of
others. All these old kamma that has been modified The intention is to
be the cause. You should see it as the place of suffering. Bhikkhus, in
that body the noble disciple It is extinguished and it is well respected
to the supreme supremacy that is because of the following: when
something exists, this exists; because this arises. this happened When
this does not This does not exist. Because this is extinguished, this is
extinguished, that is, because ignorance is a factor, there is body.
Because body is a factor, there is spirit; because spirit is a factor,
there is a name. Because the name-form is the factor, there is salaat,
because the salaytana is the condition, there is contact, because the
contact is the condition, there is feeling. Because feeling is a factor,
there is craving; because craving is a factor, there is clinging.
Because prejudice is a factor, there is a world. Because existence is a
factor, there is birth; because birth is a factor, there is old age,
death, soka, parideva, suffering, sorrow, and upays. occurrence of The
whole mass of suffering is like this: because ignorance ceases without
vomit, sankhara is extinguished, because body is extinguished,
consciousness is extinguished, because consciousness is extinguished by
name and form. extinguish Because his name and form are fading away\*,
Thana is extinguished; because of his death, his contact is
extinguished. because of the touch of feeling, the feeling is
extinguished Because of feeling, craving is extinguished, because of
craving is extinguished, clinging is extinguished. Due to the cessation
of existence, suffering is extinguished, because of existence, birth,
aging, death, soka, parideva, suffering, sorrow and upayas are
extinguished. The cessation of all suffering is good. with symptoms like
this. The world by belonging and extinction is capable of defining. that
it is not possible in this power. with the ability to consider the body
By being empty, how? No one has any substance in form, in feeling, in
perception, in body, in consciousness. Form is without substance,
without substance, without substance. In essence, precision is the
essence, in essence happiness is the essence In essence, he is the
essence. by precision by sustainability by constancy or by being
naturally unshakable. Feeling without substance, without matter, without
matter. Substanceless, Substanceless, Substanceless, Substanceless,
Substanceless, Substanceless, Substanceless Soul is essenceless,
essenceless, without essence, impermanence is essence. In essence
happiness is essence, self is essence, without certainty by
sustainability by stability or without variance

It\'s normal. The bean has no essence, no substance, no essence. In
addition, the castor plant has no essence, no substance. Incidentally,
the fig tree has no essence, no substance, no substance Incidentally,
the fig tree is unsubstantial, no substance, no aging. Incidentally, the
Tonglang tree has no essence, no substance, no essence. Incidentally,
the sponge has no substance, no substance, no substance. Incidentally,
glands Water without essence, without substance, without substance
Incidentally, the banana tree has no essence, without substance, without
matter. Incidentally, Phym Like the sun without essences, without
matter, without matter, without matter, without matter, without matter,
without matter In essence, precision is the essence. In essence,
happiness is the essence. In essence, he is the essence. by precision by
sustainability by stability or with normal variance Feeling without
essence, without essence, without essence Substanceless Contract Without
Substance Without Substance Sangkhara without essence, without
substance, without substance Soul is essenceless, essenceless,
essenceless, impermanence is essence. In essence, happiness is the
essence. In essence, he is the essence. by impartiality, by
sustainability either by stability or by being naturally non-variable
I\'m the same. A person considers the world as a matter of possession.
with the ability to consider For these two reasons, one sees the body as
an emptiness. A small person sees the world as being, being lost by six
symptoms, that is, a person can see form as he is not great 1 without
being able to do as he pleases. 1 as a site of discomfort 1 without
being in power 1 according to cause 1 without being empty 1. a person
considers Seeing feeling, perception, body, and spirit as he is not
great \... in vain. A person sees the world as being and being lost by
these six symptoms. one more thing A person sees the world as a
possession by ten symptoms. by the emptiness 1 by the emptiness 1 by the
extinction 1 without the self 1 without the essence 1 as the killer 1 by
the decay 1 as the foundation of suffering 1, with the taint 1, as the
aggregation of factors, 1. A person contemplates feelings, perceptions,
sankharas, and spirits through knowledge. \... by the agility of the
additive factors. personal consideration the world by belonging and
extinction by these ten symptoms. A person considers the world as being
of extinction, by twelve things, that is, considers that Form is not an
animal, 1 is not life, 1 is not a man, 1 is not a man, 1 is not a woman,
1 is not a man, 1 is not one. not belonging to oneself, not one\'s own,
not one\'s own, one has none 1. A person considers that feeling,
covenant, sankhara, and spirit are not animals ... There is no one. A
person sees the world as being lost by these 12 symptoms. Monks,
whatever is not yours, leave it alone. That which you have given up will
become possible.

for benefit for long lasting happiness. look at the monks What is not
yours? All? Look, monks, Rapu. It\'s not yours, all of you. that is
deformed which you have given up, is for the benefit of eternal
happiness. Bhikkhus *, compassion is not yours ... The contract is not
yours ... The body is not yours. You, bhikkhus, the spirit is not yours,
you neglect it, that spirit you have abandoned. shall be for the benefit
for eternal happiness. Look at all the monks. Why are you important to
that point? Any grass, trees, branches and leaves that exist in this
Jetavana vihara shall be taken away by the grass, trees, branches and
leaves, burned, or shall as appropriate to the cause. This thought that
the people led us to waste and burned. Or did he act as he should for
some cause? Well, the monks said that it was not so, my Lord Buddha. For
what reason? Because those things are not myself or things related to
myself, then, my Lord Buddha. look at the monks me too What is not yours
All of you, leave that thing aside. that which you have abandoned as for
the benefit for long lasting happiness. look at the monks The picture is
not yours. You leave that form, that form you have abandoned. shall be
for the benefit for long lasting happiness. Bhikkhus, feeling, covenant,
sankhara, the soul is not yours. All of you that which is lost, that
which you have neglected It will be for the benefit of eternal
happiness. A person sees the world as a possession even like this.
Venerable Ananda asked the Blessed One: Blessed One He said that the
world is lost as follows. He said, For how much is the world lost? The
Blessed One replied, \"Look, Ananda, because of the loss of oneself or
from something that is related to oneself, therefore, it is said that
the world is lost. Look, Ananda, what is lost from oneself? or from
things that depend on them? The eye is lost, the form is lost, the
spirit is lost. Eye-contact is lost, pleasure-feeling is good,
pain-feeling is good, feeling is bad-feeling, feeling* is good because
eye-contact is a factor. even if that pain is lost from oneself or
something that is related to them. The ear is lost, the voice is lost,
the nose is smelled, the tongue is lost, the taste is lost, the body is
lost, the touch is lost, the mind is lost, the mind is lost, the mind is
lost, the mind is lost, the feeling is lost, the pain is gone, the
feeling is gone, touch is a factor Even if that feeling is lost from
oneself or from things which are related to oneself, see Ananda, because
of one\'s loss or from that which one has to do with oneself, therefore
it is said that the world is lost. Contemplate the world in such a state
of extinction. Behold, when one sees the emergence of all dharmas, which
is the continuation of all sankharas. in fact There is no such danger.
Whenever a person always considers the world grass and wood with wisdom,
then that person is undesirable. any other existence or existence,
except for the non-existent world.

In spite of this, a person sees the world as an extinction. and
realistic according to the Buddha\'s words, the Blessed One said:
Bhikkhus, the monk follows, searching for forms. How many mottos of form
are there? According to the search for compassion. How many thoughts of
feeling are there? Search for a contract. How many mottos of the
contract are there? According to the search for the body. How does the
mind of sankhara exist? Searching for the spirit. How many spirit mottos
are there? It\'s like that. When a bhikkhu searches for form, how many
mottos of form are there? in search of pity How much is the motto of
feeling? According to the search for contracts, how many mottos of the
contract are there? Searching for the body How many thoughts of sankhara
exist? According to the spirit search, how many spirit mottos are there?
No matter what power we hold, we are good, our desire is good, we are
good, monks. which exists Even so, there is no such thing as regard to a
monk. A small person sees the world in such a state of extinction. The
word \"consider the world as a possession\" means \"look, contemplate,
compare, examine, make it clear. make it appear which the world by its
belonging is lost, therefore it is called, consider the world by its
belonging and its extinction. \[506\] The Blessed One called that
Brahman by the name Mokharat, in the Udeh as Mokharat Satha Sto, as
follows. At a later age. The word mindful means having mindfulness for
four reasons, namely, mindfulness and the development of mindfulness.
Contemplating the body in the body, etc., that person is said to be
mindful; therefore, he is called a gharaja \... always mindful. \[507\]
Ditthimi-matt 20 said: Attanutthi in upheath, atttanutthi, uh. Thus, a
mortal who does not hear in this world does not see the Buddha. The
noble one is not wise in the dharma of the noble one. Introduced in the
Dharma of the Holy One, you have not seen the faithful. not wise in the
Dharma of a true man, not guided in the Dharma of a man. would be able
to see form by being As he sees himself as having form, as he sees,
forms within him, as he sees himself in form, as he sees feeling,
perception, body and spirit, as he sees himself. Do you have a soul?
according to the spirit in them as seen in the spirit Ditthi is gone
supreme ditthi Ditthi is the way of the wilderness Ditthi is the enemy
(thorn and thorn) Wrong view, wrong view, view is the accompaniment,
holding, clinging, clinging, holding on to the wrong way, wrong way,
wrong, the doctrine of Dia. Cars Perversion, perversion, misconception,
mistrust of objects, not true, how much is this view? Attanutthi. The
word withdrawing self-destruction means demolishing and dragging. Drag
it out, add it up, relieve it, end it. to the absence of which
attanuthithi, therefore it is called the withdrawal of attanuthithi.
\[508\] The word must be overcome by such a ploy, it is possible to go
over it. Zhuang, even the dead, even the old, even the dead, by this
trickery is therefore called crossed.

It can be accomplished with this kind of tactic. \[509\] The word
contemplating the world thus means seeing, contemplating, comparing,
contemplating, prospering, enlightening the world in this way.
Therefore, it is called contemplating the world in this way.
Jamachuracha na passati as follows. The word does not see The fact that
the mage does not see, is not experiencing, not seeing, not seeing, not
seeing, not only. look at the monks forest area when traveling in the
forest walk without being suspicious Standing and not being paranoid
Sitting and resting, he is not worried; lying, he is not worried. Why is
that? For as the flesh does not go in the way of the hunter, O *monks .
Like so a bhikkhu, secluded from sensual pleasures, secluded from
unwholesome states, enters the first meditation, where anxiety,
reflection, joy and happiness arise, but seclusion. look at the monks I
say this monk, darken the devil, banish the devil. Gone to a place where
the devil\'s eye is bound by the shark\'s disapproval. One more thing,
monks, monks entering second meditation which has the inner radiance of
the mind, the primordial dharma, which arises, without anxiety, without
consideration, because the worry has gone away. There is joy and
happiness born of concentration. Entering the tertiary jhana, entering
the fourth jhana. Look, monks, I say this darken the devil, banish the
devil, make a way to go to a place that is not agreed The devil\'s eyes
tie the shark A. one more thing A monk enters into a meditation session
saying: The air is infinite because the contract is neglected because
the contract is terminated. because he did not attend to the contract By
all means exist. look at the monks This bhikkhu, I say, darken the
devil, banish the devil. Gone to the place Disagreeing with the eyes of
the devil, tying the shark A. one more thing Bhikkhus in all respects
Entering the spirit- jayatana* jhana, saying that the soul cannot be the
ultimate. Overwhelmed by all things enters into the Scriptures of Jhana
with the motto that nothing at all does not encroach on Jhana in all
Entering the contract Preliminary contract by in all respects Entering
the Magic Nirodha contract. and the taints of the monks are eliminated
by seeing with wisdom. This bhikkhu I say darken the devil. Eliminate
the devil from having a way to go to a place that is not seen by the
devil\'s eye. After passing through the lusts that have vanished in
different moods. that walks and does not hesitate; stands; does not
hesitate; sits does not hesitate; lying; does not hesitate; that is
because Why? Because the monk does not go in the way of the devil, binds
the sharks, therefore it is called the devil who does not see. because
of that Then the Blessed One said, \"Ok Gharaja, you must be mindful,
contemplating the world with a clear mind. It is a lost item at any
time. Having removed selfishness, one should be able to overcome death
by means of this deception. When a person sees the world like this

So the mortal did not see it. with the end of the spell, etc. The
Blessed One is my teacher. I am a disciple. Therefore, I am a disciple
of Mogharajamanavakhana Nidthes 15. --- ------------------
Pingkhiyamanavak Nittas problem Concerning the problems of Lord Bingkiya
\[511\] (Reverend Bingkiya asked:) I am a person. Old, with little
strength, without skin. The eyes are not clear. Headphones are
uncomfortable. Lord, do not be lost in the meantime. Ask the Lord to
speak tell the Dharma that I should know which is a person who has
abandoned birth and old age here. Ong is an old person, an old person, a
person who has passed on through the ages. It is 120 years old at birth.
The word has strength. less means that Turaphon has little strength and
has little slender strength. The word without skin means without skin.
Has a flawless complexion, a beautiful complexion The youth is gone, and
the punishment has appeared, therefore I am a man. old with little power
Without skin. The word iti in the way of saying ijjasma ping kiyo, as
follows, is a constituent chapter. The word ayasma is a symbol of love.
The word Pingkiyo is the name of the Brahmin\'s supplication. Jan.
\[513\] The word eyes are not clear. It\'s not easy to listen to,
meaning that my eyes are not clear, not clean, not pure, not bright.
Such eyes are therefore called eyes that are not clear. The word
\"inconvenient\" means that the ears are not clear. Pure, not pure, not
radiance. With such an ear I hear the sound clearly. Therefore, it is
called that the eyes are not clear and the ears are not easy to hear.
empty, meaning that I shall not perish, perish gone in ignorance,
without wisdom, without enlightenment, with depraved wisdom. The word
between means I I don\'t know do not notify does not make it appear, not
only

Incorrect, not clarified, that the Dharma, view, and path of the Lord
should be abandoned. In the midst of truth, therefore, it is said that I
should not be lost in between. \[515\] Saying, please speak the Dharma
in Autsava Ajikha Dhammam Yamaham Wicha ‡πç thus: \"May the Lord speak
forth \... Please proclaim which Brahma good beautiful in the beginning
beautiful in the middle, beautiful in the end, and beautiful with both
consonants Absolute purity and the four foundations of mindfulness, the
4 supremacy, the 4 powers, the 4 organics, the 5 physical strength, the
5 Bojhana, the 7 Noble Path, the 8 Nirvana, the practice leading to
nirvana. Therefore, it is called \"May the Lord speak the Dharma.\" The
word that I should know means that I should know, that I should know.
Chong, only enlightened, stabbed all the time, attainable, right,
enlightened. Therefore, it is called. Please enlighten me. I should be
informed. \[516\] Here, it is a place to leave birth and old age, it is
here to be a place, a place for peace, a place to relinquish, a place to
quell birth, old age and death, and it is here to immortalize nirvana,
hence the name. that it is a place where the birth and old age is here,
because of that Then the brahmin said: I am an old man, weak in
strength, without skin. The eyes are not clear. Headphones are
uncomfortable. Lord, do not be lost in the meantime. Ask the Lord to
speak tell the Dharma that I should know \[517\] (The Blessed One
replied: \"Dokorn Bingiya) People who are intoxicated are in trouble
because of all forms, because they see the people in trouble because of
all the pictures. Look at Ping Kiya because of that. Thou art heedless,
giving up form so that it does not happen any more. \[518\] The word
rupesu, in the words tisvan, rupesu, vihmane, thus means the four great
elements and the form based on the four great elements. Hot, lam, bak,
persecuted by him, killed by him because of his form. because of the
shape factor because of the position of form. When a form exists, the
kings There are many things to do, that is, to whip some with a whip, to
whip with some rattan, to hammer some, to cut off your hands. Some Cut
the sack tape, cut both the hand and the sack. Cut off the ears, cut off
the nose, cut off both the ears and the nose. causing some cauldrons of
rice to boil over his head. Let the bald scalp be white, like some
conch, making it look like Rahu\'s face. causing them to be burned all
over Some of the hands were set on fire, and some had to flay their
skins and tie some ropes to them. They shall be skinned and dressed like
a straitjacket, make iron rings at the elbows and knees, and fasten them
with iron clasps. Let them hook some hooks to the flesh of the mouth and
prick them too. let it fall and pour from some Maha Pana Have the body
be ripped and painted with water, some burn, lie on your side and
hammer.

Put some steel blades in the ear holes. Let the skins be skinned.
smashed the bones together like a leaf, drenched in some hot oil. Let
the dog eat some meat. Put some lao in there. and cut off his head with
a sword. All the animals Suffering, being persecuted, being killed by
him because of the factors of this form. which the people who in such
trouble, therefore he said that because of The people were in trouble
because of their forms. The Blessed One called that brahman It is called
pingiya in the pingkhiyati bhagava as follows. This bhagava is a
respectful instrument. etc., the word Bhagava is a commandment
Therefore, it is called the Blessed One. Praphat said that. \[519\] The
word ruppanti in Uthesava ruppanti rupesu chana pamatta, thus, it means
trouble and trouble. Suffering, being persecuted, being killed, and
terrified of suffering aggravated, suffering, being persecuted, being
killed, being scared to death, because of eye disease, because of ear
disease, etc., because of touching By the heat of the sun and crawling
beasts, therefore it is called suffering because of all forms. one more
thing When the eye is deteriorating, deteriorating, all rounds are gone
without disappearing. All the people were in trouble. When the ear,
nose, tongue, body, etc., forms, sounds, smells, tastes, tastes,
faculties, abbots, fortunes, yoss, Sanserns, Suks, robes, robes, alms,
senas, cultivats, pharmacies deteriorate, deteriorate, disappear,
vanish, vanish. All of them are in trouble. Etc. Even for this reason,
it is called the Grand Duke. It\'s hot because of all the images. The
word people are kings, brahmins, phaets, sutaras, krahasths, banpachits,
gods, and humans. The negligence in the word negligence should be said.
liberation It\'s good to let your mind go into a corrupt body. In the
word corruption is good. In corruption is good. In the five-fold
goodness, or recurrent inaction, cessation, slack conduct, consensus,
errands, lack of addiction, lack of growth, lack of making much.
inattention frequent inactivity in the civilization of all human beings
Named as negligence, negligence, negligence. He who is negligent, sees
this, said negligence. The name of the negligent is therefore called the
reckless people. because of all the images. \[520\] The words because of
that, in the upheaval tasma tuv pingkhiya apamatto, thus, because of
that, because of that because of that factor Because of that gossip,
that is, when you see the blame in all forms like this, therefore it is
called Dugorpingiya, therefore you. Negligence means one who performs
with respect, does it often, etc., does not negligence in all wholesome
qualities. Therefore, it is called Dugorpongi Kiya. f. Do not
underestimate.

\[521\] The word rupa in the upheath jahassa rupa, apunnappavai, as
follows: the four majestic forms and the form based on the maha element
forms. Give up, give up, alleviate, bring to an end, bring to the point
of formlessness, therefore, let go of the word, so that it does not
happen any more. Just as your form should be extinguished in this world,
fertilization should not arise, that is, not born, should not be born.
Not to be born, that is, not to be born, not to be born, not to be born,
not to be born only in the kamma-element, form-element,
non-formal-element, kama-native, non-formal, non-conceptual,
non-consensual, non-conceptual, na-concept. Pope Ekwokanpop,
Chatuvokarnpop Panjavo- \*Another name that should be destroyed That is,
so is the peace of existence that does not cease to exist in this world.
Therefore, it is called Abandon form so that it does not arise. further.
Therefore, the Blessed One said that the people who were intoxicated
were angry. because of all the images, because Seeing people in trouble
because of all forms, look at Bingiya, therefore you are careless.
Abandon form so that it does not arise further. \[522\] These ten
directions are the four main directions, the four lower directions, the
four upper and the lower directions. Has He not seen or heard, or not
known, or at least a little known? not qi in the world. Lord, please
tell me the dharma that I should know, which is the cause of birth and
old age here. \[523\] The words of these ten directions are the Great
Direction. The four lower directions, the four directions above and the
lower direction, mean that the first direction is one\'s benefit, the
benefit of others, the benefit of both sides, the present benefit. save
Benefits in the next life, etc. His ultimate benefit is neither seen nor
heard, nor known, nor known. I\'m confused only a little, neither
exists, does not exist, does not appear, does not appear, therefore it
is said that He has neither seen nor heard. Yes Knowing or not knowing,
only a little does not exist in the world. \[524\] Saying, please say
the Dharma in the precepts, Ajikha Dhammam Yamaham Vicha ‡πç, which means:
Please speak \... Let me declare the holy life beautiful in the
beginning, etc., the practice that leads to nirvana, therefore it is
called, Please Speak the Dharma. The word that I should know, that I
should know, that I should know, that I should know, to thrust, to
attain, to attain. enlighten, therefore, it is called, Please enunciate
the Dhamma that I should know. \[525\] The word is the cause of birth
and old age. This is a place, a place of peace, a place to relinquish, a
place to quell aging and death. It is immortal here and there, therefore
it is called a place of rebirth.

and old here. Because of that The brahmin then said that these ten
directions are the four main directions, the four lower directions, the
upper and the lower. He who is on the low side does not see, does not
hear, does not hear. Did you know that He had not been enlightened at a
little or not in the world? Please tell me the dharma that I should
know, which is the cause of birth and old age here. \[526\] (The Blessed
One replied, (Dokorn Pingiya) You see, among the people who are
afflicted by lust. The old age has reached its surroundings. Look at
Ping Kiya because of that. You are the one who is negligent, abandoning
lust so that it does not happen any further. \[527\] Form of craving,
Sattanaha, Gandhathanha, Ratanha, Touchabbattanha, Dhammatanha, namely
Tanha in Udeva, Tanhadhipanna, Manuche Pekkamano, as follows. The
domination of lust means the one who is possessed by it is one who
follows it, one who goes after it, one who is engrossed in it. possessed
by lust There is a lustful mind attached to it. The word Manuche is the
name of an animal. The word \"see\" means \"see\", \"see\", \"see\",
\"see\", \"see\", \"consider\", therefore it is called \"seeing\" among
human beings who are possessed by lust. The Blessed One called that
brahmin by the name Pingiya. This is how one who suffers because of old
age, pathology, death, soka parideva, suffering and upayas because of
Suffering in hell, etc., because of suffering, because of the calamity
of view, the calamity, the calamity, the calamity, the so-called sorrow.
On the other hand, it means that Ananya is right around the side of the
meeting, according to the nation, old age follows, and parasites
dominate. death no resistance There is no hidden place. do not hold
anything The refuge has nothing to rely on, therefore it is called
troubled. The old age has reached its full potential. \[529\] The word
tasma in upadesava tasma tuv pingkhiya apamatto thus means because The
reason is because of that because of that because of that factor Because
that tale is that when he sees the blame in this lust, he is therefore
called Dukor Bingiya. It is done with respect and not recklessly. in all
wholesome dharmas, therefore it is called Dukorn Bingiya. You must be a
careless person. \[530\] Form of craving ... The Dharma of lust is
called lust, in the word jahassa tanha apunphavai, thus, the word
renounce lust means leave, leave. Absent, alleviates, brings to an end,
leads to the liberation of craving, therefore it is called liberation.
find.

Just as your form should be extinguished in this world, fertilization
again. Cannot arise, that is, should not arise, should not be born will
not happen It should not arise only in the kamma-element \... or vata,
it should be quenched, it is not settled, it ceases to exist in this
realm. go. because of that The Blessed One said, You see that the people
A man who is possessed by lust has reached his surroundings. Look at
Ping Kiya because of that. You are the Do not underestimate the desire
for the future. \[531\] with the end of the spell The Dharma eye without
defilement, without blemish, arises for thousands of wise beings. They
are the same, have the same sentence, have the same purpose. is the same
There is the same ascendancy training with that brahmin Ping Kiya that
any thing is a common occurrence All things are naturally extinguished.
As for the Pingkhiya Brahman, there is the Dharma Eye (Anakami Magga)
without defilements, without any blemish. is a common occurrence All
things are naturally extinguished. Tiger skin, chada, cloth, cane, cane,
gourd, hair and mustache are gone. Along with getting the Dharma eye.
That Pingiya Buddha As a monk dressed in robes and robes, venerating
monks and robes, venerating with proper practice, sat down to worship
the Blessed One. I am the glorious one. Blessed One I am a teacher, I am
a disciple, therefore. End of Pingkhiyamanavakhana Nidthes No. 16.
--------- ------ Sorosmanawak Nittas problem concerning the problems of
the 16 monks \[532\] The Blessed One had already said this: \*Maha, 16
Brahmins, including Pingkhiya Brahmins who are donors Invited to ask
questions The Lord had predicted the problem. \[533\] The word that the
Exalted One has said this means that the Exalted One has spoken. already
which pari this formula. The word Bhagava is a respectful instrument.
Etc., the word \"Bhagava\" is a law of truth. Therefore, it is called
the Blessed One who has spoken this way. \[534\] The word resides in ...
Bihar, which means near the countryside, is called Bihar. The word
Viharanto means staying, that is, changing one\'s posture to maintain,
maintain, heal. Pasanke Jetiye thus, hence the name is situated at Pasan
Pagodi, Bihar District. \[535\] The word Brahmins 16 people, including
Bingkhiya Brahman, who is a brahmin, means that Brahman, Pingki
Yabrahman, a servant close to the noble one the wishes of the Brahmins,
even for this reason they are called Brahmins; as a donation

one more thing Those 16 Brahmins should be the aspiring donors of the
Enlightened One, even *with this cause. so This is the name of the 16
Brahmins, including Pingkhiya Brahmins. who is a donor \[536\] The word
invites and asks. He has foretold and the problem is that he has invited
Arathana. The word \"asked\" means \"asked\" means that he has spoken,
and has invited. Let him be nervous. The word has prophesied, which is a
problem, means that He has prophesied, that is, has prophesied ... He
has announced a problem, therefore it is called Invited to ask questions
His Majesty had already foretold the problems. practice dharma
Appropriate to the Dharma, to be buried in old age and death. because
these dharmas are the locations of landings. Because of that, the word
Parai is the name of this dharma. \[538\] The word if \... of a problem
means that even of Achitta one problem If even one of these problems If
even one of the problems If even of compassion for a problem If even one
of the problems If even one problem, if one problem If even one of the
problems If even of the eons of trouble One, if of Jatukanni, one
problem find one, if, one, if, one, if,* one, if, one, problem If even
of the void of a problem, if even of the Pingkhiya problem of a certain
problem, therefore, it is called one problem. \[539\] The word
comprehension Knowing the Dhamma means knowing thoroughly, that is,
knowing, comparing, considering, developing, making it clear, which is
worthwhile. That problem is dharma. Wisachana is the meaning. Therefore,
it is called \"Knowing the meaning. Knowing the Dhamma\" means \"Knowing
thoroughly\" means knowing \... making it clear. immersed in the Dharma,
therefore it is called Knowing the Dharma. good practice The practice is
not an enemy. The practice is in accordance with the benefits. The
practice is suitable for the Dharma. Therefore, it is called the
practice that is suitable for the Dharma. \[541\] Amata nirvana is the
peace of all things. The renunciation of all possessions, the cessation
of craving, the liberation of passion, the cessation of craving is a
hundredfold, he said, on the shore of aging and death. Adheve that
khachchaiyue charamaransa param as follows. The word to reach the shore
of aging and death means to reach it, to be attained, to be stumped.
should make it known to the shore, therefore it is called the shore of
aging and death. \[542\] The word dharmas are the sites of landing,
meaning that these dharmas are positions. places to be implanted that
is, to reach, to be ready, to follow, to be ready, to be ready, to go
beyond aging and death, therefore these dharmas are called. is the place
of giving to the shore. \[543\] The word because of that \... of this
primal Dharma means that because of that is because

then, because of that because of that factor Because of that tale,
therefore, it is called because of that reason. of Parai this Sutra,
hence its name because That\'s why \... of this Dhamma The renunciation
of all attachments, the cessation of craving, the liberation of passion,
the cessation of craving is a hundredfold. Nantewa Athivajanam as
follows. The path is right-seeing, etc. SammƒÅdhi, he said, Ayana (The
Path is the cause). The word is a name, it is a noun, it is a count, it
is always known, it is a commandment, etc. It is a call, therefore it is
called Parai. Na, that\'s the name. I Totaka Brahman Upasiwa Brahman
Nantha Brahman Hek Brahman Todeya Brahman Kappa Brahman Chatukanee
Brahman, Phattharawut- Brahman Utayaprahman Posalparahman Mokharat
Brahmins, the wise, Bingiya Brahmins, who seek the great Dharma. These
brahmins have come to watch. which the wandering Buddha is ready, the
seeker, when he asks a detailed question, has come to look at the noble
Buddha. \[546\] The word ete in the word etebuddha upak This is how the
Brahmins are. The word \"Buddha\" will be said as follows: the Blessed
One who is the Sayambhu, has no enlightenment the truth in all dharmas
He had never heard of him in the past as he had already arrived. which
being omniscient in those dharmas and has reached the mastery of all
powers. The Blessed One is called Buddha in the word Buddha, so what is
the meaning? because the enlightenment of all truths because he had
awakened the animals. because he knows all dharmas, because he sees all
dharmas because He knew the dharma that should be practiced, because He
was happy. because of His part have tainted because of His part there is
no defilement, because He is completely free from lust, because He is
completely free from anger, because He is completely free from lust. in
one part delusion, because He has no defilements in one part, because He
has reached He is the only one who is fully enlightened and fully
enlightened. which is the supreme enlightenment because He has
eliminated ignorance. because he had gained wisdom and enlightenment.
This name is Buddha, mother, father, brothers, sisters, sisters,
friends, brothers and sisters, blood relatives, recluses, brahmins,
devas. This name is simple. Mokkhantikam (the name that arises at the
end of liberation). His name is Buddha.

attained enlightenment at the pole of the Bodhisattva of the Enlightened
Ones, therefore it is called the Buddha. \"These brahmins have come to
see the Buddha, these brahmins have come to watch, come and watch.\" Cha
came and sat near and asked and inquired about the Buddha. Therefore,
these brahmins were called to look after the Buddha. Chor. \[547\]
Success of the precepts and the Jara He said that Vacharana in the Uthes
said that Sampannacharanam Izu as follows. Good shakriyanuyoga, good
seven true dharmas, good four contemplations, good conduct. It means
having perfect conduct, having a noble conduct, having a presiding
character, having a great character, having a great conduct, therefore
it is called a person who has reached the perfect path. The word Izu
means seeker. The Blessed One seeks, seeks, seeks for the great virtue,
therefore he is called a seeker. Etc. In addition, His Majesty animal
kingdom Those with great power seek, seek, find where the Lord Buddha
resides. Where is Narasa, where is he? Therefore, he is called the
seeker, therefore he is the one who is ready, the seeker. \]The word
\"Pushanta\" in Udevapujantanipunepa Thus, when asked, asks Aradhana,
invites, speaks to His Highness. The word \"deep problems\" means that
deep problems are difficult to see, difficult to enlightenment, calm,
sublime, cannot be grasped by thought. detail that the wise can know.
Therefore, it is called when true. Ask questions in detail. \[549\] The
word \"Buddha\" in the Uthes of Buddhaset ‚Ç¨‡πç UpakmuÔúõ is said as follows:
The Blessed One, etc., named Buddha, this is the true commandment. The
word noble means the supreme supreme being, the supreme being, the
presiding one, the supreme being, hence the name is the glorious Lord
Buddha. \"Come to watch\" means to watch, come to watch, come to sit
near, ask questions and ask questions. Therefore, it is called \"come\".
Watching the noble Buddha because of that So he spoke the spell. write
this Those brahmins had come to look after the virtuous Lord Buddha, who
had arrived, who had sought him, when he asked about all the problems
Thoroughly came to look at the noble Buddha. \[550\] Those Brahmin
Buddhas asked questions and made their prophecies accordingly. The Lord
Buddha, who was the Muni, gave the Brahmins the joy of prophesying all
the problems.

\[551\] The word tesam in the upheath is tesam buddho phayakasi as
follows: an brahmin who has desires to the shores of 16 people. . The
word buddho is said as follows. The Blessed One, etc., named Buddha,
this is the true commandment. The word prophesied means that those
Brahmin Buddhas Asked about the problem He has foretold, that is, has
spoken... He has proclaimed. Therefore it is called the Lord Buddha,
those brahmins ... have prophesied. \[552\] The word asking questions in
the country haputyo‚Ç¨attha thus means: Asked about the problem offer an
invitation Let him be nervous. The word as it should be. He said as he
should have said, He had shown what He had shown. enacted as he should
have enacted ordained as he should have appointed He revealed as He
should, revealed, He classified as He should. He made it easy as He
should have made easy, He declared as He should have declared, therefore
it is called asking questions \... as it should be. Jaa with forecasts
that all problems mean that by prophesying, that is, by prophesying \...
by proclaiming all problems, therefore it is called by prophesying Find
them all. \[554\] The word rejoicing is said to be rejoicing: Tosesi
brahmane muni. to be satisfied, He made him delighted. The word young
brahmana means young brahmins who reach the shore of 16 people. Wisdom
is wisdom, clear knowledge. Jan said that Mona, in the word muni, etc.,
the Lord Buddha has passed away, which passion is associated with and
desire is like a gala. therefore he is a muni, therefore it is called a
muni Buddha who is gracious to all brahmins. Therefore, he said This
spell Those Brahmin Buddhas had asked the question and made a proper
prediction. Buddha, the Muni He made all the brahmins rejoice by
foretelling all the problems \[555\] those brahmins which the Buddha who
has eyes ethnic of the sun His Highness rejoiced, and he was blessed. In
the office of the Lord Buddha who has great wisdom. \[556\] The word te
in the upheaval te tosita cakkhumta is as follows: a brahmin who
possesses wanting to the 16 people. rejoicing, therefore they are called
those brahmins

The word eyed One means that the Blessed One has eyes with five types of
eyes, that is, he has an eye, even with one eye, even with one eye. with
the eye of wisdom 1, even with the eye of the Buddha 1, even with the
eye of How are you? etc., the Blessed One has eyes Even with such an
eye, therefore they are called those brahmins of the Buddha who have
eyes. His Highness has been pleased. \[557\] The word buddhen in Uthesva
buddhenatichaphandhana is said as follows: The Blessed One, etc., this
name, Buddha, is the true commandment. Phra Suriya said that the sun in
the word Adijhaphanduna is as follows. It\'s a code by descent. Even the
Blessed One is a Gotama Buddha by his clan. The Blessed One is a
relative by clan, a race by clan of Surya. Therefore, the Buddha is
called a race. I of the Sun, therefore it is called that the Buddha \...
is the race of the Sun. Intent to abstain, displeasure, refrain from
doing, refrain from doing. non-traditional cause of killing (with the
Noble Path) The celibacy in upheaval as follows: one more thing The
Noble Eightfold Path, namely sammƒÅ ditthi samma sankappa sama vaca.
Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? Right?
The word \"conducted\" means \"conducted\", \"conducted\"
\"consisting\", \"so it is called \"conducted\". \[559\] The word of the
Lord Buddha who has excellent wisdom, the meaning of the Buddha One who
has great wisdom having excellent wisdom having great wisdom with wisdom
as the chairman have a wealth of wisdom have wisdom The word santike
means in the sanctuary, in the near, in the nearby, in the distant, in
the near, hence the name, in the sect of the Buddha. There is a sublime
wisdom. Therefore, he said this stanza: those brahmins which the Buddha
who has eyes as a race of the sun His Highness rejoiced, and he was
blessed. In the office of the Lord Buddha who has great wisdom. \[560\]
Whoever should practice the Dharma of a problem As the Lord Buddha has
shown, that person goes from coast to coast. \[561\] The word of a
problem means of Ajit a problem. of Tissmetei, a problem, etc., of a
Pingkhiya problem, hence the name of a problem.

\[562\] The word buddhen in Uthew yatha buddhen tesita is as follows:
The Blessed One, etc., named Buddha, this is the true commandment. The
word as the Lord Buddha has shown means that as the Lord Buddha has said
... has been announced, therefore it is called as the Lord Buddha has
shown. Chor. \[563\] The term \"whoever should obey the Dharma\" means
that one should practice the right practices, the proper practice, the
practice is not an enemy. The practice is in accordance with the
benefits. The practice of dharma is suitable for the dharma. Therefore,
it is called that one should abide by the dharma. \[564\] Immortal
Nirvana, the peace of all beings renunciation of all possessions lust
liberation, cessation of desire Finding it as a string, he said that the
shore in the country is Gachhe param aparato as follows. That is not the
shore. The word \"go from coast to coast\" means \"go from coast to
coast\", that is, to attain, to be right, to be making it known to the
shore; therefore, it is said to go from the non-coast to the shore, etc.
this Whoever should practice the Dharma of a problem As the Lord Buddha
has shown, that person goes from coast to coast. \[565\] a person who
develops the path of abundance Let\'s go from the non-coast to the
shore. That way (it is possible) to reach the shore. because of that The
way then said: It is the one that reaches the shore. \[566\] Good
defilements, good Khandha, Good Abhisankhara, he said, that is not the
shore, in the Uthea, Apara, Param, Gatchya, as follows: Amata nibbana.
peace of all renunciation of all possessions cessation of craving,
liberation, cessation of craving find it as a sling wrapped around you,
saying that the shore. The word should go from non-shore to the shore
means From the non-shore to the shore, that is, should be attained,
should be right, should be made known to the shore, therefore it is
called from the non-coast. Go to the shore. \[567\] The eightfold path,
namely sammƒÅditthi, etc., right samƒÅdhi, he said the magga in the word
maka in the uphet, bhavento magkhamuttamam as follows. The word almighty
is the supreme being, being the supreme president, therefore it is
called the supreme path. giving a lot, therefore it is called when
cultivating the path of abundance. \[568\] The word maka (it is
possible) to reach the shore of speech, the path, the path, the path,
the path, the anchasa, the vatamana, the nava, the u. Tatrasetu pakulla
sangama (meaning way in all words). to the shore, to the shore, to the
shore

That is, for crossing over old age and death, therefore it is called the
Path (It is possible) to reach the shore. \[569\] Because of that, the
Path is said to be the land of speech; therefore, because of that.
because of that because of that factor because of that nirvana. Immortal
nirvana, the peace of all beings\...the release of craving is a waiting
machine. Yarat Than said that the shore. He said that Ayana is the place
to reach. The word Iti is a precept. Etc. The word Iti follows the order
of the chapters, hence the name. It is the one that reaches the shore.
because of that So he spoke the spell. write this a person who develops
the path of abundance Let\'s go from the non-coast to the shore. That
way (it is possible) to reach the shore. because of that The way then
said: It is the one that reaches the shore. \[570\] (Phra Pingkiya
asked) I will sing along to the song. The Blessed One, who is without
blemish, has wisdom as broad as the plan of the earth, does not have
sensual pleasures, does not have forests, is a naga. However, what has
been said so?) Why should a person lie? \[571\] The word will drive
according to the singing song means \"will drive the song\", that is,
will drive according to the Dharma He has spoken Drive according to the
Dharma that has been said. I will drive according to the preached
Dharma, therefore it is called I will drive according to the hymn. The
word Iti in the chapter ijjasma ping kiyo, as follows, is the
associative chapter, etc. This Iti chapter follows the order of the
chapters. The word Aysma is said with love. It is said with respect,
this Aysma is said with respect and reverence. The word pinguyo is a
name, a count, a title, a commandment, a rhetoric, a noun, a naming
convention. as the name as a calling language as a machine to appear It
is a request of the Elder. Therefore, it is called Venerable Pingkiya
asked. \[572\] how the Exalted One has seen then that means Whatever the
Blessed One has seen, has spoken, that is, has spoken \... has already
declared that all sankharas are impermanent, etc. Anything One is born
naturally All such things are naturally fading away, so you say how the
Lord Buddha has seen it. Said and said so. \[573\] The word without
blemish in the parlance of wimlo, bharu rimedha, thus: love, hatred,
delusion, anger, anger, and anger, etc., all unfaithful, are unclean.
Those taints, the Enlightened One, has abandoned them, has cut off their
roots. therefore do not have a location as follows

Tan Yod Duan, referring to the absence of not to continue to happen
normally because of that The Blessed One enlightened, unclean, unclean,
unclean, unclean, unclean, unclean, unclean, unclean The land he said,
Puri. The Blessed One consists of wide wisdom Always spread by this land
plan. Wisdom, universal knowledge, all-knowing action, etc.,
non-delusion, decency, right-handedness, he said. Metha. The Blessed One
comes in, comes in, comes in, comes in, comes in, is accompanied by
problems. Ya is this metaphysics. Therefore, the Enlightened One is
called Va. He has wisdom as wide as the land, hence the name. that one
without blemish There is wisdom as wide as the land. \[574\] By
exclaiming that kama, in the precedence of nikkamo, nibbano nago, there
are two kinds of kama: kamma, 1 lust, and so on. said that these erotic
objects, he said, His Highness established the knowledge of erotic
objects. He had abandoned the lust because He had established the
knowledge of sensual objects. because he had abandoned his desires The
Blessed One therefore does not have sexual desires. He does not desire
sensual pleasures, does not love sensual pleasures, does not like
sensual pleasures. Those who are lustful, lustful, lustful, lustful,
lustful; those are called lustful people. have a desire for sensuality
There is a contract with a contract. The Exalted *One is not sexually
active. He does not desire sensual pleasures, does not love sensual
pleasures, does not like sensual pleasures. because of that The Blessed
One, the Enlightened One, has no sensual pleasures, no sensual
pleasures, renounces sensual pleasures, liberates sensual pleasures,
renounces sensual pleasures, is devoid of sensuality, has vanished.
Giving up lust, quitting lust, giving up lust, quitting, quenched,
quenched, cooled, enjoying the blissful One, he is called Mimikhi. The
word no forest means lust, hatred, delusion, anger, attachment, anger,
etc. All unseen forests are forests. The Blessed One, who had already
enlightened, had abandoned it, cut off the root, was torn off, making it
stand like a palm tree, leading to its absence later on. not to continue
to be That is why the Enlightened One is called Va, there is no forest,
no forest, gone, gone, gone. out of the forest All forests have passed,
therefore it is called no forest. He did not do any evil. It is called a
Naga because it does not go into evil. is called a Naga because he does
not come to evil,* etc. It is a Naga because it does not come into this
evil, therefore it is called no eroticism, no forest, a naga. \[575\]
Why is the word in Udeva kissa rata musa bhane as follows: Why? because
of what Because of what factor, therefore, it is called because of what
reason? The word to say a lie, the word to say A false statement is a
lie. Which is not noble. Some people in this world It\'s good to be in
the meeting. It\'s good to be in the company. It\'s good to live among
relatives. It\'s good to live in the royal family. He led as a witness
to ask Come, glorious man Why do you know? Say so. That person, when he
doesn\'t know, says he knows, when he knows, he doesn\'t know. Others
who do not see it say they see it when they see it.

said that he did not see He speaks a lie even though he knows it because
of his own cause or because of others because of his seeing. to little
things in the following ways. He said that Tell a lie. one more thing A
liar has three symptoms: before speaking, a person is known to be lying;
when speaking, I know that I\'m telling a lie When he has spoken and has
spoken a lie, a lie has these three symptoms. A liar has four symptoms,
that is, before speaking, a person knows to tell a lie, etc. A liar has
five symptoms. A liar has six symptoms, a liar has seven symptoms, a
liar has eight symptoms, that is, before Speaks, one knows to lie; when
speaking, he is lied to; when he speaks, he is lied to; he sets up an
opinion. Set aside, set aside, set a promise, set aside. A liar is
characterized by these eight symptoms. A person should speak, should
speak, should show, should prescribe false words. For what reason,
therefore, it is called a lie, for what reason? because of that Phra
Pingkhiya Thera said, \"I will sing along to the hymn, the Blessed One
who is flawless. There is wisdom as wide as the land, no sensual
pleasures, no forests, no nagas. already said so). Why should a person
tell a lie? \[576\] Otherwise, I will give you a word of grace. who has
been defiled and delusional One who renounces selfishness and
negligence. \[577\] The word unclean in the like of pahinmalmohassa is
as follows: lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, all
dishonesty. Be unclean. The word delusion means ignorance, ignorance,
etc., ignorance is like a wedge, delusion, delusion, delusion. He said
that delusion, impurity and delusion. The Enlightened One, abandoned it,
cut off the root. Therefore, there is no location like Tan Yod Duan. to
the absence later not to happen is normal anymore. because of that The
Enlightened One is called Defilement and Delusion; therefore, He is
Defilement and Delusion. 578\] Conviction in the word Mana in the
likeness of Manamakkapphayino, one of the following symptoms is the
sufficiency of the mind. There are two types of self-esteem: one is
self-esteem, one is self-esteem, one is self-esteem, one is self-esteem
Better than him, I am equal to him, I am inferior to him, 1.
Conservatism by the four characteristics, namely, one gives ego for good
fortune, 1 because of rank, 1 because of praise, 1 because of
happiness. 1. Confidence by five symptoms: I am the gainer of the
agreeable one I am the gainer of the favorable one Pleasant Smells 1 I
am the one who tastes pleasing 1 I am the one who touches what is
pleasing ready of the eye 1 because of the

ready ears 1 because of the availability of the nose 1 because of the
readiness of the fingers 1 because of the readiness of the body, 1
because of the readiness of the mind, 1. arrogance by the seven symptoms
of egoism, 1 arrogance, 1 arrogance Contemplate 1 Contempt 1 Contempt 1
Contempt 1 Contemplate 1. Confidence by eight symptoms is a person.
Contemplating one\'s own for one\'s own one\'s for one\'s own for one\'s
honour for one\'s honour for one\'s honour. blasphemy is born from
gossip 1. pride is born from happiness 1. blasphemy is born from
suffering 1. pride is caused by nine symptoms, i.e. We are better than
the good one We are drawn to the good one We are worse than the good one
We are better than the same guy We are the same guy We are worse He who
is equal 1 We are better than the bad guy 1 We are equal to the bad guy
1 We are worse than the bad guy Ten signs are that some people in this
world are conceited. arise because of birth; sometimes because of
descent some because of being a child of the family because of being a
person with some beautiful skin because of some assets because of some
invitation because of the birthplace of some work because of the
birthplace of some arts; because of the foundation of some wisdom
because some education because of some impartiality Because of some
other objects, arrogance, egotism, egotism, egotism, perseverance, like
a reed. as high as a Thongchaimana which is the reason for commendation
having a spirit like a flag This he said that arrogance. defamation
Karma that consists of hardness In this regard, he said that the
negativity in the word Makka is as follows. Blessed One The Enlightened
One has abandoned it. Therefore, there is no location like Tan Yod Duan.
Let the non-existence, not mind, continue to happen because of that The
Enlightened One is called the One who has abandoned his pride. and
humiliation, hence the name He renounces selfishness and negligence.
\[579\] The following words, Handaham, are the precepts, etc. This note
follows the order of the chapters. The word Kittayissami means to
specify, that is, to show ... to proclaim the words, the words, the
words, the words that should be uttered, which go into blessings. Come
in, come in, come in, reach out, come with you, hence the name.
consisting of you. because of that Phra Pingkhiya Thera then said that,
therefore, I will enumerate words of gratitude to the One who is tainted
and delusional. already the one who gave up his ego and negativity
\[580\] The Enlightened One having an eye alleviate Darkness has reached
the end of all worlds, has no taints, has abandoned all suffering and
has a true name. a noble person I was sitting close.

\[581\] The word relieves darkness, in the guise of Tamonuto Buddho,
Samantakkhu, thus, the Blessed One relieves, removes, abandons,
relieves. perish end to the absence of which darkness is lust, hatred,
delusion, mana, ditthi, defilements, defilements, which cause blindness,
which renders no eye. Therefore, having intellect, intelligence rank, is
the side of difficulty. It does not lead to nirvana, therefore it is
called the One who relieves darkness. The word \"Buddho\" means the
Blessed One, etc. This name \"Buddho\" is a commandment. Sapanyutyanana
said that Samatha Eye in the word one who has an eye. etc. because of
that Therefore the Tathagata was called the enlightened having an eye He
relieved the darkness. \[582\] The word world in the upheath is
lokantaku sabhabhavatiwatto, as follows: the world is 1, that is, the
world is the world. The second world is the world of wealth 1. The world
is a disaster 1. The third world is feeling 3. The fourth world is food
4. The 5 world is clinging to aggregates 5. The 6 world is the inner
self 6. The world 7 is Spirituality 7. World 8 is World Dharma 8. World
9 is Sattavas 9. World 10 is defilements 10. World 11 is sensual world
11. World 12 is senses 12. World 18 is Element 18. Word of majesty to
the end of the world, meaning the Exalted One to the end of the world to
the end of the world Etc. has gone to nirvana and has reached nirvana.
The Exalted One has the Dharma. It is the end of life, the death has
gone, etc., there is no pity, there is no old life and death, there is
no new life, therefore it is called His Highness. Four worlds. The word
bhabha in the upheath is sabbhavatiwatto, as follows: two worlds, i.e.
karma-bhavas, one-man-bhavas, which are present in the conception. 1.
What is karma? Punyaphisangkhara Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisangkhan
This is the Karma world. What is the birthplace of fertilization? Forms,
feelings, contracts, sankharas, and spirits that are in the conception
This is the birthplace of fertilization. The Blessed One is
transcendent, transcendent, transcendental, transcendental in
fertilization, therefore it is called The world is transcending all
worlds. \[583\] Asava In the word there is no ashava, in the word Anasvo
sapphadukkhappahino, there are four: kamasava, bhavas, ditthasava,
avijjasava. those ashes Blessed One The Enlightened One has abandoned
it. root is cut off Therefore, there is no location like Tan Yod Duan.
to the absence of After giving Mikee This does not happen any further,
therefore the Enlightened One is called having no taints. All suffering
is birth suffering, old age suffering, pathological suffering, death
suffering, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, suffering,
etc. It has only been conceived. The Blessed One has abandoned it, cut
it off, then suppressed it, preventing it from happening. Burned with
fire is the spirit. because of that The Blessed One, who has attained
the enlightenment, is called to abandon all suffering.

\[584\] The word \"has a real name\" in the word \"Sajuhayo brahmu
pasito me\", thus saying that there is a name like a real name. The
Blessed One is Vipassi, the Blessed One is Sikhi. His Majesty\'s name
was Vessaphu. The Blessed One named from Kusanda Lord Buddha\'s name
Vakonagamon, the Exalted One named Kassapa, the Enlightened One, has the
same name. There is a name like a real name. The Blessed One, Sakyamuni,
had the same name, that is, the same name as those of the Enlightened
One. It is for this reason that the Exalted One, the Enlightened One, is
called that there is a real name The word is noble which I have sat
near, that the Blessed One, I have sat down, has sat near, has asked
questions and has inquired. Therefore, it is called having a real name,
a noble person. which I was sitting near. because of that Phra Pingkhiya
Thera then said that The Exalted One, the Enlightened One, The eye
relieves the darkness He reached the end of the world All beings are
gone, devoid of taints, all sorrows have been abandoned, the true name
is, the noble one sitting near. \[585\] small forest As one should dwell
in a forest with a lot of fruit, so do I. After all, the brahmins with
little wisdom dwelt upon him It is as if the swan resided in a large
pond with a lot of water. Pahai bahuppalam kannavasay as follows. Why do
birds say vadija. Birds are born twice, one born from the mother\'s
womb, born from the pods. one time bubble Because of that. Therefore,
the bird is called Ticha, therefore it is called Ticha. Just as the word
\"a little neglected\" means that the bird has abandoned it. Little
dishes with little food, little food, little water, to meet in the big
forest, which is a tree with many trees and fruit. Just as there was a
lot of food and food to eat elsewhere, it was settled in that forest,
therefore it was called a little orchard. dwelt in a large forest with a
lot of fruit. Dhassepahamahodhihasarivajpatto, thus, it is a metaphor
for reaching completeness only. The word forsaken the brahmins with less
intelligence means pawri brahmins and other brahmins who are Pawree
Brahmin\'s teacher In comparison with the Blessed One, he is a person
with little intelligence, a little bit of wisdom. little intelligence
Low intelligence, filthy intelligence, filthy intelligence. I have
forsaken, passed away, those brahmins. A person with little intelligence
means a little wisdom. little intelligence with low intelligence, with
filthy intelligence, with depraved wisdom, has encountered the
Enlightened One and has wisdom. Yalert has sublime wisdom, wonderful
wisdom, wisdom.

Abundant, supreme, no one, always, always with the Buddha who has no
one. no one compares is an incomparable person being an angel being more
valiant than the people a man of color, a man of a naga, a man of
dignity a brave man A man who leads errands, has ten dharmas, is a
constant, a swan will encounter, a great pool made by humans, an anodat
pool, or an ocean that does not arise. As there are countless waters, I
am a Brahmin named Pingiya, I have found it, the Enlightened Blessed
One. f Countless of those who do not recur, have good intellect, have an
open eye. Then he was wise in the category of wisdom, having
enlightened, having attained the 4th Vesarn Realm, was willing to go for
pure fruitfulness. There is a white Lord There is not a second word, one
who is stable, that vows. He is no less, a great man, a person of deep
morality, an incomparable virtue, a virtue that is very difficult to
fathom. Always with you Consisting of equanimity, six entities,
incomparable, incomparable, incomparable, such a virtue. Teach the
Dhamma that is superior to those who have spoken, for example, the
Sineru mountain is superior to any other mountain. Garuda is superior to
other birds. The color is superior to the general chamruek. The sea is
superior to the general waters, and so is the highest Buddha image.
Therefore, it is called I. After all, the brahmins with little wisdom
dwelt in which He was, as a swan dwelt in a large pool of water,
therefore. Phra Pingkhiya Thera then said that The birds are already
small. dwelt in a large forest with a lot of fruit, so do I. After all,
the brahmins with little wisdom dwelt upon him It is as if the swan
resided in a large pond with a lot of water, therefore. saying that this
story is as follows; the other thing is as follows: that whole word is a
succession; all that word is a machine. Still thinking to prosper.
\[589\] The word ye in upheath means ye me puppe wiyakasu thus means the
Brahmins and other brahmins who are teachers. The prophecy of the
Brahmins, that is, prophesied ... and proclaimed one\'s view, one\'s
decency, one\'s preference, one\'s doctrine, one\'s will. Their
goodwill, therefore, it was called ... in the past ... which of these
teachers had foretold. \[590\] The word other than Gotama\'s religion
means that before Gotama\'s religion was other than Gotama\'s religion.
Before the religion of Phra Gotoma than the religion of the Buddha than
the religion of Phra Shina than the religion of the Tathagata than the
religion of the Arahant, therefore it is called other The teachings of
Phra Gotama. \[591\] The word that this matter exists, therefore, that
this matter has been heard, that this matter has been heard, that This
chakma-e, therefore it is called, this thing already exists, as follows:
\[592\] The word, all the words It is a word that has been said from
generation to generation.

A word that goes on and on is that those masters have told the dharma
that does not exist. to oneself that they did not know As has been heard
in succession, according to textbook references. according to the reason
that you guessed according to the reason that you guessed with caution
according to the symptoms consequently, all the words are spoken from
generation to generation. \[593\] All the words It is a tool for
meditation to develop, meaning that all words It is a tool for
meditating, it is a tool for meditating. It is a tool for the
development of prosperity. It is a tool for lust and vengeance. to
prosper, a tool for the memory of relatives, to prosper It is a tool for
remembrance of the gods to prosper; Respect with compassion for others
Let it grow as a tool for life. restore with good fortune Worship and
praise prosper It is an apparatus of anxiety that is rebellious against
the desire for anyone to despise one\'s self to prosper. Therefore, Phra
Pingkhiya Thera said that in the past (other than the religion of Phra
Gotama), any of these teachers predicted that this matter was Here\'s
what\'s going on, here\'s what\'s going on. All the words are a word
that has been passed down from generation to generation. The idea is to
prosper. \[594\] The Exalted One is the only one. alleviates the
darkness is already seated and has wisdom Yasawang radiating light. Phra
Gotamamee. Wisdom appears. Phra Gotama has wisdom as wide as the land.
The name of the emperor is called the One One, by the ancestor\'s
ancestor, the One One, because of his attitude, he has no two friends.
because of lust because there is no sensuality in one part because there
is no anger in one part Because there is no delusion by one part,
because there is no defilement by one part, because he goes along the
One Way, because he has enlightened by the One and only Anutara. Blessed
One How is the name He alone by part of the ordination? Blessed One
still young have a close hairs It consists of Yaan Charoen located in
the early childhood. when the mother Father is not pleased With the face
of Ngong Yaasuchon, he was mourning, leaving his relatives and *family,
leaving all his worries in the layman\'s possessions. He was worried
about his son and wife. He was worried about his relatives. He cut off
his worries in his friends and paternal grandfathers, laid down his
hair, had a beard massaged, wrapped the robes of a woman, came out of
ordination, gaining access to being a carefree person. He alone travels,
wandering around, changing his posture, taking care of, nourishing, and
healing. Therefore, the Blessed One is called the Only One. of this
ordination. Blessed One His name is the only one because of his meaning.
How do you not have two friends? In this way, the Blessed One, who had*
been enlightened, was in a quiet forest and like a forest, with a small
voice.

without noise without the wind of the passers-by It should be the secret
karma of human beings. It should be a place to avoid. He walked alone
stop being alone sitting alone The King alone entered the house to Alms
sat in the secret place of the Lord alone Praying to His Majesty alone
The Lord alone travels, wanders around, changing postures, taking care
of, maintaining, healing. Therefore, the Blessed One Therefore, it is
called the only one because it has no other purpose. These two things.
Blessed One His name is the only one because of his meaning. How did he
abandon lust? The *Exalted One does not have such a friend. He is
heedless, meditative, has a strong heart. Started to establish the Maha
Phatthan who wielded a Bodhipruek tree. Neranjara River He eliminated
the devil and the Sena, who were A careless race, renounces, relieves,
ends. to the absence of which the lust that spreads until Clinging on
different emotions. A man with lust is a friend who travels forever and
ever and will not compromise with this kind of existence. And there is
something else. A monk who is aware of this punishment Desire is the
birthplace of suffering, and then one should be free from craving, not
clinging to clinging around. Therefore, the Blessed One is called the
Only One because of his enlightenment. Ja He gave up lust like this.
Blessed One His name is the one and only Because there is no sensuality
in one part, how? Blessed One It is called One because it is completely
devoid of sensuality, because it has abandoned it. It is called One.
because there is no anger in one part because he had cast off his wrath
His name is the one and only because there is no ruler by one part
because he was greedy It is called the One because there is no single
defilement, because all defilements have been abandoned. Blessed One How
is the name He alone because he went along the Eternal Path? Mindfulness
-* the four foundations, etc. The eighth monk said that the Ekaya Way.
Blessed One He saw the Dharma as a priest. the end of the nation He was
compassionate and willing to know the Dharma. It\'s the way to go for
one person. Buddhist graduates have crossed before. will cross and cross
over which is void Dharma is that way. Therefore, the Blessed One is
called the Only One because he goes along the Eternal Path in this way.
Samma Samphodhi only one How? Wisdom in the Fourth Path is wisdom,
wisdom, wisdom, physical strength, etc. Wisdom is a manifestation.
Sammaditthi said, Bodhi. All sankharas are impermanent, etc. Whatever
happens naturally, they are all non-existent. The extinction is natural
with that enlightenment.

one more thing Lord Buddha attained enlightenment only enlightenment,
enlightenment, attainable Rightly, it has been made known that all
dharmas that should be enlightened should be understood. Know properly
Specific knowledge ought to be enlightened, enlightened, ought to be
attained, ought to be right, ought to be enlightened. Blessed One It is
called the only One because of the enlightenment of the Anutara, the One
and Only. The word alleviates darkness means that the Blessed One
relieves, renounces, eliminates, brings to an end. to the imperfections
Where darkness is lust, hatred, delusion, mana, ditthi, defilements,
defilements, which cause blindness, which leads to no eye. causing no
intellect, rank of wisdom, facing difficulties, not reaching nirvana. is
already seated at the Pasaka pagoda, hence the name is already seated.
Let\'s see the monk who has reached the shore of suffering. sat on the
side of the mountain. The disciples, who had been enlightened,
renounced, sat wrapped around them. Therefore the Exalted One is already
seated. one more thing The Blessed One was seated because he had already
stopped. All enthusiasm. the Blessed One There is the Dhamma as the
endowment, the living being, the conduct, the conduct, etc. There is no
pity in birth, old age and death, there is no new life, even for any
reason. this fade Therefore the Exalted One is seated, therefore the
Exalted One. He relieved the darkness, was seated. \[596\] The word has
enlightenment in the likeness of chutima so papongkaro, thus means
having wisdom. D means being a sage, wise, enlightened, enlightened,
enlightened, wise, destroying defilements. radiating light, radiating
light, radiating like a lamp high light output radiating light, hence
the name He has bright wisdom, radiating light. \[597\] The word Gotama
has wisdom. It appears that Phra Gotama has wisdom as a manifestation,
wisdom as a manifestation. Wisdom as Thongchai Wisdom as a flag having
wisdom as the director-general There is a very fair choice. There is a
very general choice, a lot of wisdom to consider, with Dharma as a
consideration. There is Dharma as a tool to be clear. He practiced that
dharma, having great wisdom, heavy on wisdom. Leaning on wisdom,
transferring to wisdom, leaning on wisdom, leaning on wisdom, having
great wisdom. The flag is a symbol of the car. Smoke is a manifestation
of fire. The king is a manifestation of the province\'s glasses. Phasada
is a machine. As the wife appears, so is Gotama. There is wisdom as
broad as that of the earth plan... so great wisdom.

Hence the name that Phra Gotama has broad wisdom as if the land
appeared. \[598\] Land, he said that the monks in Uthes said that Gotamo
Phuraermthaso was as follows. Phra Gotama possessed wisdom. full of
happiness Always wide with plans, soil, wisdom, knowledge, knowledge,
etc., non-delusion, dharma, right-mindedness, he said, Medha. . The
Blessed One comes in, comes in, comes in, comes in, comes in, comes in,
is ready. this event because of that The Blessed One, who has attained
enlightenment, is known as having wisdom as wide as the land; therefore,
he is called the Gotama Buddha. The vastness of the land is as wide as
the land. because of that Phra Pingkhiya Thera then said that the
Blessed One He alone relieves the darkness. is already seated and has
wisdom Yasawang radiating light. Phra Gotamamee. Wisdom appears. Phra
Gotama has wisdom as wide as the land. has preached the Dharma The
Dharma one should see for himself, does not consist of time. It is the
end of lust that has no danger to the self. Nirvana does not have a
parable anywhere. \[600\] The word yo in upheath is yo me dhamma desesi
as follows: the Blessed One Being a Buddha, having no teacher, knows all
the truths himself. in all the dharmas that have never been heard before
He has attained omniscience in those dharmas. and has reached the
expertise in all virtues. The word dhammam in the euphemism of dhamma
desesi thus means that the Blessed One has proclaimed \... has
proclaimed the virtuous virtues of the former. N Beautiful in the
middle, beautiful in the end, complete with both the meaning, the
consonants, the absolute purity and the foundation of mindfulness, etc.
The Noble Eightfold Path has nirvana and the path leading to nirvana,
therefore it is called the Buddha. The Blessed One has preached the
Dharma \... to Atma. One should see for himself, not consisting of the
time of the Dharma. see for yourself It does not consist of tenses,
should be called to see, should be brought in. the wise people should
know oneself only for this reason it is called Ana Dharma, one should
see for himself, does not consist of time. one more thing Whoever
develops the Noble Eightfold Path in this life will attain and be
rewarded. of that path in succession There are no other tenses. Even for
this reason, it is called the Dhammajaree that one should see for
himself. does not consist of tenses. Humans have not yet invested their
assets at the proper time. Just as the results of times are still to
wait for time, so this dharma cannot be. Whoever attains the Eightfold
Path in this life, he attains, attains, and attains the fruit of that
Path in succession. There are no other tenses. Can\'t be in the next
world, can\'t be in the Hereafter, hence the name is not composed of
tenses. hence the name human nature can\'t see for yourself Consisting
of the times.

\[602\] Formation of craving, Sattanaha, Gandha-tanha, Ratanha,
Touchab-tanha, Dharma-tanha, named as tanha in Udeva,
Tanhakhakhayamanitika, as follows. is the end of lust is the end of
sensuality It\'s the end of anger, it\'s the end of delusion, it\'s the
end. is the end is completely fertilized is the end of the world is pity
It is the end of the cycle of desires, khandhas, and Apisankharas. He
said that danger in the word Anitika is as follows. It is a place,
peace, relinquishment, cessation of danger, immortality, nirvana,
therefore it is called the end of passion. Dangerous. \[603\] The word
yassa in the Udeva yassa natthi parable kvaci is as follows: nirvana.
The word no analogy means no analogy, no analogy. There is always
nothing, nothing, incomparable, unseen, unseen. The word anywhere means
anywhere, somewhere, somewhere, inside, outside, or both internally and
outside, therefore it is called nirvana, there is no metaphor anywhere.
Phra Pingkhiya Thera then said that The Blessed One has preached the
Dharma. Dharma, one should see for himself, does not consist of time. is
the end of passion which is harmless to the self. Nirvana does not exist
anywhere else. \[604\] Lord Bingiya, you live without the Lord Buddha.
which has wisdom as a manifestation having great wisdom The land, even
for a moment? \[605\] The word ... lies without that Lord ... or means,
lies without, that is, to leave, to go without the Lord Buddha. Is that,
or is it, therefore it is said that you live without that Lord Buddha?
\[606\] The word Dukor Bingiya ... even a moment means even a moment, a
moment, a break, one part, one day, therefore it is called even a
moment. Pawari Brahmin called the Elder Grandson. that is called
Pingiya. \[607\] The word \"Godama\" who has wisdom as a manifestation
means \"Godma who has wisdom\". as a display device There is a machine
that appears. Wisdom is like a flag Wisdom as a flag, wise, as a
director-general, highly selective. There is a very general selection.
much with wisdom as a consideration, with dharma as a consideration, and
with dharma as a clear His conduct in the Dharma was very wise, weighed
down with wisdom. Leaning on wisdom, transferring to wisdom, leaning on
wisdom, leaning on wisdom, having great wisdom, therefore it is called
The code which is manifested by wisdom. \[608\] The land he said that
Puri in the Uthea was that Gotama Phurimedhasa as follows. Always wide
with the land. Wisdom, knowledge, knowledge, behavior, etc.,
non-delusion, choosing Dharma, Sammaditthi, he said: Medha. The Blessed
One enters to come along, to come in, to come in, to come in, to reach
out, to be ready, to contain wisdom as this metaphysics, because

Therefore the Blessed One, who has enlightened, is known as Vaa, who
possesses wisdom as wide as the land; Wisdom is as wide as the plan of
the soil. Because of that Then the Brahmin Pawri said, \"Dokorn Bingiya,
you live without the Lord Buddha. which has wisdom as a manifestation
Wisdom as wide as the land Even for a moment, right? \[609\] The Blessed
One has preached the Dharma that one should see for himself, not
composed of time. is the end of passion which is harmless to you.
Nirvana, there is no parable anywhere. \[610\] The word yo in upheath is
yo te dhammadasesi, thus meaning that the Blessed One, etc., has reached
Being omniscient in that Dharma and he has reached the mastery of all
powers. The word thammam in the euphemism of yo me dhammadassesi is as
follows: The Blessed One has spoken. Tell... He has declared the Virgin
the beauty in the beginning, etc., and the practice leading to nirvana
Therefore, it is called the Blessed One. His Highness has shown the
Dharma...to you. \[611\] The word of dharma A person should see for
himself, does not consist of a time that is Dharma-Ri. \* A person
should see for himself \... that every wise person should know for
himself For this reason, as follows, it is called a Dharma-dharma that a
person should see for himself. does not consist of tenses. one more
thing Whoever develops the Noble Eightfold Path in this life does not
consist of tenses. Human beings invest their wealth at the right time
... cannot be in the hereafter. Therefore, it is called that it does not
consist of tenses, therefore it is called dharma that one should see for
himself, not composed of tense. \[612\] Lust \... Dharma tanha is called
tanha in the sense of tanhakhakhamanitikham as follows. Desires and
Abhisankhara, he said that the danger in the chapter of Anitika is as
follows. It is one place ... it is immortal nirvana, therefore it is
called a place. end of passion No danger. \[613\] The word yassa in the
Udeva yassa natthi parable kvaci is as follows: nirvana. The word
without analogy means that there is no likeness \... is not seen. The
word anywhere means anywhere \... or both internally and externally.
Therefore, it is called nirvana. Wherever there is a parable. because of
that Pawari Brahmin said: The Blessed One has preached the Dharma.
Dharma, one should see for himself, does not consist of time. is the end
of passion which is harmless to you. Nirvana does not exist anywhere
else. \[614\] Brahmins, I do not live without the Lord Buddha.

that the Gotama, who has wisdom It is a manifestation of wisdom as wide
as the land. Even for a moment. \[615\] The word ego does not exist
without the Lord Buddha means that I do not exist, that is, does not go
away, does not go away, does not go away. From that Lord Buddha,
therefore it is called that I do not exist without that Buddha. \[616\]
The word Brahmin ... even a moment means even a moment, a moment, a
break, a part of a day, hence the name even a teacher. Phra Pingkhiya
Thera called Pawari Brahman an uncle with respect that he was a Brahmin.
\[617\] Words that the Gotama, whose wisdom appears, means that the
Gotama who has wisdom as a manifestation \... with great wisdom,
therefore it is called a wise man as a manifestation. Yava Buri in the
words of Gotama Phurimedha as follows. Phra Gotama is composed of the
wisdom that is always wide and wide. until the soil. Wisdom, knowledge,
knowledge, etc., non-delusion, discrimination, right-handedness, he
said, Medha. The Blessed One enters ... composes of wisdom as a means,
therefore the Enlightened One. Therefore it is called Wisdom. As wide as
the land, hence the name Gotama who has wisdom as wide as the land.
because of that Phra Pingkhiya Thera then said that the Brahmins did not
live without the Gotama Buddha. which has wisdom as a manifestation have
broad wisdom Like the land, even for a moment. \[619\] The Blessed One
has preached the Dharma that one should see for himself, not composed of
time. is the end of passion which is harmless to the self. Nirvana does
not exist anywhere else. \[620\] The word yo in upheath is yo me dhamma
desesi as follows: the Blessed One He is the Supreme Being ... and has
reached the mastery of all powers. The word dhammam in the euphemism of
dhammathesesi follows: that the Blessed One has proclaimed ... He has
declared the virtuous life. beautiful in the beginning \... and the
practice leading to nirvana. Therefore, it is called that the Lord
Buddha has shown the Dharma to the Atma. \[621\] The word of dharma A
person should see for himself, does not consist of a time that is
Dharma-Ri. \*A person should see for himself \... that all wise people
should know for himself for this reason. does not consist of tenses. one
more thing Whoever develops the Noble Eightfold Path in this life does
not consist of tenses. Human beings invest their wealth at the right
time ... cannot be in the hereafter. For this reason,

The name is not made up of time, therefore it is called the Dharma one
should see for oneself, not made up of time. The word
TanhakhakhayƒÅmƒ´tika means the end of craving ... the end of life.
defilements, khandha, and Abhisankhara, he said that the danger in the
chapter of Anitika is as follows. end of passion No danger. \[623\] The
word Yassa in Upadeva, Natthi, parable, kvaci is as follows: Nirvana.
The word no metaphor means no metaphor ... is not seen. The word
anywhere means where ... or both internally and externally. That is why
it is called nirvana, there is no parable anywhere. Therefore, Phra
Pingkhiya Thera said, The Blessed One has preached the Dharma. Dharma, a
person should see for himself, does not consist of time. It is the end
of lust that has no danger to the self. Nirvana does not exist anywhere
else. \[624\] Brahmins, I see that Lord Buddha with my heart, as I see
with the eye. I am heedless. all night and day Worshiping all night and
day. Atmaya is important, that is not living without the Buddha. \[625\]
The word Atma sees that Lord Buddha with the heart, as with the eye,
meaning that a man with eyes should see, behold. Behold, look, look,
look, look, consider, as I see, look, behold, look, behold, look, look,
consider, the Blessed One, the Enlightened One. I\'m the same.
Therefore, it is called that I see that Lord Buddha with my heart. It\'s
like agreeing with the eye. \[626\] The word Brahmin \... is a careless
person. Throughout the night and day, when the ego is trained by the
heart He is known as the one who cares all night and day. Therefore, he
is called a Brahmin \... He is heedless all night and day. \[627\] The
word worship is in the state of namsamano visamiratti, which means to
worship, worship, respect, venerate, worship with a certain body. some
with some words, some with the mind, some with some benefit. By
practicing the Dharma that is worthy of a certain Dharma, that is,
restraining all night and day, therefore it is called worshiping all
night and day. \[628\] The short term for not being without the Lord
Buddha means that when I grow with Buddhanussati Therefore, it is
important that the Buddha He is the one who is absent, that is, the one
who is absent, that is, I know, knows, knows, knows, knows, hence the
name. that the Atmaya is important to not living without the Buddha.
because of that Phra Pingkhiya Thera said:

Brahmins, I see that Lord Buddha with my heart, as with my eye. I am no
longer careless. all night and day Worshiping all night and day. The ego
is important for not living without the Buddha. \[629\] These dharmas,
namely faith, joy, and mindfulness, do not disappear from Gotama\'s
religion. Phra Gotama who had wide wisdom blocking like the land will go
to any direction That ego is the person who succumb to that direction.
\[630\] Belief, trust, determination, great devotion, faith, trust,
faith that honors the Blessed One is called Belief in the precepts of
sadha pitimano sati e. The higher-minded, the clearer the mind, the more
revered the Blessed One\'s name is Piti. The soul, the soul Recalling
the Blessed One is called Mano. Remembrance, etc., the right
remembrance; reverend to the Blessed One is called Mindfulness.
Therefore, it is called Faith, Joy, and Mindfulness. \[631\] These four
things do not disappear from the religion of Gotama, these four things
do not disappear, do not disappear, do not go away. not perish from the
religion of the Gotama, that is, from the religion of the Buddha
Religion of Phra Chinchao Religion of the Tathagata, Religion of
*Arahants, therefore it is called Dharma. It did not disappear from the
religion of Phra Gotama. \[632\] The word to go to any direction in the
propaganda is yam yam disam vijjati bhuripho, this means that Gotama is
going, going, going, going. go on To the east, west, south or north. The
word purip vo is wise, as broad as the land, with great wisdom, wit,
sagacity, sagacity, Nyajara is joyful, has quick wisdom, has wisdom to
destroy defilements, hence the name Phra Gotama has wisdom as wide as
the land. He goes to any direction. \[633\] That ego is the one who bows
in that direction, that\'s what the ego is the one who bows in that
direction. dwelling there, that is, one whose heart leans in that
direction have the mind transferred in that direction with a mind swayed
in that direction willing to go in that direction having that direction
as the chief; therefore, it is called that Atma is the one who bows in
that direction* . That these dharmas, namely faith, joy, and
mindfulness, will not disappear from the religion of Gotama. Phra Gotama
who has wide wisdom blocking like the land will go to any direction That
ego is great

one who bows down in that direction. \[634\] The body of the old Atma
with imperious strength, did not go to the court where the Lord Buddha
resided there. but the Atma Chom is Nitin with the intention of Brahmin,
this is the mind of Atma. It consists of the direction in which it is
located. \[635\] The word aged in the word Chinnassa me dupphaphon asks
Kassa as follows: An aged person is a person. Great, gone, gone through
dangers in sequence. Therefore, it is called an old man. A weak ray, a
little strong ray, hence the name of the old ego. There is a strong
force. \[636\] The word body \... did not go to the court where the Lord
Buddha was, it means that the body did not go, that is, not going
forward, not going. to did not get close to the place where the Buddha
resides, therefore it is called the body \[637\] The word means to ever
reach with intent; means to go, to be near with the intention of with
regards to by intuition with wisdom By going with knowledge, therefore
it is said to reach everlasting by desire. Na manindra, the soul, the
khandha, the mind-soul element that is born of the khandha is called
Mana in the sense of Manohi me brahman ten yutto as follows. The word
Brahmin ... is composed of the direction that is seated, meaning that
the mind of the ego is well composed with the direction that the Buddha
he dwells there, hence the name Brahmin. Because of that, Phra- \*Ping
Kit Thera said that The body of the old ego strong probably didn\'t go
in The office where the Buddha resides there. but the Atma Chom is Nitin
with the intention of Brahmin, this is the mind of Atma. It is composed
of the directions that are stamped on it. \[639\] I lay struggling in
the mud. has gone to refuge, but after seeing the Lord Buddha who has
crossed over the void, has no taint. \[640\] The word lies in the
Okatam, in the upheaval panke sayano paripandamano, thus: laying up and
down in the pit is kamma, in the pit is kamma, in defilement is kama, in
the Badd. that is, eroticism, in lust because of sensuality In anxiety
because of sensual pleasures, therefore, it is called sleeping in the
husks.

The word struggling means struggling. striving for lust with struggle
because of views, with struggle because of desires with a struggle
because of the sentence with the struggle of wickedness, with the
struggle of corruption Desire and struggling because of sensuality
offended and struggling because of anger; lost and struggling because of
delusion Mana is bound and struggling because of Mana. Holding on and
struggling because of your view Even though there is no agreement and
struggle because of Wikikicha going with vigor and struggling because of
monuments struggling because of fortune Because of defilement, because
of rank, because of disgrace, because of gossip, because of praise,
because of happiness, because of suffering, struggling because of birth,
old age, pathology, death, soka, parideva, suffering, sorrow and upayas,
striving for suffering in hell, suffering in the birth of the beast.
Suffering in the vision, struggling, struggling, trembling, quaking,
quaking because of human suffering. Suffering is a step towards becoming
pregnant as a cause. Suffering is inherent in *pregnancy as the cause.
Suffering is the cause of discharge from the pregnancy. Suffering from
born animals continual suffering but the other person of the beast who
was born suffering because of their efforts Suffering for the efforts of
others, suffering for suffering, suffering for pity, suffering for
variance. Suffering from a disease in the eye, suffering from a disease
in the ear, suffering from a disease in the nose. suffering from tongue
disease Suffering from disease in the body Suffering from a disease in
the head Suffering from an ear disease suffering from oral disease
Suffering because of dental disease, because of cough, because of
asthma, because of looking crotch. because of heat illness, because of
sickness; thinness; because of abdominal disease; because of sickness;*
asphyxiation; because of red disease. because of colic because of
stomach disease Because of leprosy, because of pox, because of eczema,
because of eye disease. because of epilepsy because of scabies Because
of scabies, because of itching, because of eczema because of yaws
because of lactose intolerance, because the disease is good, because of
diabetes Because of hemorrhoids, because of gland diseases, because of
panic disorder, because of sickness. because the sickness had sputum as
a base because of the affliction with the wind as a premise; because of
the affliction that arises from the good and the beginning of the
meeting because the sickness comes from the seasons. because of the
anger caused by the rotation Irregular movements because the affliction
was caused by too much perseverance. Because of anger, because of karma,
because of heat, because of cold, because of hunger, because of thirst,
because of faeces, because of urination, because of flies, mosquitoes,
wind, sun, and the touch of crawling beasts. Suffering from the death of
the mother Suffering for the death of the father, suffering for the
death of a brother. Suffering because of the death of a sister Suffering
from the death of a child Suffering because of the death of a daughter,
suffering because of the calamity of relatives. Suffering because of
spoiled wealth Suffering for the calamity of sickness; Suffering for the
calamity of morality Suffering because of the calamity of view,
therefore it is called striving in the mud. to pass away, that is, to
pass away to a prophet One who preaches the Dharma, but the one who
teaches the Dharma goes to the group, the ditthi but the ditthi, the
path but the path, hence the name has passed. To rely on but rely on.
\[642\] The word ot in the words atta sali sambuddha, as follows, is a
constituent chapter. Atthadasatsu means having experienced, seen and
stabbed.

The word \"Buddha\" means that the Blessed One, etc. The word \"Buddho\"
is a *commandment. Therefore, it is later named after seeing. Buddha
image. \[643\] The word one who has crossed is void. The deceit is
passed by Kam-Okha Bhava-Okha Ditthi-Okha Avijja-Okha* . Having done
conduct, etc., there is no compassion for birth, aging and death. no
more worlds Therefore, he is called the one who has crossed over the
void. The word without taints means that the four taints are kamasava,
bhavasava, ditthasava, avijjasava. Those taints are the Enlightened
Blessed One. f His Highness gave up and cut off the roots and made it
stand like a palm stump. ordinary work because of that Therefore, the
Buddha is said to have no taints, hence the name has crossed the void.
Because of that, Phra Pingkhiya Thera said: I lay struggling in the mud.
and have gone to a place of refuge After seeing the monks The Buddha who
has crossed the void and has no waste. \[644\] Vakli is good. Rawudha is
good, Alavikotama is good. released faith Just as you also let your
faith go. Look at Bingkiya, you will reach the shore of Dharma as the
place of death. \[645\] \] The word Phra Wakkali is good. Phra
Phatrawutha is good. Alavikotma is good Just as a person who has let go
of faith means that Vakli has faith that has been let go. He is heavy in
faith, has faith as his leader. persevere with faith have great faith As
he has attained Arahatship He is heavy in faith, has faith as his
leader, is willing to go with faith. have great faith Just as he has
attained Arahatship. Therefore, it is called Phra Vakali. Just as Ravana
is good as a person who has released faith \[646\] Even so, you may
release your faith. Likewise, let it be, that is, let it go, let it go.
bow down to establish the belief that all sankharas are impermanent,
etc. Something has a natural occurrence, all things So so too is the
natural extinction, therefore it is called that even so you let your
faith go. \[647\] Desires are good. The dharma is the location of the
masses in the state, va khamissasi (tva) pingkhiya macjuthaysara param,
thus immortal nibana. all peace renunciation of all possessions lust
liberation, cessation, release from craving as a garter, he said that
the shore of Dharma is the place of death. The word Dukor Ping Kiya, you
will reach the shore. The Dharma is the location of the power, which
means that you will reach, that is, to reach, to be right, to reveal the
shore, therefore it is called Dukara. Inkiya, you will reach the shore
of the Dharma, the site of death. because of that

The Blessed One then said: Phra Wakkali is good. Phraphatrawut is good.
Alavidotma is good, a person who has released faith. Just as thou shalt
release faith in the same way, look at Bingkiya, thou shalt reach the
shore of Dharma as the place of death. \[648\] this me having heard the
words of the Muni \[649\] The word I ... is highly regarded as I am very
skeptical, docile, docile, so that all sankharas are impermanent, etc.
Whatever happens, is Normal, all things There is a natural extinction.
hence the name This I ... is very worthy. \[650\] Wisdom, wisdom,
knowledge all around. He said Mona in the word muni in upheath as Sutvan
munino vajo, etc. The Blessed One has professed that the Dharma is
related, and the desire is like a network, hence the name word, the
muni. The words of Phra Muni mean listening, listening, studying,
remembering, having entered into the precepts of His Majesty\'s
preaching and teachings, therefore it is called The words of Phra Muni.
\[651\] There are five types of shingles, namely: lust, ditthi,
defilement, corruption, ignorance, the name of the shingled ware, in
Udeva, viitchato sambuddho, as follows. those shingles which the Blessed
One, the Enlightened One and opened it, and then withdrawn Abandoned,
cut off, calmed, stopped, preventing it from happening. Burned with fire
is the spirit. because of that Hence the name of the Buddha that has
opened the roof. The word Buddha means the Blessed One, etc. The name
Buddha is the Sacchika, the Law, therefore it is called the Lord Buddha
has a roof. Opened. \[652\] Sensation, hatred, delusion, anger,
attachment, anger, etc., all akusalaphisankhara is the foundation in the
word without a root in the word achilo patiphanava, as follows. Then,
the Enlightened One has abandoned it and cut it off. torn and thus there
is no location like Tan Yod, so that later there is no to have a normal
occurrence because of that therefore the name of the Buddha that there
is no principle There are three classes of people who are enlightened in
the word supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme supreme
supreme supreme supreme enlightened person. why? The Buddha\'s words are
sutta keiya, veyakara, kata, ejaculate, itivuttaka, jataka, upbhuta
dharma, vedalla, which some people in this religion have learned.

A person\'s intelligence is evident because it is based on rationality.
This person\'s name is There is impartiality in the rules. Why is one
who has insight? Some people in this religion are interrogators of
meaning, in the way, in the cause, in the position and in the position.
A person\'s intelligence is clear because it relies on ignorance. This
person\'s name is There is wisdom in the enlightenment. Why is a person
who is prudent in the almighty? Some people in this religion have
attained the Four Foundations of Mindfulness, the 4 Righteousness, the 4
Virtues, the 5 Strengths, the 5 Bojjagaga, the 7 Noble Path, the Eight
Noble Path, the Four Noble Paths. Yphol 4 Patisampida 4 Apinya 6. That
person has already realized the meaning. Dharma already knows Niruti
knows it. When he knows its meaning, it becomes clear; when he knows
Dharma, it reveals it; when Ranuchiruti, Niruti is clear. Chong. Wisdom
in these three positions is enlightenment. The Blessed One arrives,
arrives, arrives, arrives, arrives, reaches, completes. Because of that,
the Buddha is called virtuous. There is no extinction, there is no
superstition, how can a person\'s intelligence be clear? Therefore, the
Buddha- \*SamBuddha is said to have no Therefore, Phra Pingkhiya Thera
said that I heard the Muni\'s words and it became very clear. There is
no basis for being an intelligent person. \[653\] The Blessed One He has
learned all the dharmas which have made him a god. Each other is a noble
one. The Master made the most of all problems known to those who had
doubts. \[654\] The word deity in the upheath is adhideve abhiya, as
follows: 3 classes of deities, namely, Supatithep, 1 Uppattithep, 1
Wisutthep, and 1. Assuming the Deva. why? Good King, good King, Good
Goddess The gods of Jatum Maha Rashika are good. The Dawdueng deities
are good, etc. The deities that are counted among the Brahma are good.
Higher angels are good. These deities, you say, Uppatti Devi. Why is
Visutthithep? The Tathagata, the Arahant Khinasop and Phra Pakkek
Buddha. These gods, he said, Vishudhithep. The Exalted One knows, that
is, He knows, He has compared. has considered His Highness has already
informed made it appear which is assuming that the deity is Athithep,
which Upattithep is Athithep, which Visutthep is Athithep. Therefore, it
is known that All gods. \[655\] The word He knows all dharmas. to make
Him and others to be noble, meaning that the Exalted One knows, that is,
He is fully aware. has been correct He stabbed all the time, which

all the dharmas that made Him and others to be gods. What are all the
dharmas that made him a god? Right practice, proper conduct, should not
act as an enemy. Dharma practice is suitable for dharma. The
perfectionist of the precepts, the protector of the anal in the
organics. Modest knowledge in nutrition, perseverance in awakening,
awareness, mindfulness, the four foundations of mindfulness, etc., the
Noble Eightfold Path, he said. say Dharma that made him a god. What is
the dharma that makes others become gods? Righteousness, etc., the Noble
Eightfold Path, he said. Dharma that makes others become gods. The
Blessed One knows, that is, He knows all, He is right, He has stabbed
all the time. which all the dharmas that have done him and others to
become gods in this way. others to be noble. \[656\] The saying that the
Master made the most of all problems, that the Blessed One His Highness
made the most His Highness made the final round. He made the
determination, He put an end to their problems. Brahmins who seek dharma
to the problem side of the Brahmins, the problem of Pingkhiya Brahmins
Thao Sakka\'s problem human problems Monk\'s problem Nun\'s problem The
problem of worshipers Upasika\'s problem King\'s problem King\'s problem
The problem of the Brahman, the problem of the sex, the problem of the
Sura, the problem of the Brahma. All questions, the word Master is the
Blessed One who leads them. Lord Mu will lead them through the
wilderness, that is, through the wilderness, the bandits, the other wild
beasts. Famine is where there is no water. to reach a safe place, as the
Blessed One leads them He leads all beings to cross the wilderness, that
is, through birth, old age, pathology, death, soka, parideva, suffering,
sorrow, and upayas, and the wilderness is lust, dosa, moha, mana ditthi.
Desires and corruption, and the place of evil is lust, hatred, greed,
greed, mischief So, so too is the place which is a safe place. For this
reason, the Blessed One is called the leader. one more thing The Blessed
One is the one who guides and advises them to know how to look after the
page and to be respected even for this reason as follows: The Blessed
One is called a group of people. The Blessed One has brought the unborn,
the unborn, the good, the unborn, the unbelievable, the unbelievable,
the unbelievable, the known. He is wise in the path. That\'s right now
The disciples are followers of the Path. as a constituent later, even
for this reason, as follows: the Blessed One is called a leader;
therefore, it is called the Master, the Doer. The end of all problems.
\[657\] To those who have doubts to know, people who have had doubts,
have lost their doubts. There has been a deliberate a person who has
lost his mind have a second heart

is the second breather There is already doubt. He was cleared of
suspicion, had come to lust, was free of lust, had gone, was free from
anger, had hatred, had had been free of delusion. go I already have
passion He is free from defilements, therefore it is known to those who
have doubts. because of that Phra Pingkhiya Thera then said that Blessed
One His Highness already knew the Dharma that made him a god. He knows
all dharmas. which made him and others to be glorious. to those who have
doubts to know. \[658\] Nirvana of anything which cannot be taken, does
not begin, there is no parable anywhere. (AnupƒÅdisesa nirvana) indeed.
The doubt about nirvana is not for me. please remember me as one who has
a mind like this. \[659\] Immortal Nirvana, peace of all The
renunciation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, the
liberation of passion, the cessation of craving is a waiting tool. Yarat
said that Nirvana, which is impossible to lead, is said to be \'asamhira
asangkuppanna\'. Anger, anger, arrogance, negligence, negligence, envy,
stinginess, deceit, arrogance, stubbornness, arrogance, arrogance,
contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all passions, corruption. all All
anxiety, all passion, all impotence, all impermanence, are qualities
that are eternal, sustainable, stable, and naturally immutable.
Therefore, what is it called? Impossible to lead. Immortal nirvana.
Peace of all beings. renunciation of all possessions lust liberation,
cessation of desire If it is a string, you say that nirvana does not
arise in the word Asankuppanna, as follows. The decline of nirvana does
not really exist. Nirvana is a quality of existence that is permanent,
stable, stable, not subject to change, hence the name. What is
impossible, does not start, does not start. \[660\] The word yassa in
upades is yassanthi, parable, kvaci, as follows: nibbana, the word No
parable means no parable, no analogy. There is always nothing, nothing,
incomparable, unseen, unseen; therefore, there is no metaphor. that is
internal, external, or both internally and externally, hence the name
nirvana, there is no metaphor anywhere. \[661\] will come to know in
real terms addha khamissamin mettha kangkha as follows:

to reach is to achieve right Therefore, it is said to be truly known.
The word suspicion in nirvana does not apply to me; doubt, hesitation,
uncertainty, doubt. There is no nirvana in nirvana, that is, to appear,
not to be seen. That doubt I have abandoned, cut off, calmed, settled,
prevents it from arising. Burned by the fire is knowledge, therefore it
is called that I will attain it. Doubt about that nirvana is not with
me. \[662\] The words, Lord, remember me \... thus, in the likeness of
awam ma tharehi athimuttacitta, thus saying: Lord, ordained me like
this. The word inferior in mind means one who leans into nirvana.
transferred to nirvana, to nirvana, to nirvana, to the mind, to nirvana,
therefore it is called have a mind like this because of that Phra
Pingkhiya Thera then said that Any nirvana is impossible to lead, does
not begin, there is no parable anywhere. (AnupƒÅdisesa nirvana) indeed.
The doubt about nirvana is not for me. please remember me that he is a
person with an inferior mind Then like this. The end of Paraiyana
paragraph. ------------- Khakkavisan Suttanittes On traveling alone
\[663\] Phra Paceka Buddhaja said that A person has placed a crime on
all beings. not harassing animals even any one of them Not wishing for
children, wishing for companions, should travel alone. So like a
rhinoceros horn. \[664\] The word all in the upheath is sabbesu bhutesu
nidhaya danda, this means that all, by all means, there is nothing left,
there is no remainder. The word \"all\" is a collective expression. all
the beasts who were startled Both the steadfast, he said that animals in
the word Bhu Tesu are as follows. and none of these beings can not let
go of their fear and cowardice. Those animals are called starters. Why
do you say that those who startle? terrified and terrified, for that
reason he uttered who flinched. Any animal that has abandoned its lust
and Abandoning fear and lack Those animals are called stable people. Why
do you say that they are stable? They do not flinch, do not panic, do
not panic. not to the horror because of that He therefore said that the
stable person.

There are three types of crimes: bodily crimes, verbal crimes, and
mental crimes and bodily crimes. 4 like a name Verbal crimes. Three
kinds of dishonesty are called mental crimes. The word is to place a
crime on all beings. It means to put aside, abandon, and to suspend the
crime of all beings. Therefore, it is called. Placing a crime on all
animals. \[665\] The word not to oppress those animals. not even any one
who is oppressive animals, even one person, with slack, with lumps of
soil, with logs, with scabs, or with wounds, harassing all beasts with
the palm \... or the rope, therefore it is called not encroaching. any
one of those beasts. \[666\] Vocabulary in Wanputtami is a negative
word. The four classes of children are: children born to oneself,
children born within one region, one given by one, and one who resides
in the first place called sons. comfortable, comfortable sitting,
comfortable sleeping, comfortable talking comfortable conversation
Conversing comfortably with any of those people, he said that he was
comfortable in the word salaam. The word undesirable. No matter what
friend you will desire, it is not desirable, not pleased, not willing to
love anyone, dislikes a child. Who likes people who are not terrific?
friends seen A friend who has been in a relationship or a friend,
therefore, is called undesirable. Where would a son desire a friend?
\[667\] The word alone in the upheath is Eko Jarae khakkavisanakappo
thus means that the Paccekasum Buddha is called the only one by The
ancestor\'s ancestor is called one because he has no two friends,
because he neglects his desires. because there is no sensuality in one
part because there is no anger in one part, because there is no
defilement in one part, because there is no defilement in one Excellent
performance alone. How is the Paccekasum Buddha called the one person
through ordination? Pacceka - the *Buddha cut worries in the secular cut
off worries about children and wives Worrying in relatives, worrying in
wealth, hair and mustaches have been cut. occupy the cloth ordained as a
monk, gaining access to a person who has no worries He is alone,
traveling around, walking, resting, healing, nourishing, healing. ordain
like this The Paccekasum Buddha is called the only one because of his
worthlessness. How do you have two friends? Buddha* \_ When ordained
like this One who lives alone, living in tranquility, forests and
forests, low noise, no noise, no wind, but passers-by are worthy of
humanity\'s secret karma. It should be avoided. The Paccekasum Buddha
walked alone, stood alone, sat alone, slept alone, entered the house
alone for alms, returned alone, sat alone in a secret place. pray

be alone He is alone, traveling around, walking, resting, healing,
nourishing, healing. Therefore, the Paccekasum Buddha is called alone
because he is not. There are two friends like these. How is the
Paccekasama Buddha named Alone because of the meaning of liberation of
craving? Phra Pacceka- \*The Buddha Alone, no one is a friend like this.
He is heedless, ardent, sends his mind away, begins to set up great
perseverance, sets up devils and demons that do not let beasts away from
power. belonging to those who are negligent, neglect, alleviate, bring
to an end to the absence of in which lustful desires wander and vanish
in different moods. A man with lust as a friend Traveling forever and
ever, never lose sight of pity. which is like this and has something
else. A mindful monk Knowing this blame and lust is the birthplace.
already suffering One should be free from lust, not clinging, except
around. The Pacceka-Buddha is called the one who renounces this craving.
How is the Pakcekasama Buddha called the One person because he is
completely devoid of sensuality? The Paccekasam Buddha name alone
because you are completely free from lust, because you have lost your
lust; you are called one because you are completely free from anger.
because you have cast off your anger, your name is alone because you are
completely devoid of delusion. because you have been greedy The name
alone because there is no passion by one part because you have lost your
passion. The Paccekasam Buddha the name alone because Free from lust by
this single part. How is it called \"One Man\" because he goes along the
path? Four Satipatthanas, 4 Righteousness, 4 Intrigue, 4 Organics, 5
Strength, 5 Bojjhana, 7 Noble Eightfold Paths, said the Ekamaga Path.
Blessed One He saw the Dharma as a priest. the end of the end of the
nation with great support The King knows Dharma which is the way to go
to one person. Buddhadhisattva, having crossed before, will cross and
cross over the void by virtue of the Dhamma, that is the way. that
person He was called the only one because he followed the same path in
this way. The Paccekasam Buddha How is it called alone because of the
great individual enlightenment? Wisdom in the Fourfold Path, wisdom,
intelligence, wisdom, physical strength, Dharma-viyasamphojga, and
wisdom are the considerations. Wisdom is the manifestation of
enlightenment. The Paccekasum Buddha had already attained enlightenment.
which all the truths through individual Buddha\'s enlightenment know
that all sankharas are impermanent. All body is suffering. All dharmas
are self-enlightened, because ignorance is So the factor is sankhara.
Because body is a factor, it becomes spirit; because spirit is a factor,
there is a name.

Because name and form are factors, they are destroyed. Because
salayatana is a factor, there is contact. because of the touch so the
factor is pity Because suffering is the factor, there is desire. Because
craving is a factor, there is prejudice. Because prejudice is a factor,
there is a world. Because the world is a factor, there is a nation.
Because birth is a factor, there is aging and death. He knows that
because of ignorance, the body is extinguished. Because the body is
extinguished, the soul is extinguished. Because the soul is
extinguished, the name and form are extinguished, because the name and
form are extinguished. Because of the death, the contact is
extinguished, because the contact is extinguished, the feeling is
extinguished because the feeling is extinguished, the desire is
extinguished Because craving is extinguished, clinging is extinguished;
because of clinging, the existence is extinguished; because the
existence is extinguished, life is extinguished. Because the nation dies
of old age and death is extinguished. Enlightenment: This is suffering,
this is suffering, this is suffering, this is suffering, this is
suffering. enlightenment that these This is the cause of taints, this is
the cessation of taints. This led to the cessation of taints.
enlightened that these dharmas should be mastered, these dhammas should
be abandoned These virtues should be practiced. the enlightenment of the
cause, the cessation, the punishment and the plot The salvation of
sensibility, 6 \... of clinging, 6 enlightenment of birth, cessation,
and delusion are the salvation of the great realm. Something happens
naturally. All such things have a natural cessation, enlightenment,
enlightenment, ready enlightenment, right, enlightenment, the dharma
that should be enlightened. should follow enlightenment should be fully
enlightened, should be right, should be made known, all of them by
individual bodhisattva. only because of enlightenment Such a wonderful
individual enlightenment. Jaria (traveling) in the word Jarei, as
follows, there are eight types: iriyapathariya, 1 ayatana- *cariya, 1
mindfulness, 1 meditation, 1 nanachariya, 1 magkhariya, 1 pati.
Attichariya 1 Lokattha-* Jariya 1. Traveling in the 4 postures Named
Ariyapatthachariya. Traveling in the inner and outer senses 6 Named
Ayyattachariya. Traveling In the four jhƒÅna is called samadhi. Traveling
in the four nobles is called word yanjariya. Traveling in the four paths
is called Magghariya. Traveling in Samanapon 4 is called
Patipattichariya. Lokatthariya is behavior that benefits the world. In
the Tathagata, the Arhat- \*Samma-Buddha Behavior is beneficial to the
world In some part of the Buddha\'s life, behavior is beneficial to the
world. in some of the disciples only. behavior of a person who arrives
with self-righteousness Named gesture. Behavior of all organic anal
guardians Name is Aiyaya. The behavior of A person living with
carelessness Named as consciousness. behavior of a person who strives in
the high It\'s called Samadhi Jariya. The behavior of a person who
arrives with wisdom. The name is Yanjariya. behavior of the person who
practices right The name of the company. The behavior of a person who
has achieved results is called Patipattiriya. The conduct of the
Tathagata, the Arahant, the fully enlightened Buddha, the conduct of the
Pacceka-sama Buddha only, the conduct of the disciples only some The
name of the world. These eight chariyas. Even the other eight chariyas,
the humble person acts with faith. who sustains

Behave with diligence. The person who enters it will behave consciously.
He who does not distract himself conducts his actions with
concentration. The wise man conducts his actions with wisdom. An
enlightened person behaves with the spirit. All virtuous dharmas prevail
for a person who practices this way. Behave with embarrassment. A person
who believes that this practice can achieve Khun Wiset will behave with
these eight kinds of magic. Eight other ways of conducting right
conduct. Name: Chadassanachariya 1. Conduct, Righteousness Name:
Apiropanachariya Name: Parikakhariya 1. Conducting Sammakammanta Name:
Samutthana Jariya Name Javodana - *Jariya 1. Conduct of Righteousness
Named as Pakhachariya 1. Conducting Mindfulness Named as Upatthana -*
Jariya 1. The practice of meditation is called Awaki. Kepchariya 1.
These eight things. The word like the horn of a rhinoceros means that a
rhinoceros has one horn and does not have a second horn. It is like a
rhinoceros horn, like a rhinoceros horn, like a rhinoceros horn. I\'m
the same. It is said to be very salty. bitter salt They are said to be
like bitter sweets. They are said to be like honey, things are said to
be hot, they are said to be like fire, things are said to be cold, they
are said to be like snow, great waters. It is said that in the ocean,
the disciples who have attained the Great Apichana and the Dharma are
said to be like the Teacher, so also the Paccekasama Buddha. Like the
horn of a rhinoceros, like a rhinoceros horn, he is alone, has no
friends, has a loose binder, wanders around, walks and rests. to relax,
maintain, and heal in the world rightly. Therefore, it is called to
travel alone Rhinoceros. Therefore, the Paccekasum Buddha said that A
person has placed a crime on all beings. not harassing animals even any
one of them Not wishing for a son, wishing for a companion, should be
alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. This is for the person who is
involved in this suffering. According to love, it manifests itself. When
one sees the harm caused, but love should wander alone like the horn of
a rhinoceros. \[669\] There are two kinds of connection: Relevant
because I have seen one, related because I have heard one called
sangsagga in the upheath that sanggajatsa bhavanti sennaha is as
follows. Related because I have seen why? Some people in this world see
women or kumaris with beautiful, attractive, attractive appearance,
consisting of a person with beautiful skin. very much When he saw it, he
held a partial vision: beautiful hair, beautiful face, beautiful eyes,
beautiful ears, beautiful nose, beautiful lips, beautiful teeth,
beautiful lips, beautiful eyebrows, beautiful breasts, beautiful
breasts. Beautiful, beautiful waist, beautiful legs, beautiful hands,
beautiful legs, beautiful fingers or beautiful nails. When they see each
other, they are satisfied.

Love. This is called relevance because I have seen it. Why is it related
because I have heard? Some people in this world would have heard that in
their homes or in the settlements There are women or kumaris who are
beautiful, powerful, attractive, composed of a person with extremely
beautiful skin. Upon hearing this, they are delighted and rejoiced.
Desired, enamored, bound by power, love. This is called relevance
because of hearing. There are two types of love in Sanha: love with the
power of passion 1. Love with the power of passion 1. Love with the
power of lust. Why? what makes it make it a border make a part Makes the
culmination of defining how much our adherence to lust is person assumes
This is ours, this is ours, this is our only, our own, our image, our
sound, our smell, our taste, our touch. our ramp Our garments, our
paints, our slaves, our goats, our sheep, our chickens, our pigs, our
elephants, our cattle, our horses, our donkeys, our fields. Our land,
our money, our gold, our home, our settlement, our capital. Our country,
our countryside, our grain, our treasury, will take over the mainland,
though all ours, by lustful power. This 108 perversion is called the
power of lust. What is love with power? Sakkaya ditthi has 20 objects,
*10 views, 10 antagas, 10 views, has seen this way, has gone,
Ditthikachat, Ditthikandar, is a thorny line. Ditthika Wat Phae Chong
Perspectives are virtues, stubbornness, clinging, clinging, the wrong
way, the wrong way, the wrong doctrine, the doctrine of guilt-seeking.
perversion insanity The belief that the truth in an object that is not
true in these 62 things is called Love with the power of natthi. The
words of love are great. It is for those who are related to love with
power. Lust and love with the power of Ditthiya are inevitable. It is
born, it is born, it is born, it is born, it is born because of the
perversion. And because of the connection with seeing and hearing,
therefore it is called that all love is for those who are involved.
\[670\] It is called love in the sense of sennayam dukkhamid pahoti,
thus, there are two types of love: love with the power of passion 1.
Love with Ditthi Power 1. Etc. This is called love. with lustful power.
Etc. This is called love with power. Etc. The word suffering ... appears
to mean that some people in this world corrupt behavior verbal corrupt
behavior Behave dishonestly, kill some animals, take what they don\'t
give. Cut off several connectors. Some robbed only one house, some
trapped in a secluded way, some adulterated others\' wives, some lied.
Then that person said to the King* , \"Good luck, this person is an evil
thief. Ask him to punish him according to his will.

The king took this steppe. that person suffers from sorrow Even because
of the steppe reasons. Sorrow, sorrow, this terrifying Why? Because of
love, because of joy, because cause of desire because of the desire by
the power and pleasure of that person. The King was not pleased even by
crime. also ordered to reserve that person Some by hammering, some by
tying, some with ropes, some with chains, some with tying. some vines by
restraining them in some enclosures. with some house arrest with some
quarantine in the settlement with quarantine in the city with quarantine
in some districts with some rural detention He puts it in the lowest
possible words. (Most commanded) that you cannot leave this place. That
person suffers from sorrow even because of bondage. this terrible sorrow
What happened? born because of love because of pleasure, because of
desire and because of the lust for the pleasure of that person.
criminally only He also ordered that his property be confiscated, one
hundred and one thousand and one. One suffers and suffers even because
of the deterioration of wealth. Sorrow, sorrow, this terrifying Why?
Because of love, because of joy, because cause of desire and because of
the lust by the power of the pleasure of that person. Monk- \*The King
is still not pleased. even by criminal also ordered to do various deeds
to that person, namely, to be whipped with some whips. Some lashes with
rattan, some hammers, some hands cut, some feet, some hands and feet,
cut off the ears. D cut off the nose, cut off both the ears and the nose
making him a rice cooker some boil on the head Let the bald scalp be
white like a stag, to have a face like Rahu\'s face. Some hands had to
be flayed, and some had to be tied up with a rope, some of them had to
be stripped, like a cloth, and some were made. There shall be iron rings
on the elbows and knees. Then put some iron ladle to fix it. hook Stick
to the mouth meat Let the brat cut his body to fall as far as the Maha
Pana. Take a piece of prata and paint it with some stinging water, then
lie down and fix some iron lao in the ear hole. Let the skin be scalped.
smash the bones like a leaf drenched in awaiting oil. Some let the dog
eat the meat, some put the loin in there, and cut off the head with a
sword. that person suffers from sorrow Even because of the cause of the
labor. Why did this terrible sorrow arise? born because of love because
of joy because of lust and because of lust by the power and pleasure of
that person This person, when the body is broken, dies. to reach evil
Every death in hell because of their own deeds. To do a work which has
five kinds of memory with that animal, that is, to pin a red iron lasso
on both hands, on both feet, in the middle of the bosom. The beast
succumbs to the stinging suffering in that hell. but he did not perform
the kala kari kƒÅjƒÅ all the time that the sin is not yet over. Why did
this dreadful sorrow arise? Born because of love, because of joy because
of desire and because of lust The pleasure of that person. The lords
made the beast lie down, plucked it, pecked it, and lifted its feet up.
put his head down and put the harness into the car and run some run back
some

The blazing land, with some blazing flames, had to go up the fiery coal
mountain. There were some glorious flames. let\'s go back down and took
the beast with its feet up and its head down. Thrown into a blazing red
iron cauldron with glorious flames. An iron cauldron is red like a
sponge of rice that is boiling when it boils. Napolchan was in the
cauldron red, like a sponge of boiling rice. go upstairs for a while Go
down one time, turn around one time. The beast dwelt in the red iron
cauldron, but he did not do any action. All the time the sin has not
ended. Why did this terrible sorrow arise? born because of love because
of joy because of his lust and because of his lust by the power of his
pleasure. The lords threw the beast into hell. Well, Hell is the Great
Hell, a square, with four gates, where sin is divided into parts. There
was a steel wall blocking it at the end, covering it with sheet metal,
and the floor was all flaming steel. spread to hundreds of miles around,
located in every era. A great hell, very hot, with glorious flames,
difficult to approach, creepy, terrifying, with immediate danger, only
suffering. up but the front cover Burn the obscene beasts until they hit
the back cover. A pile of flames rose from the lid. Behind the beasts
burned where there is lewd karma passing through the front cover. A pile
of flames rose from the bottom of the lid. Burning animals with lewd
karma Pass until you touch the top cover. The bonfire rose from the
north cover. Burn the animals that have lewd karma. Pass until you touch
the bottom cover. A heap of flames rose from the bottom of the lid,
terrifying, burning the beasts with lewd deeds, passing until they hit
the lid. A heap of flames rose from the lid, terrifying, burning the
beasts with their lewd deeds, all the way to the bottom of the ground.
blazing red, blazing fire, as the abyss falls below Thus appeared to the
beasts seen above. The beasts of the Hell Abyss were very slow, doing
very bad deeds. Only lewd karma was burned by fire. You are but not
dead. Of the beings that are in hell are always with fire. Behold the
stability of all karma. No ash, not even soot. The beasts ran towards
the front door. (open) back from the front door running to the back door
run towards the north gate Back from the north gate, run towards the
south gate. Even if they run in any direction, the door in that
direction will close by itself.

go out, find a way to escape But he cannot get out of that hell because
karma is a factor. For the lewd deeds of these animals have done a lot.
The results have not yet yielded the following results. Why does this
terrible sorrow arise? born because of love because of joy because of
desire and because of the lust by the judicious power of the beast.
suffering in hell is good Suffering from the birth of beasts Suffering
in human beings is good and born. Born, only born, and then appear. For
what reason? Those sufferings are, they are, they are, they are born,
they are born, they are born, they are born because of love. because of
joy because of desire and because of the lust by the joyful power of
that being, therefore it is called suffering, this is according to love;
it appears. \[671\] Name wa. The words of love in the words of Adinava
senhajam pekkhamano, as follows: there are two kinds of love, namely
love with power and passion 1, love with power. Naditthi 1. Etc. This is
called love. with lustful power. This is called love with power and
power. The word when seeing the punishment caused by love means seeing,
when seeing, when looking, looking, when considering which is punished
in love with the power of lust and in love with the power of divinity,
therefore it is called when you see the punishment born of love One
should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn, therefore. The Paccekasum
Buddha then said that All love is for the person involved. This
suffering, according to love, manifests itself. A person, seeing the
harm caused but love, should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros.
Those who are kind will lose their benefits. is indeed a person who has
a mind attached to a person when he sees That danger in intimacy should
travel alone like a rhinoceros horn, therefore. Patibhadhacitta is as
follows: There are two types of friends, namely, mittagrihastha, 1st
mitrbanphachit, and 1. What is the mitity? Some clergymen in this world
give what is difficult to give, give up what is difficult to give up
Doing a difficult task to withstand a temper that is difficult to endure
tell a secret The friend who hides the secret of the friend, who will
leave in the event of danger of life, will give up for Benefit to a
friend when the friend is gone (poor) is not disrespectful. This is the
friend of the householder. What is the friend of the monks? Bhikkhus in
this religion are beloved, agreeable, respected, worthy of praise. to be
patient is a person who makes deep words and would not persuade in
unreasonable cause urged in prayer to persuade in the pursuit
Cultivating the 4 foundations of mindfulness

Rights, 4 powers, 4 organics, 5 physical strengths, 5 Bojjongkha, 7
persuasion in perseverance. Blessing the Noble Eightfold Path. This is
called Mitr Banphachit. comfortable going, comfortable going,
comfortable going, comfortable standing, comfortable sitting,
comfortable lying, comfortable speaking, comfortable negotiating,
comfortable conversation, comfortable speaking with any of those people.
say a kind person. would cause the benefit to be deteriorated. that a
person, when supporting and supporting Friends and kind-hearted people
are friends who have seen each other, friends who have come together and
comrades. would bring some benefit Some of the benefits, some of the
benefits of both. Is there any benefit in this life? Some benefits are
in the next life, some are great, some are lost, are lost, are gone, and
are lost. Therefore, they are called people when they favor Friends and
kind people The benefits will be lost. The word "mind-binding" means one
who is mentally bound for two reasons, namely, when setting oneself low,
setting others high. Being a person who has a mind attached to oneself
when setting oneself up high Set others low, named as having a mental
bond 1. When setting oneself low set others high What is the name of a
person who is mentally bound? People when setting themselves low set the
other person high as a person who is mentally bound by detachment in
this way that all of you have much care for me I rely on you to obtain
robes, alms, senasanas, and kilanns. Other people are important to give
or to do for me. Those people are idiots. All your residents see you.
The names and surnames of my ancestors and fathers have passed away. I
can know because of you. I am a group of worshipers over there. It is a
group of upasikas. (because of all of you). when set high Set others low
What is the name of a person who is mentally bound? a person when
setting himself up high put others as low as those who are mentally
bound by reluctance Saying like this that I\'m very supportive of you
all. All of you rely on me. thus reaching the Buddha as a refuge to the
Dharma as a refuge to the Sangha as a monk, who abstains from all the
rituals Abstain from Athinnathan Abstain from adultery, abstain from
lies, refrain from drinking. Intoxicated water is liquor and
intoxicating spirits, which is a place of negligence. . I pray for
innovation (for all of you). That\'s when it is. You have also left me
to worship and worship other people. Therefore, it is called a person
who, when benevolent to friends and kind people, loses his benefit. It
is a person who has a mental connection. \[674\] The word of danger in
the district of Etambhayasanth Vepekkhamano is: birth, aging, disaster,
death, disaster, thief, fire, flood, disaster, blaming one\'s self.
Danger is blaming others, danger is crime, danger is calamity, danger of
waves, danger of calamity, danger of whirlpools, danger of sharks.
Danger, but the search for life support Danger, but blame Danger is
panic in the company. Aggressiveness goosebumps terror

The mental shock. There are two kinds of intimacy in the word santhave:
the intimacy with the power of desire and the intimacy with the power of
desire. This 1, etc. is called intimacy through power, desire. Etc.,
this is called Intimacy by power, dotithi. The word when seeing this
danger in intimacy means seeing it, seeing it, seeing it, looking at it,
considering this danger in intimacy, hence the name. that, seeing this
danger in intimacy should travel alone So the horn of a rhinoceros.
people when referring Wakmits and those who are kind will give. The
benefits are deteriorating. is indeed a person who has a mind attached
to a person when he sees As this danger of intimacy should travel alone
like the horn of a rhinoceros, therefore. intervene Therefore, monks and
Buddhas are not troubled like bamboo shoots, one should travel alone
like a rhinoceros horn. \[676\] Bamboo bushes He said that Vao Sa in the
area said Vaso Visalow Yatha Vistto as follows. In the bamboo bush there
are many thorns interfering with each other. Claims related to As lust,
lust, lust, pleasure, pleasure, pleasure, lust with power and pleasure
are intertwined. volition of the mind, desire, infatuation, lust, lust,
lust The message of concern to sway the delusion of lust that causes
animals to lust for connection with suffering, the sewn lust, the lust
of the net, the lust of the river. The lusts that cling to the emotions
sleepiness lust that spreads the lust of aging Companion lust, lust that
leads to the world, lust like the forest, lust like a tree nestled in
the forest, intimacy, love, lust, attachment, hope, action. hopeful,
hopeful Hope in form, hope in sound, hope in smell, hope in taste, hope
in touch. hope in fortune hope of wealth hope in children Hopes in life,
likes, general likes, specific preferences, likes, likes, greed, greedy
behavior, greed, lust. unkindness Unrighteous lust, uneven lust, uneven
greed, lust, lust, desire, ambition. Goodwill, Kamatanha, Bhavatanha,
Vibhavatanha, craving for the realm, craving for the non-realistic.
Craving for cessation, form of lust, lust for lust, gandha of lust, lust
for lust, lust for dharma, lust for water. The encompassed defilements,
the hundred defilements, the clinging, the barrier, the hiding, the
binding, the sorrow, the slumber, the sorrow, the lust like a vine.
Desires, cause of suffering, cause of suffering, realm of suffering, the
snares of the devil, the devil\'s snare, the power of the devil

devil\'s address The devil\'s binder The river is lust, the net is lust,
chain is lust, the sea is lust, so so is the same Abhijhalophha,
akusalamudha, that is lust that binds. What is the meaning in this word
vistika? because of the point of spreading, spreading from the vastness,
saying that it was absorbed, that it possessed, that it brought poison,
that it said it was wrong that the roots are toxic; that they have a
toxic effect; that they are consumed as toxic. Extensive passion
permeates in the form of sound, smell, taste, touch, family, abbot,
fortune, yot, Sansern, Suk, robes, alms, senasana, kilana factors-
\*Pharmaceuticals, erotica-elements, immaterial-elements,
sensual-images, immaterial Pops, Sanyapop, Unseen, Nevey, Napa,
Sanyapop, Ekvokarnpobs, Panjavokarnpobs, Past, Future, Present, Figures
that have been seen, the sounds have been heard. known in the dharma
Therefore, it is called ... As the big bamboo bush is related to each
other. Ya Apekkha, as follows: There are four types of children: a child
born only to oneself, a child born in the region, a child he has given,
a child in the court, and a wife. Jadara, lust, lust, saraga, etc.
Abhijha lobha akusalamun, he said apekkha. Hence, it is called lust for
children and wives. \[678\] Bamboo Bush He said bamboo in Austava
Vasaklirow Asjamano as follows. Just as all those in the bamboo bush are
unrelated, unattached, unentangled, not entangled, giving up, leaving.
There are two kinds of conflicts: Discord with power lust 1 Discord with
power ditthi 1. Etc. This is called conflict with power lust, etc. This
is called that power conflicts The Paccekasam Buddha Set aside conflicts
with lustful power. relinquishing conflicts with power The view is gone
because he was the one who gave up the conflict with the power of lust
because he was the one who renounced the conflict With the power of
Ditthi. Therefore, the Paccekasum Buddha is not involved in form, sound,
smell, taste, touch, does not relate, does not adhere to, does not get
involved in the family, abbot, fortune, yos, Sansern, Suk, robes, alms,
Senasana, Kilanpancha. Pharmacotherapeutics, kama-elements,
form-elements, non-formal-elements, kamma-elements, non-formal,
non-formal, non-formal, non-formal, non-formal, non-formal, non-formal,
non-formal, non-formal, neve-na-na-na-n-p-p, eka-vokarn-p-p,
k-vokarnp-p, panchavo-karnpop, past, future, present, form seen sound
heard Emotions that are known and in the Dharma that should be
enlightened, go forth, shake off, go away, are irrelevant. having a mind
that has no boundaries, so I too, therefore it is called uninterrupted.
A bamboo sprout should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn. So the
Paccekasum Buddha said that just as the big bamboo bush is related, the
desire for children and wives is vast. related to each other, so that no
conflict A bamboo sprout should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn.

\[679\] Marika in the forest, not bound by anything. would go for food
according to his will, as a wise man when seeing the Dharma to the
freedom to travel alone So sleep on the rhino. \[680\] 2 types of meat,
namely, sand meat, 1 black meat, 1 named chamaruk in Uthesava, Miko, Ar
Mahi, Apadho, Yenichakam, Gacchati, Kocharai, as follows. in the forest
without suspicion walk Standing without suspicion sitting without
suspicion Just as the Buddha lies down without any suspicion. look at
the monks forest area travel in the big forest walk without disgust
Standing without disgust Free from loathing. For what reason? look at
the monks For as the flesh does not go in the way of a hunter. Bhikkhus,
monks, a monk is secluded from the seclusion of the unwholesome Dharma.
Thamajhana is anxious and reflective, has joy and Happiness arises from
solitude. Here, monks, I say: made the devil blind He has gone to a
place where the devil can\'t see the shark. one more thing monks
attaining second meditation which is transparent of the inner mind,
which is dharma, the singularity arises, there is no worry, no judgment,
because the worry has gone away. There was only joy and happiness born
of concentration ... He had gone to a place that the devil could not see
the shark. one more thing bhikkhus have equanimity be sensible enjoy the
happiness of the body because the joy is gone attained the tertiary
jhana that all noble ones have praised One who has this meditation is
equanimous, mindful and happy ... has gone to a place not seen by the
devil. one more thing A bhikkhu attains the Fourth Jhana, free from
suffering, without happiness, because of the neglect of happiness and
suffering. quenching previous sorrows, equanimity, causing purification
of consciousness ... to the place where the devil binds the sharks.
Can\'t look for it. On the other hand, a bhikkhu, because of
falsification of a contract because of breaking the promise because they
do not care To all the promises that are fulfilled Kasannaya meditated
with the thought that the air was unfathomable ... went to a place that
the devil could not see. one more thing In all respects, monks who have
reached the highest level of meditation, have attained the *supreme
mindfulness of the mantra. The soul is infinite deceives the spirit of
meditation by all means All of them have attained the Aquincanyana Jhana
with the mantra that nothing at all has not encroached on the* Jhana in
all respects. wa achieves the concept of na-sanya-jhana by virtue of
saying: This is calm, this is refined Taniroth is here. and all her
taints went because of wisdom. Now, monks, I say made the devil blind
eradicate the devil as a helpless man went to a place that the devil
could not see. A bhikkhu has crossed over the desires that are involved
in the world and becomes a man. As from suspicion walks. Without
suspicion, danger stands, without suspicion sits. Free from suspicion
lying there. For what reason?

because the monks are not in the way of the devil tying the shark I\'m
the same. Therefore, it is called the meat of the forest, which, without
any bindings, goes in search of food according to its will. Javi naro
serit pekkamano as follows: the enlightened person is a wise graduate.
Wisdom is the tool of enlightenment, wisdom, enlightenment. Has wisdom
to destroy defilements. ) Manucha. The name is liberty. It is liberated
in two things: dharma seri 1 free persona 1. thamma seri? 4
Satipatthana, 4 Righteousness, 4 Power, 5 Physical Strength, 5 Bojjhana,
7 Noble Eightfold Paths, this is called Thammaseri. What is a free
person? Whoever constitutes this freedom That person, he said, is a free
person. when seeing Dharma of liberty, that wise people, when they see,
when they look, when they look, when they look, and when they look at
the dharma, they are liberty; therefore, they are called wise people
Seeing the Dharma of freedom, one should wander alone like a rhinoceros
horn. The Paccekasum Buddha then said that Maruk in the forest Just as
anything is not tied down to find food according to his will, a wise
man. when seeing the Dharma to the freedom One should wander alone like
a rhinoceros horn. \[682\] In the midst of companions Counseling is
needed both on where to live, where to stand, where to walk, and where
to go. A person who sees an ordination as a means of liberty that the
wicked do not wish to travel alone So sleep on the rhino. \[683\] Well,
well, well, well, well, well, well spoken to any of these people, who,
he said, comrades in the upheaad, \'Amantana Hoti, comrades? Majje wase
thane ghamne charika as follows. The word in the midst of comrades
requires consultation both on the place, standing, walking, and on the
way to travel. that, among comrades, one must consult Consulting the
interests of others Consulting the interests of both parties
Consultation of current benefits Counseling on the future, consulting on
the ultimate benefit, even in the place, even in the standing, even in
the walk, even in the journey, therefore it is called in Among comrades,
counseling is needed on where to live, where to stand, where to walk,
and where to go. \[684\] The word person, when he sees an ordination
that imparts liberty which the wicked do not desire, that this is the
reign of the lord Kasaya, which the rascals are the devout and Disciples
of Diane An unfaithful person does not desire. This is to hold the robe
of a monk The graduate is the Buddha, the disciple of Phra Buddha.
Thachao and the Pacceka Buddha

Desired. The name liberty consists of two liberties: thamma liberty 1
person liberty 1. thamma liberty, what is it? The four foundations of
mindfulness, etc., the Noble Eightfold Path. This is called Dharma Seri.
What is a free person? Whoever is made up of this free Dharma, that
person, he said, is a free person. which the wicked do not desire, that
a person when he sees, when he looks, when he looks, when he looks which
ordained to liberty; therefore, it is called a person who sees an
ordination that leads to liberty which the wicked do not wish to wander
alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. The Paccekasum Buddha then said
that in the midst of comrades Counseling is needed both on where to
live, where to stand, where to walk, and where to go. A person who sees
a free ordination that the wicked do not wish to travel alone to So
sleep on the rhino. \[685\] Play and joy are among friends, but love
among children is abundant. A person who hates separation from a loved
one should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn. to two types of play,
namely physical play; 1, verbal play; 1. Why is physical play? The
people played some elephants, some cymbals, some cars, some archers,
some chess, some skaters. Chang played some checkers. play qing nang
chang play some chess pieces Play some snare throws, play some buzzing
sticks. Play some flicks to make shapes, some flicks. Some leaf blowing,
some plowing, some vaulting. play some turbines Some sand, some little
cars, some little bows, some scribbles. Let\'s say hello to each other.
Play to imitate people with disabilities. This is called physical play.
What is verbal play? mouth-to-mouth drumming, mouth-to-mouth drumming,
mouth-to-mouth swing, mouth-to-mouth play, whistling, mouth-to-mouth
play It is called verbal play. The word rejoicing in the word rati is a
reference to cheerfulness. Going Well, Coming Well ... Speechless with
whom Those people said comrades in the comrades comrades comrades as
follows. It means that play and joy exist among comrades; therefore, it
is called play; joy resides among comrades. \[687\] Named sons in the
subordinates: puttesu ca vipulam hoti pem, as follows: there are four
kinds of sons: a son born from himself, a son born in one area, a son
born in He gave one son in the court 1. The word, but the love of
children is great, means that the love of children is great.

Therefore it is called, but the love of children is great. \[688\] There
are two kinds of things that are dear: the beloved being and the beloved
sankhara. 1. What is a beloved animal? What people exist in this world?
Good mother, good father, good brother, good sister, good son, good
daughter, good friend, kin, good kin, good blood, good hope. Hope for
kindness, cherish comfort, hope for peace From the yoga of defilements
to that person, those people are called beloved beings. What is the
beloved body? Form, sound, smell, taste, touch, the part that pleases.
These things are called vaca, sankhara, which is dear. The word when
hating the separation from the beloved means when hating, when
uncomfortable, when bored, which is why separation from the beloved is
called when hating the dissatisfaction. departed from the beloved One
should travel alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. So said the
Paccekasum Buddha, play and joy exist amongst his companions. But the
love of children is great. A person who hates separation - separation
from the beloved One should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn. Normal,
comfortable in the 4th direction, no irritation. Rejoice in whatever
factors are available, dominate all dangers. no fear One should wander
alone, like a rhinoceros horn, therefore. \[690\] The word
\"considerably comfortable in the four directions\" is jatuddiso
appatikoca hoti, thus: The Buddha\'s mind is full of mercy, spreading in
one direction, the second direction, the third direction, and the fourth
direction. In this sense, both above and below. On the other hand, there
is a heart, made up of kindness. a broad mind to the greatness There are
immeasurable beings, no enmity, no malice, spreading throughout the
world, in all creatures, in every place, with a heart composed of
compassion ... having a mind composed of. Mudita \... having a mind made
up of equanimity. spreading in one direction, in the second direction,
in the third direction, and in the fourth direction, all the same. In
this sense, above and below, there is a mind made up of space, which is
a detached mind. Changkwang to the greatness There are infinite beasts,
no enmity, no malice, spreading throughout the world. throughout all
animals in every place. The word \"considerably comfortable\" in the
four directions, without any resentment, means that the Pacceka-Buddha
is because he is merciful. So there is no hatred for all beings in the
east, in the west, in the south, in the north, in the south, in the
north, in the west, in the northeast, in the low, in the north, in the
north. in the small direction because he is a charitable person because
he is a cultivator therefore there is no hatred for all beings in the
east, etc., in the slightest direction, therefore it is called that the
Pacceka-Buddha is at ease in the four directions, none.

resentment. \[691\] The word rejoicing as it is available means that the
Paccekasambuddha is a solitary person. as can be followed, both
glorifying solitude with a robe as he can, and not reaching the
unreasonable pursuit of robes. dang (not persevering) After getting a
robe, he is not attracted, is not fascinated, is not involved, is normal
to see the blame. having wisdom as a salad for consumption, neither
lifting oneself nor oppressing others because of solitude Followers can
follow them. Well, the Buddha Whoever is diligent, not lazy, has
consciousness in his robes. That person, this Paccekasambuddha *, said
that he lives in the family of noble monks. known It is a wonderful
family that has existed since ancient times. A person who is secluded
with alms as he can ... is a loner. with solitude according to the
ability to follow \... to be secluded with the help of medicine, to be
able to The following factors can be followed. and not to the pursuit of
guilt which is inappropriate because of the medicinal factor of
pharmacokinetics When he didn\'t kill the factors, the pharmacists
didn\'t flinch. When he was given the knowledge of the apothecary, he
was not enamored, was not fascinated, was not involved, was normal, saw
blame, was wise, was a salvation from his family, and did not exalt
himself. do not harass others Because of the solitude with Kilan, the
pharmacological factor that can* be followed. Well, any Pacekasum Buddha
is a diligent person. not lazy having consciousness, being conscious in
the medicinal factor of solitude The Paccekasam Buddha He said that in
the family of noble monks Known as Wong Lod which has been in existence
since ancient times, therefore it is called being pleased with the
following conditions. \[692\] Named danger in the Utah as Prissayanam
sahita Umphi, as follows: 2 dangers: apparent danger, 1 hidden
danger, 1. apparent danger. Why? Lions, tigers, yellow tigers, bears,
leopards, wolves, cattle, buffaloes, elephants, snakes, scorpions,
centipedes, thieves, thieves, or not, eye disease. Ear disease, nose
disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, ear disease, mouth
disease, tooth disease, cough, burp, glaucoma, heat stroke, stomach
disease, epilepsy, red disease, colic disease, disease Diarrhea,
leprosy, abscess, eczema, asthma, epilepsy, stomatitis, pruritus,
scabies, scurvy, scurvy, jaundice, diabetes, hemorrhoids. red gland
disease The disease was caused by phlegm. sickness caused by the wind
Illness and so on. Gather together, I get sick because of the changing
seasons. Anxiety is caused by the change of arrogance. Suffering is not
the same; sickness arises because of perseverance; malice arises because
of karma; cold, heat, dizzy, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in
urination, or by the touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and Tiger
crawling. These dangers, he said. Danger appears. What is the hidden
danger? Corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt conscience
Uttajakkukkujanuran Wichikika Niranha, sensuality, anger, hatred, anger,
attachment, negligence, equality, jealousy, stinginess, deceit.

boasting, stubbornness, arrogance, arrogance, contempt for you,
drunkenness, recklessness, all defilements, all dishonesty and all
ardent desire. all the trouble All Akusalaphisankhara. These dangers, he
said. The danger is concealed. The danger is called Prissaya because of
what\'s the meaning? Remarks that dominate. that it is possible to The
risk of all unwholesome dharmas live in that self. dangerous name
Because of how it possesses? Those dangers dominate, overwhelm,
overwhelm, and oppress that person. Dangerous name because it possesses
like this. Dangerous name Because how does it lead to deterioration?
Such dangers are for the dangers of the devastation of the wholesome
virtues. It is possible to Dangerous for the degradation of the animal
Where are all these virtues? Those hazards are likely to Dangerous for
the degradation of the animal These virtues are right and proper
practice. Practice is not an enemy, practice is based on benefits, fair
practice, perfection in all the precepts. Protection of the anus in all
organic matter, moderation in nutrition. perseverance consciousness
Persistence in the development of the four foundations of mindfulness,
the 4 right knowledge, the 4 organics, the 5 physical strength, the 5
Bojjhangha, the 7 Noble Path, and 8. The name is dangerous because of
its meaning. lead to this deterioration. dangerous name Because how do
all the unwholesome dhammas reside in that existence? Unwholesome, these
obscene dharmas relied on the selfish nature. up in that existence. in
the burrows of aquatic animals The beasts that live in the forest tree
dwelling as in the tree So so are those filthy unwholesome dhammas that
arise from the self and arise in the self. dangerous name because of the
view that all unwholesome qualities reside in This kind of selfishness.
realistically according to the Buddha\'s words, the Buddha said: look at
the monks Bhikkhus who are familiar with the defilements of the
antiquity Those who live with the passion of being a teacher would live
in sorrow and not happiness. Look, bhikkhus, the inspecting monks with
the passion that is anthevasik How to live in misery and not well?
Bhikkhus, by seeing a form with the unwholesome eye, any filthy dharmas
initiated in remembrance of the bountiful bounties arise upon a bhikkhu
in this religion Those filthy unwholesome dharmas linger, disappearing
within the mind of that monk. for this reason That monk, therefore, I
said, \'The explorer and the defilements are undevasik. Those obscene
unwholesome qualities govern a monk for the following reasons:
Therefore, that monk, we say that the explorer is the master\'s passion.
one more thing because listening to the sound with the ears because of
sniffing with the nose because of the taste with the tongue because it
is right to touch with the body because he knows the Dharma by heart Any
obscene unwholesome dharma that is done with utmost reverence The
blessings that are accrued to the bhikkhus, those filthy unwholesome
qualities linger and perish within that monk\'s mind. for this reason
That monk, therefore, said that the

together with the passion that is anthevasik. Those lewds rule over the
monks because of that, therefore we say that the bhikkhu is a master of
defilements. Behold, monks, the monks, who are in the study of the
defilements of the devasika, who live with the defilements of the
teacher, live as Suffering is not very enjoyable. It\'s called
dangerous. For it seems that all unwholesome dhammas reside in that
existence even this way. and realistic according to the Buddha\'s words,
the Buddha said: Monks, these three things are unclean between Piri
during hostile during was killed during Be an enemy in between. What are
the three things? look at the monks Greed is unclean during greed,
during enmity, during slaughter, during to be an enemy between the
monks, anger, etc. rulers are unclean during Blessed in between, enemy
in between, enemy in between. Monks, these three things are unclean
between Piri during hostile during was killed during Be an enemy in
between. Greed leads to harm that is not beneficial; greed leads to
relapse; danger arises within the mind. A bully is unaware of that
danger. A greedy person does not know its meaning. Greedy people do not
see Dharma. Greed reigns over the people at any moment, low darkness
exists at that moment. wrath also blame It is not beneficial to cause.
The anger caused the mind to start. disaster in the mind The bully did
not feel the danger. Angry people do not understand the meaning. Angry
people do not see Dharma. At what moment did anger dominate the people?
There was a great darkness at that moment. Moha still brings harm to the
mind. Moha still revives the mind. Danger arises within the mind. The
bully did not feel the danger. The delusional person does not understand
the meaning. The deceitful person does not see the Dharma. At what
moment does ignorance dominate the people? Darkness was low at that
moment. It was called danger because of the goodness that all
unwholesome dhammas resided in such a state. And realistically according
to the Buddha\'s words, the Blessed One said that, look at the dharma
that does three dangers when it arises within. It arises for the sake of
benefit, for suffering, for well-being. What are the three dangerous
dharmas? Look at Krommaphaphit, the Dharma that does harm is greed, and
when it arises within It happens to be of no benefit. Support for
suffering, for dissatisfaction. The act of harm is anger, etc. Look at
the Department of the Dharma up in the interior Not for benefit, for
suffering, for well-being. Look at Krom Maha Phit, these three dangerous
dharmas, when they arise within It arises for the sake of benefit, for
suffering, for well-being. Lobha, dosa, and moha arise in one\'s self,
oppressing men.

He who has a lewd mind, like his own lint, encroaches on bamboo.
Therefore, it is called dangerous because of the appearance of all
unwholesome dhammas. living in that state even like this. And
realistically, according to the Buddha\'s words, lust, hatred, delusion,
displeasure, delight, and eerieness are the reasons for this. Born from
this ego, the thought in the mind from this ego binds animals like
children to crows. Therefore, it is called danger. because all
unwholesome qualities reside in such a state. All dangers are therefore
called dominance. All dangers. The word \"one without fear\" means that
the Paccekasaka Buddha is neither cowardly, nor fearful. He did not
escape, having given up fear of cowardice and without fear of fear. His
hair was puffed up, hence the name of the ruler. All dangers have no
fear to travel. Go alone like a rhinoceros horn. The Paccekasum Buddha
said that There is normal, comfortable in the four directions, without
any resentment, can be pleased with the following conditions. dangerous
possession They do not have the fear of wandering alone like a
rhinoceros horn, therefore. It\'s hard to tell. A person should be a
person with little enthusiasm in Others and children should travel alone
So sleep on the rhino. \[694\] The saying that even a group of monks
\... is difficult for others. When others give good manners, good deeds,
good deeds, good robes, good alms bowls, or metal utensils. It\'s good
to give Dhammakorn. A water filter is fine. It\'s good for children,
good for shoes, good for loins, good for loins, not listening, not
listening, not paying attention to know. He who does not listen, does
not obey his words, acts rudely. Turned away by other symptoms,
therefore it is called that even a group of monks \... are hard to help
others. \[695\] The words and householders mean that even some
households in this world When someone else gives an elephant, a car, a
farm, a land, a money, a gold, a house, a city, a country, or not.
listen, do not listen not set the mind to know He who does not listen,
does not follow his words, is behaving rudely. is turned away by other
signs, therefore the name is, and the laymen, the vice-presidents.
\[696\] All have exalted themselves. He said in this comment that should
be a person with little enthusiasm in others and their children.

The word should be one who has little enthusiasm among the people. All
children and children say that one should be a person with little zeal,
that is, one who does not care. should be carefree, therefore, should be
called one who has little enthusiasm among others, and children should
travel alone to So the horn of a rhinoceros. Therefore, the Paccekasum
Buddha said that even a group of monks and householders who are hard on
others, one should be less anxious in Others and children should travel
alone So sleep on the rhino. \[697\] Heroic Paccekasum Buddha The mark
has been retired. of the householder cut the ties of the householder
They are like the Thong Lang tree. have fallen leaves One should wander
alone like a rhinoceros horn, \[698\] hair, mustaches, flowers, scents,
caressers. clothing Accessories, cloths, blankets, turbans, dryers,
massagers, bathrobes, benders, wands, eye drops Flowers, lamps, face
paints, lip applicators, jewelry, hand tools, buns, wands, cameras,
umbrellas, shoes, diamond swords (or other tools) as an example, he said
that the mark of the householder in the country Vaoropayat wagihiphiya
Chananani is as follows. The word has been converted. The meaning of the
householder is that it has been laid down and abandoned; therefore, it
is called broken down. The mark of the householder. \[699\] The word,
like a golden tree with fallen leaves, means that the Paccekasum Buddha
cut off the layman\'s mark. shh Like the Thong Lang tree with its yellow
leaves already fallen, therefore it is called like the Tong Lang tree.
It has already fallen. \[700\] Phra Paccekasam Buddha is named as a
valian in the Uthes of Chetwan, Thiro, Kihiphonthanani, as follows,
because of his perseverance. that the mighty, the mighty, the mighty,
the mighty, the advanced, the one who is not cowardly, the person who is
not afraid The one who does not flee, who has given up fear and
cowardice, who is free from goosebumps. You are exempt from all evil. in
this world Having escaped all suffering in hell, lived with
perseverance, courage, and perseverance, he said. A heroic person who
has a stable mind. Sons, painters, slaves, goats, sheep, chickens, pigs,
elephants, cattle, donkeys, donkeys, land, money, houses, estates,
ratchathani, villages, changs, treasuries and valuable objects. At the
location of every kind of desire, he said, the binding of the lay man.
The word hero...cut off the bindings of the householder. then verb The
Pacekasamut Buddha is a heroic figure, cutting, cutting, dissolving,
alleviating, bringing to an end. to the absence of which the bond of the
layman

Therefore, it is called a heroic person\... One should travel alone like
a rhinoceros horn. The Paccekasum Buddha then said that Like the
beginning, the Pakcekasama Buddha was a hero who had cut off the ties of
the householder. Thong Lang has leaves and should travel alone like a
rhinoceros horn. \[701\] If a wise companion traveling together There is
normal, good deeds, a wise man. Having conquered all dangers, one should
be delighted and mindful to travel with that comrade. \[702\] \"If a
wise comrade should be obtained, that is, a wise comrade: being a
graduate, having knowledge, enlightenment, enlightenment, enlightened
Wisdom destroys defilements, therefore it is called a wise companion.
\[703\] The word \"travel together\" means \"satthicharam\",
\"satthi-viharn\", \"going together\" living with good karma means
living with good karma even with the first jhana, even with the second
jhana even with tertiary meditation even with four live with good karma
Even with mercy Jeto Wimut *even* kindly *even with equanimity live by
karma laying* down with dignity even with a goodwill Live in good deeds,
even in nirvana. to live with good deeds, even with good results I have
enlightenment, wisdom, enlightenment. Has wisdom to destroy defilements.
Therefore, it is called \"Traveling Together\". There is normal with
good karma. is a scholar. \[704\] Named danger in the Uthah Abhibhuy.
Sabpani parissayani as follows: Two types of dangers, namely, visible
dangers, 1 hidden dangers, 1. Etc., he said that danger appeared. .
etc., he said. The danger is concealed. The word \"dominates all
dangers\" means \"dominate, overwhelm, overwhelm, eliminate danger.\"
therefore it is called dominating All dangers are gone. \[705\] The word
be contented and mindful to wander with that friend means that the
Pacceka-Buddha May one be delighted, joyful, cheerful, joyful, joyful,
joyful, wandering around, taking turns, taking care of, nurturing, and
healing with a virtuous comrade. Nyana means being a sage, having
knowledge, enlightenment, enlightenment, and enlightened. Wisdom
destroys that defilement, therefore it is called liberating. Mind
traveling with that friend. The word mindful means that the Buddha is
mindful, that is, composed of mindfulness.

He is very brave, he is a person who remembers what he has done. and
words that have been spoken for a long time, therefore it is said that
one should be contented and sensible to travel with that companion.
because of that Then the Paccekasum Buddha said that if he had a wise
companion traveling together There is normal, good deeds, a wise man.
All dangers have been taken over. be contented and sensible to travel
with that companion. There is also normal As a wise man, one should
wander alone like a rhinoceros horn, as a king, having abandoned his
victorious tributary, therefore travels alone. 707\] The saying that if
a wise comrade is not obtained, if he does not receive, he does not
receive, he does not experience, he does not meet a comrade. A wise
person is a sage, knowledgeable, enlightened, enlightened, enlightened.
Wisdom destroys defilements, therefore it is called if not a wise
companion. \"Satthicharam Sathuwihari Thiram\" means \"to travel
together.\" The word \"normal\" with good deeds means \"normal\". good
karma Even with the first meditation, etc., live with good karma. In
nirodha, one lives with good deeds, even by fruit. The word sage means
one who is wise, that is, sage, knowledge, enlightenment, insight,
wisdom. sink Wisdom destroys defilements, therefore it is called one who
travels with one another, living with good deeds. is a scholar. \[709\]
The word, as the King leaves the triumphant district and travels alone,
means that the King has been crowned He won the war, got rid of the
enemy, gained greatness, had a great treasury. Having given up, his
eyes, the villages, the treasury, the riches and the gold, and the city,
having turned his hair and beating his head into a beast, he went out
and was ordained as a monk. As far as being a carefree person, he
wanders around, walks, rests, heals, heals, goes alone. Cut off all
secular concerns. Cut off worries on children and wives. worry about
relatives Worrying about friends and kin, put down their hair and
mustache, and put on a shawl. ordained as a monk Access to being a
person who is free from worries, traveling, walking, resting, being
alone, healing, nourishing, healing. Therefore, it is called as the King
Abandon the conquered provinces and travel alone So the rhinoceros
sleeps. Therefore, the individual Buddha- \*Sama Buddha said that If not
a wise companion traveling together There is also normal Good deeds as a
wise man should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn.

As the King had abandoned the triumphant region and traveled alone,
therefore. It is truly fair. should only consume more noble comrades or
equal (only). Without companions, they should consume the blameless
factor. One should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn, therefore.
\[711\] The word Addha in the upheaval means Addha Pasamsam, Comrade
Sampada, as follows: It was said without a doubt. Speak without
ambiguity: Speak in two parts two-way It is not wrong to say. The word
adha is a definite word. Any comrade who is a practitioner of precepts,
samadhi, panyakan, vimuttikhan, belonging to Phra Asekha That comrade
said that Companions who have reached the Dharma, in the word Comrade
Sampada, the word commends the Companions who have arrived with Dharma.
Chom saree means to commend, glorify, describe the kindness of a comrade
who is ready. with the Dharma, therefore the name is- \*Praise the
comrade who It is truly fair. \[712\] The word \"comrades\" should be
followed, which is superior or equal, means that comrades are superior
by virtue, concentration, wisdom, and liberty. Vimuttinyanthassana
Comrades are equality with sali Concentration, wisdom,
vimuttivimuttinanadassana should be consumed, that is, should be closely
related, should be seated, should be questioned, should be questioned, a
superior companion or an equal companion (only), hence the name. Should
I eat a friend who is nobler or not? that is equal (only). \[713\] It
should be known and judged in the country that, without those
companions, they should consume the following harmless factors: There
are punishable things, and there are consumers of things that are not
punishable. Why is the person who consumes the harmful factor? Some
people in this world get, that is, have been, have been, have been
acquired. by deceit, by slander, with fortune-telling, with trickery By
seeking fortune, by giving real wood, by giving bamboo, by giving
leaves, by giving flower with a shower by giving Jurun with soil by
giving toothpicks by gargling with water as a person to appear with sass
like bean curry (not all cooked) with his flattering, with much begging,
as they are said to eat meat after others. with Tirajan Wicha with organ
prediction by watching the guards, by being an ambassador, by walking in
service By walking the message, by medicine, by ambassadors, by giving
alms in response to alms. by adding to unfair giving Irregularly, then
it is successful. This person said that The consumer of such factors is
punishable. So why is the person who consumes the blameless factor? Some
people in this world get, that is, get, get, gain by not deceitful by
not seeing. side by side with ignorance

Doing a trick by not seeking fortune with good fortune Not by giving,
not by giving bamboo, not by giving leaves. not by giving flowers not by
giving the machine a shower not by giving not by soil not by giving a
toothpick not by gargling not with who to appear not with silliness like
bean curds. not with his flattery not by begging as is said to eat the
flesh of others. not by palmistry not with the subject matter not by
organ prophecy not by observational studies Not by walking as an
ambassador, not by marching, not by messenger. not by medicine not by
ambassadors not by giving alms in response to alms not by adding to the
giving of righteousness, on a regular basis, and then attainment, he
said. The consumer\'s factors are not blameless. The saying that without
those comrades should consume the blameless factor: when not, not
experiencing, not only, not found, not. Therefore, it is said that,
without those companions, one should consume such things that are
harmless, and should travel alone, like the horn of a rhinoceros.
Because of that, the Paccekasum Buddha said: We all praise you,
comrades. One who is truly ready with Dharma. One should eat only a
friend who is superior or equal (only). should consume innocuous factors
One should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. \[714\] One sees two
brilliant golden bracelets. that Mr. Changthong gave Successful sarcasm
on the hand One should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros.
\[715\] The word \"seeing\" a golden bracelet that shines brightly means
seeing, seeing, comparing, considering, clarifying, making it appear. .
The word Suwannassa means gold. The word supreme means pure and radiant.
Therefore, it is called seeing the golden bracelet that shines brightly.
\[716\] Changthong, you said that Kammarbutra in Uthesava Kammaputten
Sunitthitani as follows. That means that Mr. Chang Thong has done well,
has done good, has good deeds, hence the name Mr. Cho. \[717\] His wrist
said that Bhuja in the Uthevasangkhatyantaniduvebhujsam as follows. Two
bracelets in one hand were sarcastic. Just as beings quarrel with each
other. capable of lust Continuing the birth of beasts, animals, in the
pretavism, in the human world, in the world, inheriting the motto
Continuing the fate Fertilize with fertilization inherit the world with
the world Continuing with pity Continuing the cycle with the watta,
wandering around, taking turns, taking care of, maintaining, healing,
hence the name two rings on one wrist. sarcastic, let\'s go on a journey

alone Therefore, the Buddha said that One sees two golden bracelets
shining bright. at Mr. Chang Thong So accomplished, licking his hand,
one should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. \[718\] It is good to
speak with words A good relationship with a friend should be for us like
this. people when they see this danger continue One should wander alone
like the horn of a rhinoceros. \[719\] The word \"comrade\" should be
given to us like this, that is, with lust as a companion. Lust is a
companion that exists. A person as a companion exists. How is lust as a
companion? Forms of craving, craving, craving, gandha, craving, craving,
touching, craving, dharma, called craving. That person said that Has
lust as a companion. a man with lust as a companion Traveling for a long
time, you will not regret this kind of existence. And there is something
else possible. Lust is such a companion. How does a person become a
friend? Some people in this world Being distracted not because of one\'s
own cause, not because of someone else\'s cause, with a restless mind,
does one become the second person? Two people became Some third, three
became the fourth, some said raving words. Much of where he went was
talking about kings, thieves, majesty, armies, disasters, wars, rice,
water, cloth, flowers. I\'m sorry Relatives about vehicles, about other
houses City settlements, rural stories, women\'s stories story about men
The brave people about the alley, about the sea, about the world. the
sea about prosperity and deterioration in the following ways: A person
is a companion like this. Therefore, it is said that this should be with
our companions. \[720\] Tiratchanakatha 32 is about the king, about
thieves, etc., about prosperity and Thus, he said that the verbal speech
in the precepts vajƒÅbhilapo abhisjja na va as follows. Named Relevance
These are related to two things, i.e. the relationship with craving 1,
the relationship with yatithi, 1. Etc., this is called the relationship.
lustful etc., this is called Ditthi relationship. Therefore, it is
called good oral speech. Relevance is good. \[721\] It is called peril
in the state of etam bhaya ayati pekkhamano, as follows: birth, aging,
disaster, disaster, calamity, thief, fire, flood, disaster is reproach.
Danger is to blame others, danger is crime, danger is calamity, danger
is undulating, danger is streak, danger is whirl, danger is fish.
Danger, but the search for life support Danger, but blame The danger is
the panic in the community, the dreadful cause, the terror, the
goosebumps, the shock of the mind. The anxiety of the mind. \"When I see
this danger, when I see, when I see, when I look, when I look, when I
look.

When considering this danger, therefore, it is called that when seeing
this danger further One should travel alone like the horn of a
rhinoceros. The Paccekasum Buddha then said that oral speech is good A
good connection with a friend should be given to us like this. one
should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. Yonjanrom humbly humiliates
the mind. There are different types of emotions. One who sees the blame
in sensual pleasures, one should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn.
Such things are: objects of lust, 1. Etc., these are what he said are
erotic objects. Etc., these you said of defilements. The word beautiful
means that there are various forms. There are different types of sounds.
There are different kinds of smells, different kinds of flavors,
different kinds of touch. The word delicious means that it is true
according to the Buddha\'s words, bhikkhus, these five qualities of
sensuality. What are the *five? A figure that should be known by the eye
Desirable, desirable, pleasing, lovable, seductive, voluptuous Sounds to
be known by ear, smells to be known by the nose, tastes to be known by
the tongue. to be enlightened by the body Desirable, desirable,
pleasing, lovable, seductive, voluptuous. Bhikkhus, these are the five
qualities of sensuality. Monks, what happiness arises through these five
sensual qualities, this happiness, I say, is sensual pleasure, it is the
bliss of excrement. the happiness of the common people It\'s not the
happiness of the Holy Spirit, it shouldn\'t be consumed, it shouldn\'t
be associated with it, it shouldn\'t be cultivated. should not overdo
it. We say that we should be afraid of this happiness, therefore it is
called Well, all sensual pleasures are beautiful and delicious. Mind,
mind, manat, heart, white mind, mano, mano, mana, manindara, the soul,
the khandha, the mind of the khandha, that is called the khandha\'s soul
is called Mana. \[724\] The word humiliates the mind. Different kinds of
emotions, meaning to humiliate the mind, that is, to cause the mind to
startle, to weaken, to corrupt by various forms, etc. with different
kinds of touches, therefore it is called yum yum yum with different
kinds of emotions. \[725\] It should be known and judged in the adhesion
that the following words are true to the Buddha\'s words which the
Blessed One said: look at the monks is the punishment of lust How?
Bhikkhus, the sons of the world live in such a way that The art of
counting fingers, calculating, estimating, farming, commerce, karma,
warrior, civil servant, or any other activity which is the birthplace.
of art cold resistant Tolerant of heat, flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun and
the touch of scrambling beasts, they die of hunger and thirst. Look at*
the monks . the punishment of this lust They can see each other as a
heap of suffering, with sensuality as a cause. There is eroticism as a
fairy tale

having eroticism It is the cause of all sensual pleasures. look at the
monks If when that son With diligent efforts, those wealth will not
progress. Up. His son was sorrowful, distressed, enraged, and pounded
his chest, lamenting his passion. Our persistence is barren. Our efforts
were in vain. look at the monks The punishment of this lust They can see
each other as a pile of suffering, with sensuality as a cause. There is
eroticism as a fairy tale having eroticism It is the cause of
sensuality. Look, monks. If when the son of a son is diligent and
striving Those wealth will grow. The son of the son was sorrowful.
Because of the preservation of those wealth, thinking of what scheme,
our wealth will not be destroyed by the king. The thieves will not
steal, the fire will not burn, the water will not flood their heirs. The
unloved will not be able to carry it. when the son is protected like
this Those possessions are correct. the king took away It was stolen by
thieves, burned, flooded, or carried away by an unloved heir. What
assets do we have? Even that wealth is gone. The punishment of this lust
They can see each other, they are suffering, they are their cause, they
are their stories. having eroticism It is the cause of all sensual
pleasures. look at the monks one more thing A quarrel with a king, a
quarrel with a monarch, a brahmin quarrels with a brahmin. The
householder had a quarrel with the householder. A mother quarrels with
her son. A son quarrels with his mother is good. A father quarrels with
his son. A son quarrels with his father. Brothers and sisters quarreling
with sister is good. Sister and sister are good at quarreling with
brothers. A quarrel with a comrade is good. because there is eroticism
as a cause, eroticism is a fairy tale, there is eroticism as a lust It
is the cause of all sensual pleasures. The people quarreled with each
other. because of that lust They killed each other with their palms.
with some clay with some logs with some science. Some of them would die.
about some death because of the slaughter. The punishment of this lust
They can see each other as a heap of suffering, with sensuality as a
cause. There is eroticism as a fairy tale having eroticism It is the
cause of all sensual pleasures. look at the monks one more thing The
people held swords and shields and held bows and pierced them. They
entered into a war that was coming close to each other, when both sides
raised some arrows, some spears, some fencing. Some of those people shot
with arrows. Plunge with a spear, and cut off their heads with a sword,
in war because of eroticism. There is eroticism as a fairy tale having
eroticism cause of eroticism All of them. Some of those people would
die. to some death in that war. Look, monks. The punishment of this lust
They can see each other as a heap of suffering, with sensuality as a
cause. There is eroticism as a fairy tale having eroticism It is the
cause of all sensual pleasures. look at the monks one more thing The
people held swords and shields and held bows and pierced them. into a
fort with some plaster painted on the sides. When both sides fired some
arrows, some spears, some sword fights, they fired with arrows. with
spear There are overflowing with ugly lanterns, overlapping with the
heavens over the chasm. There was also beheading with a sword, and in
that war there was eroticism, eroticism as fairy tales, eroticism as
lust. It is the cause of all sensual pleasures. Some of those people
would die.

to some death in that war. look at the monks The punishment of this lust
They can see each other as a pile of suffering, with sensuality as a
cause. There is eroticism as a fairy tale having eroticism This is the
cause of all sensual pleasures. Again, monks, thieves Some connected
cuttings rob every house. robbed only one house Trapped in a lonely way
some adultery with another man\'s wife because of eroticism There is
eroticism as a fairy tale having eroticism It is the cause of all
sensual pleasures. The royal men caught those thieves. To do various
deeds: whipping with a whip, some whipping with a rattan, some hitting
with a short stick, and cutting off some crazy hands. D. Cut some feet,
etc., some cut off their heads with a sword, some of those bandits would
be fatal. to some death Because of this deed, monks, the punishment of
sensual pleasures is clearly seen. erotic as a cause There is eroticism
as a fairy tale having eroticism cause of eroticism All of them. look at
the monks one more thing People commit corruption through body, speech,
and mind because of sensual pleasures. There is eroticism as a fairy
tale having eroticism It is the cause of all sensual pleasures. Those
people, when their body is corrupted, their speech is corrupted, their
mind is broken, and when their bodies are broken, they die. can reach
the vices of hell. Look at the monks. Many of the penalties of
sensuality, though, are present in the universe, as a heap of suffering,
with sensuality as the cause. There is eroticism as a fairy tale having
eroticism It is the cause of all sensual pleasures. The word seeing the
blame in your sensual pleasures means seeing, comparing, contemplating,
making it apparent. which is blamed on sensual pleasures, therefore it
is called seeing blame on sensual pleasures. One should travel alone
like the horn of a rhinoceros. Therefore, the individual Buddha said:
Well, all sensual pleasures are delightful, pleasing to the mind,
suffocating the mind with all kinds of emotions. One who sees the blame
in sensual pleasures, one should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. An
arrow is a danger. A person sees this danger. in your sensual pleasures
One should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. \[727\] Know in
the judgment that all sensual pleasures are stings, abscesses,
sinisters, sicknesses, sons. The arrow is a danger as follows: Bhikkhus,
the word is perilous, distressing, diseased, as an abscess, as an
affliction, as an animal, as a bosom, as a pregnancy. All of them are
the names of sensual pleasures. look at the monks So why is the word
\"dangerous\" the name of sensuality? Look, monks. This beast is
lustful. which I am grateful to be bound is not escaped from danger even
if there is, at present is not escaped from danger even in modern times
the end of the world, therefore this word of danger It is the name of
the erotic. look at the monks Why is it that the word suffering is a
disease, it is like an abscess?

Relationships are animals, they are stubble, they are pregnant, hence
the name of eroticism? Monks, this being is lustful. which I am grateful
to be bound It does not escape from the present, even if it is present.
Therefore, this word maternity is the name of sensuality. The human
beast had already sat down. Pleasant sensuality accompanies fetal
beings. Because of those sensual pleasures, the wise say, as peril, as
suffering, as a disease, as an abscess, as an affliction, Animals are
scum and are pregnant. Bhikkhus, whenever a bhikkhu does not abandon his
meditation, then that bhikkhu enters the sultry like a muddy road,
difficult to cross, he sees a multitude of living beings. like that
Reaching birth and old, struggling. Therefore, this word is called lust,
sting, scab, sting, sickness, arrow. \[728\] The word, seeing this
danger in all sensual pleasures, means seeing, comparing, considering,
clarifying, making it appear. which this danger in your sensual
pleasures Therefore it is called seeing this in your sensual pleasures.
One should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. Therefore, the
Buddha said that this word of sensuality was stingy. An abscess is a
sinister, a disease, an arrow, a danger. The person sees this danger. in
your sensual pleasures One should wander alone like the horn of a
rhinoceros. \[729\] One who possesses all these dangers, namely cold,
heat, hunger, thirst, wind, sun, flies, and beasts, wander, and wander.
Just like the horn of a rhinoceros, therefore. \[730\] Coldness in
sitaca unha khudham pipasam, therefore, there are two reasons: coldness.
Chom Mee The ability of the elements within reappears 1 the great
coldness. with the ability of the outside seasons 1. The heat in the
word \"temperature\" can be for two reasons, namely, heat is also
capable of of the internal elements aggravated 1 the heat is good and
able of the seasons outside The dish says Pipasa. Therefore it is called
cold, heat, hunger, thirst. The sire spec is as follows: the east wind
The west wind, the north wind, the south wind, the wind with dust, the
cold wind, the hot wind, the weak wind, the raging wind, the raging
wind, the wind but the palm leaves, but the wind blows. Take the sun, he
said the sun. Yellow-eyed insects, he said that flies, snakes, he said
that tigers Therefore it is called wind, sun, flies, and crawling
beasts. \[732\] The word dominates in spite of all dangers means
possessing, suppressing, eliminating, overpowering.

Therefore, it is called dominating. In spite of all these dangers One
should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn, therefore. The Paccekasum
Buddha then said that One who possesses all these perils is cold, heat,
hunger, thirst, wind, sun, flies, and beasts, crawling, and wandering
alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. After all, the Lord Buddha, whose
khandha is born, has the Dhamma like the lotus flower, who is supremely
supreme in the forest. like the Naga, which all horde The khan was born
and ready. having a body like a lotus, a supreme person, living in the
forest, one should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. Say va naga in
the words nako wa yuthani vijjayita as follows. Even the Paccekasum
Buddha is called a naga. The Paccekasam Buddha Why is it called Nak? The
Paccekasum Buddha is called a Naga. because he did not do evil, because
he did not arrive, because he did not come. The Paccekasum Buddha is
called a Naga. because of not doing evil, how? obscene morality causing
misery to be born in a new world to be *anxious and anxious It is the
place of aging and death. All the sacrifices and all the bindings has
been released He does not cling to all dharmas. He said that he was a
Naga, one who was stable and self-contained. The Paccekasum Buddha is
called a Naga. because he did not do such an evil deed. The Paccekasum
Buddha is called a Naga. Because it didn\'t arrive, how? Pacceka- the*
Buddha is not a consensus. not up to sati Not for lust, not for lust,
not for lust. not reached by anger not reached by rulers Not by power,
not by power not reach the power of appeal Not reached by vajikicha, not
by monumental power did not proceed Move forward with all the dharmas
that make them belong. The Pacekasum Buddha is called the Naga because
it is not like this. Naga Why did you not come? The Pacceka- \*The
Buddha does not come again, does not come back, does not return to all
defilements that have been abandoned by the Sotapatti-fold. with the
skatakami mak with the future with the Arhatship. The Paccekasum Buddha
is called a Naga. because they didn\'t come like this. The word is like
the Naga with all the hordes, the noble elephant has abandoned, and the
horde are alone. to go in the middle of the forest, to travel, to walk,
to rest

as it is possible to heal, nourish, heal, go to the forest, I have
omitted that the village went alone as Rhino horns are living in a
quiet, secluded environment, with few sounds, no rumblings. Without the
wind but the people It is the negativity of human beings, worthy of
escaping. The Paccekasum Buddha walked alone, stood alone, sat alone,
slept alone, he went home for alms alone, returned alone, sat in a
secret place. Single Athit Thanjong Krom alone He is the only one who
travels, walks, changes his posture, rests, heals, maintains, heals.
Therefore, it is called like the Naga that all hordes of people have.
\[735\] The word khandha is already born. Just as a tusk of a lotus is
the supreme being, that supreme elephant is born, that is, an elephant
seven cubits or eight cubits tall. *So, so are the individual Buddhas* .
*The khandha is born and ready by virtue* of the khandha, the khandha,
the wisdom-khan, the khandha, the wimuttikhan, the wimuttinyanthassan
khand, belonging to the Asekha. . Just as a noble elephant is an
elephant with a body like a lotus flower, even so is the Pacceka-Buddha.
There is the nature of the lotus flower, with the lotus, the seven
factors of the Bojjhanga, namely, mindfulness. Thamwiyasamphojong
Viriyasamphojong *Phiti- Samphojong Passatthisamphojong meditation
Upekkha Samphojong. noble elephant It is an elephant, with might, with
might, with speed, with courage, even an individual monk. So is the
Buddha. He is supremely virtuous, with virtue, concentration, wisdom,
vimuti, vimuttinanadassana. There is a person like a lotus flower.
\[736\] The word stands in the forest according to Apiramya means the
noble elephant. live in the forest according to my Even so, the
Paccekasum Buddha lives in the forest according to his desire. in the
forest Some of the first jhana, some of the second jhanas, some of the
later jhanas, and some of the chatuts of the forests, according to
Apirom. Have mercy on Jeto Wimtubchang, please, please Jeto Wimut.
Mutitajeto Wimut Chang Some are equanimous, jetovimuti, live in the
forest with some satiation. Some of the spirits of the spirit some The
concept of contracts brought some promises. therefore, it is said to
live in the forest according to the desire to travel alone to Therefore,
the* individual Buddha said that The Paccekasam Buddha has left the
people. have a good birth Dharma is like a lotus flower, supremely
supremely in the forest like a serpent. A khandha is born, he has a body
like a lotus, he is supremely trusting in the forest. One should travel
alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. \[737\] One should be right. For
whatever reason, it is the status of a person who rejoices in communion.
The person has already heard that withdraw. the words of the individual
monks Buddhist monks of the sun One should travel alone like a
rhinoceros horn.

\[738\] One should be aware of the judgment that a person should be
right and restrained. for what reason It is the status of a person who
delights in the mingling of the following groups. It is realistic
according to the Buddha\'s words that the Blessed One said: \"Look at
Ananda, a bhikkhu enjoys mingle with the group rejoicing in the mingle
comprising of the crowd rejoicing in the group delighting in the group
entertainment comprising of the group liking will be able to achieve
one\'s will without difficulty, without difficulty, who is happy in the
Nekkhamma happiness in seclusion happiness is peace happiness in
enlightenment That is not a position to have. See Ananda, any bhikkhu
who escapes from the group alone That bhikkhu should get that happiness,
that is, that he will get his wish without difficulty, without
difficulty, which is the happiness in the Nekkamma. happiness in
seclusion happiness is peace happiness in enlightenment That point is a
position to have. Look at Anon, the monks enjoy the mingling of groups.
rejoicing in group mingling, which is frequent group communion, group
bliss, joy in group entertainment, frequent communion, where group
passion is attained, which is attained by ceto vimutti. Was there in the
era which the uninitiated worldly way that did not exist at that time
was not a position to have. See Ananda, any bhikkhu who escapes from the
group alone That monk will have that happiness and hope. that is to
attain the ceto liberation in the present or in which the secular path
does not begin to arise that does not exist in that period It is a
position that can be obtained. Therefore, why should a person be right
in the liberation that exists in the present? Mu, province. \[739\] Phra
Suriya said that the sun in the upheath is Adijjapanthussa vajo nisamma
as follows. descent. Even the Paccekasum Buddha was a genius, even the
Paccekasum Buddha was a relative. ethnic By the descent of the sun.
Because of that, the Buddha- \*Pacekasam-Buddha is called a race. of the
Sun. The word has been heard, which is withdrawn. the words of the
individual monks Buddha, the race of the sun the meaning of having heard
and studied the memory, which has been revoked Yak Kham is a sermon, a
sermon, of a tribal Paccekasum Buddha. of the sun, therefore it is
called heard The words of the Paccekasum Buddha, the race of the Sun,
should travel alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. The Paccekasum Buddha
then said that A person should be correct For what reason was there in
the present, that is the status of a person who delights in the
communion of the masses. A person has heard the words of the Paccekasum
Buddha, a race. of the sun One should wander alone like a rhinoceros
horn, therefore. which the view which is the thorns and thorns has
reached, which is defined by the way already have a specific path An
intellect has arisen that others do not need to advise. should travel
alone as

Rhino horn therefore. \[741\] Sakkaya Ditthi has 20 objects. Ditthi is
said to be a thorn in the upheath as Ditthi-visukani upatiwatto *as
follows. not heard in this world not seeing the noble one, not wise in
the noble dharma, not being guided in the noble dharma did not see the
beast not wise in the Dharma of The faithful are not guided in the
dharma of the faithful. Some see form in self, some see form in self, or
see form in self. Do you see yourself in the form? Seeing suffering by
being ... seeing promise by being ... seeing body as being ... seeing
spirit as being, seeing self as having spirit. see the spirit in them
see yourself in the spirit Ditthi saw it this way, ditthi is gone,
ditthi is raging, ditthi is thorny. Ditthika Wat Kwae Chong Perspectives
are virtues, stubbornness, clinging, clinging, humiliation, wrong way,
wrongdoing, ideology, guilt-seeking. warp perversion, misconception,
truth in Matters about Anan no Ric Ditthi 62. These are thorny views.
The word has passed, the word has passed, has passed, has passed, which
Ditthi is thorns, therefore it is called tragic, and view is thorns.
\[742\] The Four Paths and the Noble Eightfold Paths are: SammƒÅditthi
... SammƒÅdhi. It is said that the path is defined in the context of
Patto niyama patilthamago as follows: I have assembled it, it is ready.
I have made it known in the 4 Noble Path, therefore it is called the
path that has reached the definition. The word that there is a specific
path means that there is a path. already have a specific path There is a
path that has been attained, and there is a path that is correct,
therefore it is called the path that has been reached. There is already
a specific path. \[743\] The word enlightened has arisen. which others
do not need to suggest, meaning that the Pacceka -* fully enlightened
Buddha has arisen arisen, arisen, arisen only, arisen, i.e.
consciousness arises, arisen, arisen, arisen only arise, it appears that
all beings are impermanent, all beings are suffering. All dharmas are
selfless. Something happens naturally. the whole thing All of them are
naturally fading away, therefore they are called enlightened ones. The
word that others do not have to advise means that the Buddha, which
others do not have to advise, is not to believe. Ouch No other person is
an insensitive factor because others are not passionate, sensible.
Knowing and seeing as it really is All sankharas are impermanent, etc.
Whatever happens naturally, they are all non-existent. cessation is
natural, therefore it is called a person who has arisen insight. which
others do not need to advise should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn;
therefore, The Paccekasum Buddha then said that We have passed away the
thorny views.

which the way defines already have a specific path has already arisen,
which others do not need to advise. One should wander alone like a
rhinoceros horn. \[744\] The Pagan Buddha is not greedy, does not lie,
is not thirsty, has no reproach. With sin as astringent and eradicated
delusion, there is no hope in the whole world. One should travel alone
like a rhinoceros horn, therefore. Oh nippipaso, thus: this greed-based
desire The Paccekasam Buddha had abandoned it and cut it off and made it
impossible to exist. The location is like Tan Yod Duan. to the absence
later not to happen any more naturally, for that reason, the
Pacceka-Buddha is not greedy. There are 3 objects of lie in the word
non-lie: the object of lie is part of the addiction factor 1, the object
of lie It is part of the attitude 1 The object of lies is part of the
Dharma speaking 1. The object of the lie is its part. What is factor
addiction? The householders in this world welcome bhikkhus with robes,
alms, senasanas, and medicinal materials. The bhikkhu has a lewd desire,
which the desire possesses. There is a need for robes, alms, senas, and
kilan - pharmaceutical *factors. Aim for being very personable Resigned
from receiving robes, alms rounds, Senasana and Kilankhaphat Pharmacy.
She said this as to what the monks would wish for, the monks were of
great value. Will travel to pick old clothes from the forest, shed from
other piles of rubbish. some from the market and then make some
sacrifices -* consume, that is appropriate. What will the monks do with
alms? monks should feed sustenance from the food obtained from the
cabbage. by wandering That is appropriate. The priest will wish Anything
with Senasana is valuable. The monk should stay at the base of the tree
or stay in the open place. That is appropriate. What will the priest
want with a click? This is a valuable factor in pharmaceutical services.
Priests should make some medicine with rotten mites. with a piece of
porridge That is appropriate. She is very energetic, eats the sad, dull
alms. Use the sorrowful Senasana addicted to the depressing and
sorrowful pharmacological factor. The householders knew that form of
monks very well. This monk had little desire. secluded, secluded,
unrelated preach perseverance is a person who has a speech that has been
eliminated He was very pleased with robes, alms, senas, and medicinal
herbs. The monk said like this, a believing clan. will attain a lot of
merit because of three factors at the same time, namely, a believing
clan\'s son will experience a lot of merit because of having faith
together 1 because there are Thai Dharma Page 1 because Thakhinaya with
the front page 1. All of you have this faith. The Thai Dharma is
present, and the Atma, the Sixth Patriarch, exists. If I will not accept
because I did not accept All of you will lose merit. I have no desire
for this factor, but I will accept it for support. Your Excellency,
monks.

who aims to be very covetous, receives many robes, receives many alms.
Get a lot of salvation, get a kilan - *a great pharmacological factor.
Lies, lies, lies, lies, so you see, you say that the object of lies is
part of the addiction. The object of lies is part of the enemy. Why do
you act? Some monks in this religion have obscene desires that dominate.
wanting to be glorified, thought that the community would glorify me in
this manner Standing, sitting, laying, walking I want to stand, I sit, I
sit, I sit, I walk A bhikkhu meditating, standing like a bhikkhu
meditating, sitting like a bhikkhu meditating. Lying down like a monk,
meditating is like meditating in the presence of human beings. Set the
posture of a person with a thick smile. a lie Seeing this, he said that
the object Avoid lies as part of your posture. Why is the object of lies
part of the Dharma speaking? Some monks in this religion lustful the
desire to dominate wishing to be praised by Damwiwi, the community will
praise us by saying this. So he said the words based on the noble
dharma, that is to say, the monk who uses the robes sees it like this is
very powerful, the monk who uses the bowl sees it like this. Use a metal
vessel that sees this Use a water-proof cloth like this. Use the dart
you see like this. Use the shoes you see like this, use the waist
support you see like this Use the yoke line like this. Very powerful.
and said that a monk with a preceptor See this birthmark is very
powerful. A monk who had a teacher saw it like this, an investigator and
a preceptor saw it like this. There were fellow monks who saw it like
this. There are people who are friendly like this. There are friends who
have seen each other like this. There are friends who have seen each
other like this. A friend saw this Very powerful. and said, The monk in
the sanctuary sees like this and is so powerful; he who dwells in a shed
with a single strip of roof sees it like this. The inhabitants of the
bald house saw this. Those in the cave see like this, those in the kudi
see like this, those in the boat Nayod saw it like this, the people in
the fort saw it like this. The inhabitants saw this, the inhabitants saw
this. The inhabitants saw this, the inhabitants saw this. This person at
the foot of the tree saw this very powerful, besides the monk who bowed
Face than a person who bows down a smile - Face* than a person with a
smile a liar than a liar the one who talks more than the talker One who
is praised by others according to one\'s mouth speaks such profound and
subtle revelations of seclusion and nirvana that the wise man conceals
that This recluse was able to see such a peaceful meditation sanctuary.
The smile, the smile, the lie, the misbehavior, the liar sees it like
this. He said that the object of Lies are part of speaking idioms. These
three objects of lies are abandoned, cut off, and at peace. and then
suspend it so that this may not happen. Burned with fire is the spirit.
Because of that, the individual monks do not lie. Craving, lust, saraga,
etc. Abhijha lobha akusalamun, he said that thirst, in the word no
thirst. the lust that causes thirst The Paccekasama Buddha had left, the
root had been cut off. not to have a location like Tan Yod Duan to the
non-existence later, so that it does not happen again because of that
Therefore, the individual Buddha has no thirst.

Hence it is called that the Buddha has no greed, no lies, no thirst.
\[746\] Disgraceful, disrespectful behavior defamation Jealousy is
called dishonesty in the country that there is no dishonesty. There are
sins like astringent taste and delusion that have been eliminated as
follows. The name Sin Dharma as astringent is lust, hatred, delusion,
anger, wrath, equality, etc. All aggression is astringent. each).
ignorance of suffering ignorance in all spheres ignorance in all
respects ignorance in all ignorance, ignorance in the beginning
ignorance in the latter part ignorance both in the beginning and in the
final Ignorance of all dharmas The co-dependence that arises is that
this sankharadhi Dharma is a factor of each other. ignorance, ignorance,
inadequacy only the ignorance, the unenlightened with the impermanence,
the impermanence. Indefiniteness assumes disagreement and disregard.
Impermanence, imperfection, bullying, ignorance with infatuation,
infatuation, ignorance are void. Avijja is yoga. Avijja is a monument
Avijja is the foundation Avijja is a network Avijja is a snare. Moha.
Akusala Mun. Named Moha. Blasphemy, sinful nature as astringent and
delusional. The Bodhisattva was vomited, eliminated, abandoned, cut off,
calmed, suppressed, prevented from arising, burned. with fire is wisdom,
that\'s why The Paccekasam Buddha therefore there is no malice. have a
taste of sin Astringents and rulers have been eliminated. \[747\] Lust,
lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha Lobha Akusalamul He said that hope in the
world is the one who has no hope in the whole world. the whole world,
that is, in all the worlds in all human beings in all the worlds in all
the worlds in all world elements in the senses of the whole world. The
word \"Hateless in all worlds\" means \"Hateless\", that is, one who is
free from lust, one who There is no thirst in all the world. hence the
name who has no hope in In the whole world one should travel alone
Therefore, the Paccekasum Buddha said that the Paccekasum Buddha was not
greedy, did not lie, did not Thirst, no reproach, sin as the astringent
taste and delusion, no hope in the whole world should wander alone like
the horn of a rhinoceros. Ignore evil comrades unprofitable Those who
are established in the Dharma that are not always should not consume
people who seek and careless by themselves. should wander like the horn
of a rhinoceros. \[749\] An evil comrade in the apostles said: Comrades
who are made up of ten virtuous dispositions say that the gift that has
been given has no effect. The sacrificial sacrifice had no effect.

There is no evil deed, no world, no next world, no mother, no father, no
living beings. Priests and Brahmins who practice good conduct to inform
this world and the next world as well. Self-knowledge, and then
proclaims, does not exist in the world as follows. This friend is called
an evil companion. The word to refrain from an evil friend means to
refrain, to abstain, to refrain. Avoid evil comrades, therefore it is
called to refrain from evil comrades. \[750\] A comrade who does not see
the benefit of anthadassi visame niut, as the sage said: Comrades who
are made up of ten objects, saying that the sacrifice that has been
given has no effect, the sacrificial sacrifice has no effect, etc. like
to inform the world leave the world Knowing itself is not proclaimed in
the world as follows. This companion is called the one who does not
benefit. always eloquent One who is in constant acrobatics Inconsistent
speech, in the inconsistent conscience, in the inconsistency, in the
inconsistent indignity, in the inconsistency of deceitful sensuality. in
a lie that is not always in impermanence In a never-ending touch In the
apocalyptic that is not always in a vengeful vengeance that is not
always in the inconsistency In the impermanent body, the one who dwells,
is attached, secretly, reaches, is enamored, is inconsistent with the
five qualities, therefore he is called the one who does not. benefit
located in The nature is not always. \[751\] The word one who seeks in
the world is saiyan seve pasutam pamattam, thus, whoever seeks, seeks,
seeks for sensual pleasures is the I behave in sex lewd focus on
eroticism Even that person is called a person who desires sex. Whoever
seeks form, obtains form, consumes form, is capable of lust, one who
conducts in form, greedy in form, heavy in form, leans in form,
transfers into form, weakens in form. picture Aim for the big picture
Even that person is called the one who seeks sensual pleasures. Whoever
seeks for a voice ... whoever seeks for a scent avid heavy in the palm
Lean into the palm transfer to the dart Go soft in the darts
Congratulations to the touch aiming to be a big Even that person is
called the one who seeks sensual pleasures. Negligence should be said in
the word pamattam as follows: liberation of mind, increased following,
liberation of mind. In a corrupt body In the word corruption is good. In
corruption is good. In the benjakama, you are good, or acts of
negligence. Incessantness, cessation of action, slack conduct,
arrogance, errands, lack of addiction, lack of development, not making
much. inattention, inattention In the practice of merit, negligence,
reckless behavior, negligence, you see it like this. He said negligence.
persevering and negligent people by themselves, that should not be
consumed, should not be consumed should not join Shouldn\'t take drugs,
shouldn\'t be helpful, shouldn\'t behave, shouldn\'t be willing

Behavior, should not behave and the one who seeks and the careless.
Therefore, the name should not be consumed by the seeker and the
careless by himself. One should travel alone like the horn of a
rhinoceros. Therefore, the Pacceka-Buddha said that one should refrain
from an unreasonable evil companion who is established in the Dharma.
One should not consume a person who is zealous and careless for oneself;
one should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. \[752\] One
should befriend a virtuous, virtuous, intelligent, knowledgeable person.
all benefits Eliminate doubt, one should travel alone like a rhinoceros
horn, therefore. Ja is a person who has heard a lot. a righteous person
who has heard to assimilate the dharmas that have been heard, that is,
which dharmas are beautiful in the beginning Beautiful in the middle,
beautiful in the end, with both the meaning and the consonants,
proclaiming the holy life. in full Dharma saw that It is the Dharma that
the friend hears very much. He remembers it, speaks with his mouth and
in his heart, stabs well with the view. The word Dhammadhara means one
who has the Dharma, namely Sutta Kayya Vaiyakara, ejaculate, itivuttaka,
Jataka, Upbhuttadhamma, Vedalla. Nonpahusutta, the righteous, should be
associated with, should be consumed, should be consumed, should be
consumed, should be consumed, should be consumed, which is why it is
called ought to be. A friend who is a scholar, a righteous person. There
are three types of people who are enlightened by virtue of the pariyatƒÅ,
those who are enlightened by enlightenment, and one who is enlightened
by attaining 1. Why is a person who is prudent by virtue of law? There
are some people in this world who have studied the Buddha\'s words,
namely, Sutta, Kayya, Vayakorn, Katha, Udana, Itivuttaka, Jataka,
Upbhuta Dharma, Vedalla. to that person Because it relies on learning.
This person\'s name is One who is wise because of the rule. Why is a
person who is wise because of ignorance? Some people in this world He is
an inquisitor, in Arahatship, in the Noble Path, there are the Eightfold
Path, in nature, in cause, status and status. The Buddha was able to
inform that person. Because it relies on asking questions. This person
is called enlightened because he relies on ignorance. Why is a person
wise by attaining? Some people in this world He has attained the 4
Foundations of Satipatthana, 4 Righteousness, 4 Organics, 5 Strength, 5
Bojjangha, 7 The Noble Path, the 8 Noble Path, 4 Common Fruits, 4
Patience, 4 Apinya6. that person knows the Knowing niruti. When knowing
the meaning

When he knows the Dharma, the Dharma is clear; when Ranuchiruti, Niruti
is clear. Wisdom in these three things is enlightenment. The Buddha came
in, got in, came in, came in, got in, got in, ready, assemble with this
interaction Because of that, that *individual Buddha is called verbal.
There is no enlightenment, no enlightenment, no dharma, what is to be
told to that person, therefore it is called the resolution. Ramayana is
more impartial. \[755\] The words have known all the benefits. should
eliminate any doubt, which means knowing thoroughly, knowingly, knowing,
comparing, considering and informing made to appear which benefits
one\'s benefit, the benefit of others, the benefit of both parties
current benefits The benefits in the universe should be eliminated,
subdued, neglected, alleviated, and ended. to the absence of which doubt
therefore is called knowing all the benefits, one should set aside
doubts and wander alone like a rhinoceros. Therefore said that should be
friends with people who are virtuous, virtuous, virtuous, accommodating,
and know all the benefits Get rid of doubts and travel alone So sleep on
the rhino. \[756\] The Paccekasum Buddha does not delight in play,
pleasure and pleasure in the world, does not mourn from the position of
ornament, is a true speaker, should travel. So going alone is like a
rhinoceros horn, therefore. Body 1, verbal play, 1. Etc. This is called
physical play. Etc., this is verbal play. This word \"joy\" refers to
being unrelenting. The word sensual pleasures means that they are real
according to the Buddha\'s words: \"* Bhikkhus, what are these five
qualities of sensual pleasures? that is, a form to be known with the
eyes that is desirable, pleasing, pleasing, lovable, seductive,
voluptuous. Sounds to be known by the ear, smells to be known by the
nose, tastes to be known by the finger. To be enlightened with a body
that is desirable, attractive, pleasing, seductive, voluptuous. Monks,
these are the five qualities of sensual pleasures, monks. Where
happiness arises through these five qualities of sensual pleasures, this
happiness is said to be sensual pleasure, therefore it is called sensual
pleasure. ... play, pleasure and pleasure in the world. \[758\] The word
does not please, does not mourn, does not please the play, the pleasure
and the pleasures of the world. He is without mourning, that is,
abandoning, alleviating, bringing to an end, leading to nothing,
therefore it is called not pleasing, not mourning.

\[759\] Named ornaments in Utheswa Vibhusadhana Virto Sajjavadi, as
follows: 2 types of ornaments, namely, the ornaments of the layman 1
Ornaments of monks, for example: 1. What is the ornament of a lay
person? Hair, mustache, flowers, scents, care products adornment Head
ornaments, turbans, dryers, massage machines, shower machines, cutting
machines, mirrors, eye drops, flowers, lip balms, face masks,
wristbands. Hair buns, wands, camera, swords, umbrellas, shoes, face
frames, fur fans, white cloth, long men\'s clothing, jewelry. As such,
this is the ornament of the lay people. What is the ornament of monks?
robe decoration alms bowl decorations, decorations, offerings,
decorations, decorations, playing, playing around, lust, versatility,
shrewdness which this tainted body, or which is the external state. This
decoration is the decoration of the monks. The word is the one who
speaks the truth. The Paccekasum Buddha is a true speaker, connecting
the truth. There is evidence, it should be believed, not to be misled to
the world, to abstain, to refrain from, to shake off, to escape, to
detach from its position. decorations having a heart without boundaries,
therefore it is called aside from the position of ornament. be a true
speaker One should travel alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. The
Paccekasum Buddha then said that The Paccekasum Buddha does not delight
in play, pleasure and pleasure in the world, does not mourn from the
position of ornament, is a true speaker. Like the horn of a rhinoceros,
therefore. \[760\] A Paccekasama Buddha, each child, father, mother,
property, grain, family, and all sensual pleasures should travel alone
like this. Arad therefore. \[761\] Sons, in the word puttam, in the word
puttcha taram pitta ram, there are four: one born from oneself, one born
from oneself. Born in District 1, the son he gave, the son in the
court 1. His wife said Tara. The man who gave birth to a child was
called Father. The woman who gave birth to a child was called the
mother. Therefore, they are called son, Tara, father and mother. \[762\]
Kaew Mukda, Kaew Manee, Kaew Paitoon, Sang, Sila, Kaew Prapan, Silver,
Gold, Ruby, Kaew Lai Tho. The dish said that the assets in Utosava
Thananitani phanthavani are as follows. After eating, he said, Thanchat.
Wheat, glutinous rice, glutinous rice, sorghum, millet, and glutinous
rice. Change the name of the food that was eaten first. There are 4
types of food that are eaten after those who are related in the word
Bhavani, namely those who are related by relatives, those who are
related by their clan, and those who are related by their kinship.
Ngnammit 1, group of people because of art 1, therefore they are called
Sap Thancharat, group.

\[763\] Named kama in euphemism hitwan kamani yatodhagani, as follows:
by exclamation, there are two kinds of kamma, i.e. kamma, 1 lust, 1.
Etc. This he said erotic objects. Etc., these he said were defilements.
The word abandon all kama means to establish self-awareness. The
eruption then relieved and ended. leading to the absence of defilements,
therefore it is called the abandonment of all sensual pleasures. The
word, according to the part, means not coming again, not coming back,
not coming back to the neglected desires too. Sotapattimaga does not
come again, does not come back, does not return to the defilements that
have been abandoned by the Sakadagami Road, does not come again, does
not return, does not return. The defilements that were abandoned by the
Anagami Path did not come again, nor did they return to the defilements
that were abandoned by the Arahat Path. Therefore, it was called Having
abandoned all sensual pleasures, one should wander alone like the horn
of a rhinoceros. The Paccekasum Buddha then said that Therefore, the
Paccekasama Buddha, his son, father, mother, property, wealth, family,
and all sensual pleasures should wander alone like the horn of a
rhinoceros. \[764\] This sensual pleasure is equipment Little happiness,
little joy, much suffering. This sensual pleasure is like an abscess,
therefore one should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. It\'s
good to be related, va bhavan, this is the name of the Benjakamakhun, in
the upheaval sangko eso paritamettha sokhayam, as follows. This is less
happy, meaning that is true according to the Buddha\'s words spoken by
the Blessed One. Note that the monks What are these five qualities of
sensuality? They are forms that are to be known by the eye, desirable,
pleasing, lovable, seductive, inviting. assign A sound to be known by
the ear, a smell to be known by the nose. Taste to be known by the
tongue to be enlightened by the body Desirable, desirable, pleasing,
lovable, seductive, voluptuous. Bhikkhus, these five qualities of
sensual pleasures oversee, monks. Where happiness arises, based on these
five qualities of sensual pleasures, that pleasure, and that pleasure,
we say: This sensual pleasure is few, this sensual pleasure is evil,
this sensual pleasure is obscene, and this sensual pleasure produces
suffering. This is called sensuality. Little happy. \[766\] There is
little pleasure in sensual pleasures, much suffering, said the Blessed
One\'s sensual pleasures, with little pleasure, much suffering, and
despair. much, much punishment. All sensual pleasures *The Lord Buddha
said that like a skeleton. Raphakh said that it was like a piece of
flesh. The Blessed One said: Like a torch. All sensual pleasures, the
Blessed One said it was like a coal pit. All sensual pleasures, the
Blessed One said: like a dream. All sensual pleasures, the* Buddha said:
Like something borrowed from him. All sensual pleasures, the Exalted One
said, like a fruit. All sensual pleasures, the Exalted One said: Like
swords and hounds. All sensual pleasures, the Blessed One said, like
spears and lances. All sensual pleasures, the Blessed One said: like the
head of a cobra, suffering

much, with much sorrow, much to blame, therefore it is called this
sensual pleasure, little pleasure, much suffering. that the matter is
good that worry is good It is the name of the Benjakamkun in the words
Kando eso iti twa tima as follows. complete It is a meeting of
characters. It is the refinement of consonants. This Iti chapter follows
the order of the chapters. The word wise person knows that This
sensuality is like an abscess, meaning a person who is wise, wise,
knowledgeable, enlightened, wise, enlightened, enlightened. Destroying
defilements is already known and compared, considers, informs, makes it
appear that This sensual pleasure is as an abscess, as a hook, as a
victim, as an objection, as an anxiety. This sensual pleasure is like an
abscess, one should wander alone Therefore, the Buddha said that This
eroticism is a companion. less happy There is little pleasure, much
suffering. This sensual pleasure is like an abscess, therefore one
should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. having destroyed all the
benefits like a destructive fish and like a fire that cannot burn the
shark come back to travel alone So sleep on the rhino. \[769\]
Santhaliyatvana sachanani, as follows: there are ten things, namely,
Kamaraksamyochana, Patikasanyochana, Mansamyochana. Thittisangyochon
Wichikithasanyochon Silaphot- *Pramassanyochon Bhavaraksachanyoj
Issasanyochon Macriyasangyochon Avijchasanyochon. Destroying all virtues
means destroying, destroying, withdrawing, alleviating, making an end.
to the absence of the ten fetters, therefore it is called the
destruction of all fetters. \[770\] A net made of threads, he said: Khai
in Uthessa shalaw bhatwa salilmbujari, as follows: Water. He said
Salila. The fish said that Amphujari, animals wandering in the water.
The fish have been destroyed, torn, and broken. Wandering around,
wandering, healing, nourishing, healing. There are two kinds of nets,
namely, the net is lust, the net is lust, the net is ditthi, and 1.
Etc., this is called lust is lust. Etc., this is called Khai Ditthi. The
Paccekasam Buddha is lustful. Forsaking the net is distrust, so it is
because he who abandons the net is lust. renunciation is Ditthi is
broken. Therefore, the Buddha -* Pakceka-sama has nothing to do with it.
without entanglement in the form of sound, smell, taste, touch sound
heard Known emotions Dharma to be enlightened, to be issued, to shake
off, to be released, not to involve, having a mind that does not allow
boundaries to exist, therefore it is called. like a fish that destroys a
net therefore. \[771\] The word, like a fire like a shark, does not come
back, meaning that the Pacceka-sama Buddha never came again. Returned,
never returned, to the defilement that was abandoned by the Sotapatti
road, not coming again, not coming back.

Not coming back to the defilement that was abandoned by the Skadagami
Path, not coming back, not coming back to the defilement that was
abandoned by the Anagami Path, not coming again. not coming back, not
coming back to the defilements that have been abandoned by the
Arahatship Like a fire of grass and a shark never comes back, therefore
it is called like a fire that spreads and does not return. One should
travel alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. Therefore, the individual
Buddha said, Buddha having destroyed all the benefits like a destructive
fish and like a fire that cannot burn the shark come back to travel
alone So sleep on the rhino. \[772\] Paccekasama Buddha He is the one
who has eyes that are downward, not illusory, because the feet protect
the organics. have a healed heart passion is not The passion fire does
not burn One should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn, therefore.
Nittacak Khunjapatalolo as follows: Bhikkhu How to be a
non-ophthalmologist? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline being
illusory because of the eye consisting of being illusory because of the
eye with the intention that We will look at pictures that we have never
seen. will pass through the picture had seen it before, then left the
monastery to Nonon monastery. From this garden to that garden, from this
house to From this settlement to another, from this town to another
town. from this state to that state from This countryside to the
countryside is a long-time traveler travel non-stop to see the picture.
A bhikkhu is one who does not comprehend such an eye. one more thing The
bhikkhus entered the neighborhood, walking down the streets, unaware of
the elephant army, looking at the cavalry, look at the army of cars,
look at the marching army, look at the children, look at the kumaris.
Ladies, look at men, look at the market stalls, look at the door of the
house, look above, look down, look at the small direction, walk. not
including this kind of eye. A bhikkhu sees a form with his eye, holds a
vision, holds a connotation, does not practice it. for the gathering of
Khuntree which, when not consolidated, causes obscene unwholesome
qualities, namely covetousness and Sadness can reign Not treating
Chakhuntree Not to the composure in Chakhunsee. A monk is a person who
is not conscientious. eye even like this. another like some of us
ascetics and brahmins who have given them in faith who is eager to see
the play that is hostile to charity, sees it like this: dancing,
singing, chanting, entertaining, etc., telling stories. Applause, ghost
play, kei try, picture scene, beautiful town. Outcast\'s play playing
around Funeral play, elephant crash, horse crash, buffalo crash, cattle
crash, goat collie, cock fight, quail fight, sword dance, boxing,
wrestling, battle, troop inspection, troop arrangement, army . A bhikkhu
is one who does not comprehend the eye in this way. The monks entered
the neighborhood, walked along the streets as a conscientious person,
not looking at the elephant army.

did not look at the cavalry do not look at the army did not see the army
on foot do not look at the pediatrics Not looking at Kumaris, not seeing
women, not looking at men. did not look at the market Does not look at
the door of the house, does not look above, does not look down, does not
look at the big and small directions, walks on. Even like this. How does
a monk practice the eye? monks in this discipline Not a person who is
ill-tempered because of the eye. Does not consist of being a liar
because of the eye. with recklessness that we will drew An image that
has never been viewed will pass past a previously viewed image. Do not
leave this monastery to another monastery. Not from this garden to that
garden, not from house to house, not from town to town, not from town to
town. Not from this state to that state, not from this country to that
country. Not longing for a long trip, stopping to look at the picture.
Another monk is the master of this eye. A bhikkhu sees a form with his
eyes, does not care for visions, does not hold consonants, and acts in
order to gather knowledge. which, when not consolidated, causes obscene
unwholesome qualities, namely covetousness and Sadness can reign will
heal Chakhunsee To the communion in Chakhuntree. A monk is a master of
the eye in this way. like some of us ascetics and brahmins who have
given them in faith who is not eager to watch the game It is an enemy to
the virtuous dharmas, namely dancing, driving, fanfare, etc. Watching
the army, monks are the ones who refrain from striving to watch the
game. A bhikkhu is a master of the eye in this way. Be aware of the
diagnosis in the country that not being illusory because of the feet as
follows: Because of the feet how? Some monks in this Dharma and
Discipline a limp because of his feet consists of being a person Flowing
from feet Leaving Monastery to Monastery ... From Country to Country, a
long-awaited traveler. Traveling non-stop. A bhikkhu is an idiot because
of his feet. one more thing A bhikkhu is one who possesses silliness
because of the feet in the Sanghara, is distracted, has a restless mind,
not because of benefit. I not because of the reason it was used leave
this area to that area, from this viharn to that viharn From this shed
to that shed, from this castle to that castle, from this shed to
another, from that cave to that cave. from this place to that place From
this cottage to that cottage From this canopy to the other canopy, from
this fort to that From this factory to that factory From this shed to
that shed, from this shed to that shed From here to that place, from
this place to that place From the base of this tree to the base of that
tree In the place where the monks sit together? As he was walking, there
was only one figure, and it was joined into a second figure. The third
or third form is the fourth figure. There was a lot of ranting, that is,
talks about kings, thieves, etc., about progress and decay. A bhikkhu is
an idiot because of his feet. The word not sloppy because of the feet
means that the Buddha is the one who abstains, abstains, shakes off,
escapes. associated with being a liar because the feet have a mind to do

no boundaries exist love the seclusion welcomed in seclusion to attain
inner peace consists of introspection Phokpoonsunyakarn, Pagjhan,
welcomes you in meditation, keeps on pursuing unity. heavy in his own
benefit. Not sloppy because of the feet. \[774\] The word \"protector of
the Indarajee\" means that the Pacceka-sama Buddha sees a form with his
eyes and does not hold visions. yes Consonants practice in order to
comprehend the knowledge that, when unconstrued, causes obscene
unwholesome qualities. That is, Abhijha and sorrow can dominate, He can
heal. Chakhuntree is complacent in Chakhuntree, listens to the sound
with the sniffing wart with the sinking. taste with finger rightly
touching with the body, enlightening the Dharma with the mind and not
The vision does not hold a derivative. practice for the consolidation
should cause the unwholesome dharma that is obscene Abhijha and sorrow
dominate, preserve Mani. The nature is the composure in the inorganic,
therefore, it is called the protector of the organic. The word having a
guarded mind means having a guarded mind, meaning that the mind has been
healed. therefore it is called having a protected organic and having a
loving heart. Privilege Yamano as follows: In fact, according to the
Sangha, Phra Maha Moggallana said, many we will show Avassut Scriptures
Sutra and Avassut Scriptures for all of you. Listen to the sermon, and
pay attention to it. We will say it. So the old man, as follows, said
Phra Maha Moggallana: Look at the elders Well, how is a bhikkhu a person
who is defilements? Elders, monks, who practice this Dharma and
Discipline Seeing a form with the eye, rejoices in a lovely figure;
rejoices in an unlovely figure. is a person who does not set up
physically and mentally There is little Dharma in mind, and that monk
does not know the reality of ceto-vimuti, wisdom-vimuti, which is famous
without rest of unwholesome qualities. The lewd thing that has already
arisen to you, listen to the sound with the sniffing wart with the
sinking. taste with finger Rightly touched by the body, knowing the
Dharma by the mind is good in the Dharma. love He is unlovable in
dharma, one who does not set his sights on body and mind. have a little
morality and that monk does not know the truth which cetovimuti, panya
wimuti, which is the utter extinction of the obscene unwholesome dharmas
that have already arisen to you. Elders, bhikkhus, say that one who is
enlightened in a form that should be known by the eye in the voice that
should be known by the ear, etc., in the Dharma that should be known by
the heart. Look at the elders A monk who lives like this, even if If the
devil comes in find that monk by ear, etc. If the devil comes to that
monk by mind The devil has a channel for a factor. Elders, it is like a
house made of reeds. or houses made of dry grass, rain shields can leak.
If a man takes a burning torch and enters that house in the east The
fire can get a hole. in the west, in the north, in the south Behind the
way above, even in any direction, the light can get a channel right now.
As you look at the elders

So so is a monk who lives like this. Likewise, if the devil comes to
that bhikkhu through the eyes of the devil, then if the devil comes to
that bhikkhu through his ears, etc. Even if the devil comes to that
bhikkhu through his mind, Mara gains the opportunity. In this way,
figure can dominate. A monk cannot control a monk. Voice can dominate a
monk. A monk cannot control a voice. Smell can overwhelm a monk, a monk
can\'t influence a monk, taste can overwhelm a monk. A monk cannot
control the taste. The dharma prevailed in the monks, the bhikkhus in
the dharma. These monks say that they are dominated by form, dominated
by sound. Dominated by smell, dominated by taste. being overwhelmed by
those lusts, those monks do not possess unwholesome qualities that make
them miserable. to be born in a new world to be anxious Suffering is the
place of aging and death. Let\'s continue to see old people who are
bhikkhus. Mr. L. Look, old people. How then is a bhikkhu a person who
has no desires? Elders, monks in this Dharma and Discipline I have seen
the picture with my eyes. Not happy with cute pictures. Do not be
displeased in unappealing forms. having a mind made up of immeasurable
dharmas and that monk knows clearly The reality which is ceto-vimuti,
wisdom, liberation, which is the cessation of the obscene unwholesome
states that have arisen, are heard by the ear, etc. I have already
informed the Dharma with my heart. does not rejoice in the lovely Dharma
Concentrate on physically and mentally having a mind made up of
immeasurable dharmas and that bhikkhu knows clearly as he is. Indeed,
Jetovimtu To you, the slain wisdom, which is the end of the obscene
unwholesome dharma that has already arisen. This bhikkhu said that he
was not enlightened, in a form that would be known by the eye, in a
sound that would be known. refrain from ear, etc. in the nature that
should be known by heart. Bhikkhus who live like this, if the devil
comes to that monk through the eyes of the devil, he doesn\'t have a
clue, if Even the devil came to that monk through the ears of the devil.
Can\'t make a reservation etc., if the devil comes to that monk The
devil\'s mind does not get the channel. factors. Look at the elders, it
is like a kutakan pavilion or a pavilion with thick soil and wet
plaster. Even if a man takes a torch that has been set on fire Going
into that house in the east, the fire was not able to pass through, even
if a man took a torch that was on fire. and then went into the spot of
that house on the west, on the north, on the south, on the back, on the
high Just as you, old people, monks who live like this, are likewise,
even if the devil comes to that monk through his eyes. The devil is not
a channel, not a factor. Even if the devil comes to that monk by ear,
even if the devil comes to that monk by heart The devil didn\'t get the
channel. Not a factor. For many monks, I normally pee like this, the
image does not dominate the monks. able to possess Voice cannot control
a monk; a monk can control a voice. Smell can\'t overwhelm a monk, a
monk can\'t control a smell, taste can\'t control a man, a monk can\'t
control a taste. The darts cannot dominate the monks. A monk can
dominate Dharma cannot dominate a monk. A monk can control the Dharma.
Look at you, old people. This bhikkhu said that the form, the sound, the
smell, the taste, the touch. Possessing Dharma. Those defilements cannot
dominate a monk. Monks possessing merit

obscene dharma that makes me miserable to be born in a new world Let
there be anxiety and suffering as the place of aging and death. Look,
old monks who are not passion It\'s already soaked. Therefore, he is
called the Elder. The passion is not wet anymore. The word fiery
defilements does not burn. It means that one who burns is passion, fire
is anger, fire is delusion, it does not burn, therefore it is called a
person who has no passion and is not ignorant of passion. Burning should
travel alone like a rhinoceros horn, therefore. Buddha He is the one who
has eyes that are downward, not illusory, because the feet protect the
organics. have a healed heart passion is not The passion fire does not
burn One should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn. Watered down, the
mark of a layman, holding a robe, stained with astringent water,
ordained Like a parichataka tree, it has dense leaves. One should wander
alone like a rhinoceros horn. \[777\] Hair and mustache, etc. The cloth
has a long man. He said that the mark of the householder in the country
is Ohar. Yitva gihipaychanani as follows. The word lay down is the mark
of the lay man; lay down is to abandon, suspend the mark of the lay man.
Therefore, it is named after the water. \[778\] The word is like a
parichataka tree with solid leaves. full alms and robes Like the
Parichhattaka, that is, the Thong Lang tree, it has thick leaves and
close shade, therefore it is called like the Parichattaka tree with
solid leaves. \[779\] The word to hold a cloth I was ordained, saying
that the Paccekasama Buddha cut off All secular concerns Worrying about
children and wives, worrying about relatives, worrying about wealth Hair
and mustache trimmed occupy the cloth ordained as a monk Access to being
a carefree person, being alone, going around, going around, taking care
of, maintaining and healing. Astringent water should be ordained to
travel alone So sleep on the rhino. Because of that Paccekasum Buddha
then said that Paccekasum Buddha Watered down, the mark of a layman,
holding a robe, stained with astringent water, ordained Like a
parichhattaka tree with thick leaves, one should travel alone So sleep
on the rhino. \[780\] Paccekasama Buddha Not enthralled in all tastes,
free of lusts that cause illusory, not enticing others, wandering
through alleys, having a mind that is not entangled in the family. One
should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. \[781\] The word in all
tastes is Rasesu Ketham, Akram, Aloelo, so this is the root flavor, the
root flavor, the root flavor. Bark, leaf flavor, flower flavor, fruit
flavor, sour taste, sweet taste, bitter taste.

Spicy taste, salty taste, pungent taste, tart taste, delicious taste.
Cool flavor, hot flavor. There are ascetics and brahmins who are
addicted to tastes in the world. those brahmins In search of taste with
the tip of the tongue, a sour taste is obtained. seeking a taste that is
not sour tastes not sour, then seeks sourness It tastes sweet seeks
unsweetened taste one acquires unsweetened, seeks sweet; finds bitter,
seeks uncompromising; seeks non-bitter, seeks bitter; gains spiciness.
After that, he sought a taste that was not spicy. The taste is not
spicy. then he sought for a spicy, and then tasted salty Seek not salty.
no more salty taste seeks salty taste get the taste and then look for
the unsavory taste one who acquires an unpleasant taste, then seeks a
sour taste; acquires a bitter taste, then seeks astringent; then seeks
another taste. Taste, then seek taste; Unpalatable; Taste; Uneat; Seek;
Taste; Cool, and seek. It tastes hot, and then seeks coolness. Those
brahmins had any taste. He does not delight in that taste, seeks other
tastes; then he is delighted with the enthusiasm, enthralled, fascinated
by the enthusiasm of all tastes. The pakcekasama Buddha had left. root
is cut off so there is no location like Tan Yod Duan to the absence
later not to continue to happen normally because of that The Paccekasam
Buddha scrutinized by ingenious scheming and then fed No, I\'m for play,
no, I\'m for intoxication. not me to decorate not me to decorate I so
that this body exists, so that this body may be, to heal afflictions. to
pay homage to the virgins with the blessing that I will get rid of the
old suffering will not let any new misfortune arise. There will be ease,
there will be no harm, there will be happiness, only through cooking.
People who apply wounds for their benefit will germinate indefinitely.
only or the wagons drop the axles to The benefit is for the unloading of
the load in a fixed time only. or a meat eater Just as a son for the
sake of his benefit will leave the wilderness for a certain time, so so
too is the individual-self-Buddha. So I\'m food not me to play No, I\'m
for intoxication ... I will live happily by eating food only for the
purpose. Buddha He is the one who abstains, abstains, goes out, shakes
off, liberates, is not involved. with lust for taste, having a mind that
is free from boundaries. hence the name It doesn\'t make you feel
attracted to all the flavors. The word without lust that causes vain,
meaning lust, lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha lobha-Akusolmalu, do you say
that causes greed? as a cause for flux. causing that stagnation The
Pakcekasama Buddha had abandoned it. The roots were cut off and left no
place. Set like Tan Yod Duan to the absence later Let it not happen any
more normally. because of that Therefore, the Paccekasum Buddha is
called having no craving which causes illusory. hence the name Not
enthralled by tastes, no cravings that cause illusory. That the Buddha
only feeds himself, does not feed others, I call the person who does not
feed the people, who is firmly established. Then in Sara Dharma there is
no taint. The punishment was shunned and said to be a Brahmin.

Therefore, it is called the one who does not care for others. The word
one who travels in the order of the alleys means that in the morning,
the Paccekasum Buddha was hung sobong and took alms bowl and robe. go
into the garden or the settlement for alms Having a mental body, healed,
mindful, unsettled, holistic organic. Summarizes the eye, with a sense
of humor, leaving one surname to suju surname. One trip goes for alms,
therefore it is called not to feed the people, traveling in the order of
the alleys. \[783\] The word having a mind is not involved. In the
family, a bhikkhu is a person whose mind is involved for two reasons.
that is, one who sets oneself low, sets others high, has a mind that is
involved One who sets oneself up high, sets oneself low, has a mind
involved1. A monk is a person who sets himself low, sets others high.
How are they involved? The monk said that You have a lot of wealth to
your ego. Atma, robes, alms, senas, and ceremonial aids, because of your
dependence on you, and others. for your sake Therefore it is important
to give or to do for Atma. The name and family name of Yomma Yom, the
former father of Atma have been deteriorated. Atmayamaya said that I am
the cultivator of the worshiper. We are the group of laymen. Because of
you guys. A bhikkhu is the one who set himself low, set others high.
There is such an entanglement in mind. How does a bhikkhu set himself
high and lower others? The monk said that I have patronage Much to all
of you. By relying on your ego, you have reached the Buddha as your
refuge. to the Dharma Worshiping the Sangha as a refuge from slaughter
Sexual misconduct, false speech, and drunkenness are liquor and
intoxication, which is the premise of negligence. Atma gives aid,
exhortation, tells the Ubosot, prays for innovation. To all of you. when
it is so You have given up your ego. Worship, respect and worship
others. A bhikkhu is a person who sets himself high, sets others low,
this kind of enthusiasm. The word having a mind that is not entangled in
the family means that the Buddha is have a mind that is not entangled
Concerns in the family, abbots, robes, alms, Senasana and Kilan factors
in pharmaceuticals. Therefore it is called having a mind that is not
entangled in the family, one should wander alone like a rhinoceros horn.
The Paccekasum Buddha then said that The Pacceka-sama Buddha does not
become addicted to tastes, does not have cravings, which cause
sloppiness and do not feed one\'s person. travel in the order of the
alleys having a mind that is not entangled in the family, should travel
alone So sleep on the rhino. \[784\] The Pacceka-sama Buddha has
abandoned the five mind-blockers, has shaken off all defilements and
defilements of the mind. Lust and view do not dwell, are cut off, which
love and hate One should wander alone, like a rhinoceros horn. \[785\]
The word abandoning the five mental barriers means that the Pacceka-sama
Buddha renounces, relieves, causes. end To reach the absence of
eroticism; Vengeance Niran Thinmit- \*Nura Uthachukuknuran Vijikicha
Niran, secluded from sensuality, secluded from unwholesome dharmas,
attains the first jhana, has a year of anxiety and thought. Happiness
and happiness are born only in solitude, therefore it is called that the
mind barrier.

\[786\] lust, hatred, moha, anger, attachment, anger, etc. All (each)
akusalaphisankhara is called the deterioration of the mind, in the
language of upakki. lese phayapanuchcha sappe as follows. The word
shattered, which defiles all defilements and defilements of the mind; to
shake off, to relieve, to eliminate, to put an end to to the absence of
which all the defilements and defilements of the mind, therefore it is
called the shattering of all defilements and defilements of the mind.
\[787\] Habits, in the word one who is lustful, does not rely on the
adhesion of anissito chetva senhadosa: there are two kinds: craving for
habits, 1. etc., this is called the habit of lust. Etc., this is called
Chaditthi Habit. It is called love, which consists of two kinds of love,
namely love with the power of passion 1. Love with the power of
passion 1. Etc. This is called love. Seize the power of lust. Etc., this
is called love with the power of ditthi. Named hate is malice, malice,
resentment, resentment, resentment, general resentment. always
resentment, hatred, general hatred perpetual hatred of mind vengeance of
the mind Wrath of heart, anger, angry expression, anger, hatred, hateful
behavior, hatred, vindictiveness, vengeful action. vindictiveness,
wrath, resentment, fierceness Dissatisfaction with tears,
dissatisfaction. Cut off love and hate, which means that the *Individual
Buddha is cut off, cut off, cut off, alleviate, bring to an end. to the
absence later which love with lustful power Love by power, view, and
hate, desire, view, not relying on eyes, not on ears, etc., not relying
on visible form. sound heard Known emotions and the moral Not
enlightened not inaccessible, not attracted to, not willing to go out
and shake off Not applicable having a mind that frees boundaries hence
the name Desires do not dwell, cut off love and hate. One should travel
alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. Therefore, the* Buddha said: Buddha
The five mental barriers have been abandoned, all defilements and
sorrows of the mind have been destroyed, craving, and view do not dwell.
Having cut off love and hate, one should wander alone like a rhinoceros
horn. attained equanimity and supreme supreme supremacy One should
wander alone like a rhinoceros horn. \[789\] The former words of
abandoning happiness, suffering, joy and grief mean that the Buddha-
attaining the Fourth Jhana, where there is no suffering, there is no
happiness, because of the abandoning of pleasures and sufferings, and
the extinction of former joys and sorrows; equanimity leads to
purification of mindfulness; therefore, it is called abandoning
happiness. suffering

joy and sorrow before. \[790\] Indifference, passive action. stop action
The cessation of the mind, the neutrality of the mind in the Fourth
Jhana, is called Upekkha, in the upheaval, Ladthanupekkha, Samatha,
Visuddha, as follows: Presence, Existence. Calmness, restlessness,
non-dispersion of mind, steadfastness, serenity, calmness, samadhi,
samatha, equanimity, equanimity. and modesty is pure It is supreme
purity, it is whiteness, free from sensual desires, free from
defilements. It is of a soft nature, worthy of action, steadfast, as if
to be unsteady. meditation and samatha, hence the name attaining
equanimity and supreme supreme supremacy One should travel alone like
the horn of a rhinoceros. The Paccekasum Buddha then said that The
Pacceka-Buddha, laying off happiness, suffering, joy and sorrow, had
attained perfect equanimity and samatha. One should travel alone like a
rhinoceros horn. preach perseverance for reaching the ultimate benefit,
having the mind that does not sag not being lazy have a steady effort
Reaching with strength and strength, should travel alone as So sleep on
the rhino. \[792\] Immortal Nirvana, the peace of all beings The
renunciation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, the
liberation of passion, the cessation of craving is a waiting tool. Yarat
said that Paramatthaprayochon in the way that Araddhawirayo
Paramatthapattiya is as follows: To get, to get, to achieve, to be right
to make the realm of the ultimate benefit have strength, to have a firm
endeavor, to abandon unwholesome qualities, and to reach the readiness
of wholesome qualities. not entrusting business in charity hence the
name Praying for perseverance to The ultimate benefit. \[793\] The word
has a mind that is not sluggish, and has no idle behavior. Energize,
endeavor, arouse perseverance, sustain the mind, set the mind to prevent
unwholesome unwholesome qualities that have not yet arisen. to abandon
the obscene unwholesome dharmas that have already arisen, so that the
unborn unwholesome for the determination not to be corrupt for
prosperity for fullness for the prosperity of the merit that has arisen,
therefore it is called having a mind that is not slack; Avoid these
symptoms. one more thing The Paccekasama Buddha upholds his mind, has
his mind set, and his flesh and blood shall dry up. will be gone To the
skin, ligaments and bones, however, we have not yet achieved the brick
effect that a person would expect. Attainable by the strength of a man,
by the strength of a man. with the diligence of men with perseverance

of a man will never stop his perseverance Even with these symptoms. The
Paccekasam Buddha Supporting the mind, set the mind that We will not
destroy this throne. As long as our mind is not freed from the taint.
because they are not confident. The Paccekasam Buddha It\'s called
having an indomitable mind. not being lazy, even with these symptoms. He
supported his mind, saying that I would not eat, I would not drink, I
would not leave the temple, and I would not lie down when the arrows
were not pulled back, which is craving. The Paccekasum Buddha is known
as having an unyielding mind. Slack has a behavior that is not lazy even
with these symptoms. The Paccekasam Buddha Supporting the mind, set the
mind that We will not get up from this asana. As long as our minds are
not freed from all taints. because they are not confident. The
Paccekasambuddha *is said to have an unrelenting mind, and not idle
behavior, even with this condition. The Buddha* -Pacceka-Buddha
supported his mind and set his mind. We will not step down from this
department. will not leave this temple will not leave this shed will not
leave this castle I will not leave this bald house, nor will I leave
this cave. will not leave this place will not leave this hut will not
leave this peak will not leave this stump, will not leave this house,
will not leave this house, will not leave this dungeon, will not leave
this dungeon this cone As long as our mind has not been freed from the
taint because of hold firmly Even with these symptoms. The Paccekasam
Buddha Supporting the mind, set the mind that This morning, I will
bring, I will bring well, I will attain, I will be right, I will
enlighten the Holy Dharma. That is called having an indomitable mind.
The behavior is not idle, even with these symptoms. The Paccekasam
Buddha Supporting the mind, set the mind that At noon today This evening
At the time before today\'s meal At the time after today\'s meal In this
early time, in this middle time, in this late moment. In this hotel In
this upside in this rainy season in this winter in this summer At this
early age In this middle age, in this old age, we will bring, we will
bring well, we will attain right, we will make manifest. The noble
dharma of the Paccekasum Buddha is called indifferent. Even with these
symptoms. \[794\] The word steadfast endeavors in the adhesion that
Dalhananikkamo asked Pluppanno as follows: That the Paccekasambuddha has
firmness. There is a definite goodwill In all the wholesome qualities,
namely, honesty in body, honest speech, honest conscience, giving gifts,
reconciling the precepts, keeping the Uposatha, being a mother\'s
helper. patronage of fathers Benevolence to monks Benevolence to
Brahmins Gentle behavior towards the elders of the family and in other
virtues So it is called steadfast effort. the word ray access strength
and power, meaning that the individual Buddha

Coming in, coming in, reaching, reaching with, consists of strength,
strength, perseverance, perseverance, therefore it is called effort.
Stable, accessible with strength and power should travel alone So the
horn of a rhinoceros. Buddha arouse ardor to reach paramattha-benefit,
have a mind that does not sag Indolence, laziness, steady efforts
Reaching with strength and strength, one should travel alone like a
rhinoceros horn. Never giving up on solitude and meditation, conducting
the Dharma as appropriate in all dharmas forever. contemplate the
punishment in the world All of them should travel alone. So sleep on the
rhino. \[796\] The words do not neglect and contemplation means that the
Pacceka-sama Buddha is the one who enjoys solitude, delights in
solitude, always attains inner peace, does not neglect. from jhana, not
leaving jhana, that is to assemble, to assemble, to assemble, to
assemble, to assemble, to assemble to happen of the First Jhana that has
not yet arisen for the emergence of the second meditation that has not
yet arisen for the emergence of tertiary that has not yet arisen or for
the emergence of the Fourth Jhana that has not yet arisen. Do not
abandon meditation with these symptoms. one more thing The
Paccekasambuddha is able to consume, to grow, to make much. The first
meditation that has already arisen. Secondary meditation that has
already occurred Tertiary meditation that has already occurred or the
Fourth Jhana that has already arisen; He does not abandon meditation
even with this condition. Therefore, it is called not abandoning
meditation and meditation. \[797\] Four Foundations of Satipatthana,
etc. The Noble Eightfold Path. Thammesunitchamnudhamjari as follows:
What is the right Dharma? practice proper practice Practice is not an
enemy. Practice is beneficial. Dharma practice is suitable for dharma.
Being a cause complete in all precepts, being the protector of the anus
in the organic Many knowledge of moderation in nutrition, frequent
composition. In being awakened, mindful, these he said that dharma is
appropriate. for ever and ever, meaning that the individual monks
practice, practice, carry on, maintain, maintain, and heal in all
dharmas. Forever and ever, that is, continually, in succession without
confusion. clash like water It is a continuous wave affecting each
other. at the time before meals In the time after meals In the beginning
In the middle In the late In the waning In the waning In the rainy
season In winter In the Summer In the early In the middle old age
Therefore, it is called proper conduct in all dharmas. Forever and ever.

\[798\] The word contemplating the blame in the worlds means,
contemplating the blame in the worlds, that all things are impermanent.
All body is suffering. All dharmas are selfless, etc. is a common
occurrence All things have a natural extinction, therefore it is called
contemplating the dangers of all existences. Therefore, the Buddha-
\*Personal Buddha said that The Paccekasama Buddha never neglects and
contemplates the Dharma for ever and ever. contemplate the punishment in
the world All of them should travel alone. So sleep on the rhino.
\[799\] The Pacceka-Buddha desires the elimination of craving, is not
heedless, is not foolish, has sedition, is mindful, has the Dhamma, is
certain, has perseverance. So wander alone like a rhinoceros horn.
Appamatto is as follows: Desire for the cessation of cravings means
desire, desire for despair, despair, despair, despair, despair.
extinction, extinction, despair The end of life, therefore it is called
desire for the cessation of craving. The word not underestimate means
that the individual Buddha is doing it by utmost. to act by contact,
etc., without heedfulness in wholesome qualities, therefore it is called
desire, despair, recklessness. Lamuko Sutva satima, thus: that the
Paccekasum Buddha is a sage, wise, wise as knowledge, wise, wise. Ya
Chaem Chaeng Has wisdom to destroy defilements, therefore it is called
not foolish. He holds that Suta, who has cultivated Suta, who has heard
a lot, remembers, keeps his mouth open, thrusts in his mind, thrusts all
the time, all the dharmas that are beautiful above. I Beautiful in the
middle, beautiful in the end, with both the meaning and the consonant,
proclaiming the holy life. Therefore, it is called \"Masiuta\". The word
\"satisfied\" means that the Pacceka-Buddha is mindful. Consisting of
extremely prudent mindfulness, remembering what has been done and what
has been said for a long time, therefore it is called not foolish,
sedate, and mindful. \[802\] Wisdom Wisdom, knowledge, clarity, etc.,
non-delusion, choice of dharma, Sammaditthi. Navas follows. The word
having the dharmas that is already counted is ready means that the
Pacceka-Buddha has the dharmas that are counted ready, has the dharmas
to be known. I have a dharma that is comparable. have fair consideration
There is a dharma that has been announced. The Dharma has clearly stated
that all sankharas are impermanent, etc. Anything happens naturally.

All things are naturally extinguished. one more thing The Paccekasum
Buddha considered the aggregates, considered the elements, then
considered the senses, and then considered the motto. already considered
considered fertilization considering the world already considered The
cycle has been considered. one more thing The Pacekasam Buddha is
located in the khandha, the supreme element, the supreme being in the
senses, the supreme being, the motto is the supreme. in the ultimate in
fertilization is the end In existence is the ultimate, in pity is the
end, in life is the end. In the body is the end, in the world is the
end. which the body that has in the end Any Buddha who is endowed with
existence, existence, compassion, namely birth, old age, and death, at
the last time there is no Buddha in the new life. . The Four Noble
Eightfold Paths said that the absolute dharma in this Niyto word is the
Paccekasambuddha. Consisting of the Four Noble Paths, it is said that
there is a certain Dhamma, that is, to be ready, to be correct, to
clarify, which is defined as the Dharma and the Noble Paths, hence the
name. There is a definite dharma. Perseverance, aspiration,
perseverance, progress, perseverance, perseverance, persistence,
perseverance of mind, unrelenting perseverance. Non-proxies Non-entity
Sustainability, viriya, variyintrajee, wiriyabala, sammavayama, he said
that in the word Pathanawa. It goes in, comes in, comes in, comes in,
comes in, comes in with this persistence. because of that Therefore, the
Paccekasum Buddha is called perseverance. Therefore, it is said that
there are countless dharmas ready. have dharma for sure, perseverance
should travel alone So sleep on the rhino. because of that The
Paccekasum Buddha then said that The Pacceka-sama Buddha desires the
cessation of craving, is not heedless, is not ignorant, has sutfulness,
is mindful, has the dharmas that are ready, has the dharma, is certain,
is persevering, should travel to one. like a rhinoceros horn, therefore.
did not flinch because of the sound like ha It doesn\'t matter like the
wind doesn\'t stick. that the net is not attached like a flower water
lily does not stick One should travel alone like a rhinoceros horn,
therefore. \[804\] The word not flinched because of the sound is like a
siha means that the majesty is not afraid. not anxious Not shaken, not
shocked, not terrified, not startled, not timid, not terrified, not
terrified. This is because of all the voices, even so is the individual
Buddha.

not panicking, not panicking Not shaken, not startled, not terrified,
not startled, not timid, not terrified, not fleeing, no fear of
cowardice. free from stupor Therefore, it is called not. I was startled
because it sounded like a hue. \[805\] The east wind, the west wind, the
north wind, the south wind, the gusty wind, the cold wind, the hot wind,
the weak wind, the wind blows with time, the wind blows, the head is
dull, but the wings are round but Garuda, the wind but the palm leaves,
the wind that blows, is called the wind in the word Vatow shalmhi
asjjamano. As the bird said, Chala. As the wind does not interfere, does
not cling to, does not cling to, does not cling to the net, spreading
two things, namely, the net of passion 1 and B. Jay Ditthi 1. Etc.,
named Khai Tanha. This is called Khai Ditthi. The Paccekasam Buddha gave
up his desires. I have given up on the net. because of the abandonment
of desire; because of giving up; having regained the view Therefore, the
Buddha is not involved, does not cling, does not cling, does not cling
to in form, sound, etc. in the seen form. sound heard Known emotions and
the dharma to be enlightened, one who goes forth, shakes off, liberates,
has nothing to do with having a mind that frees boundaries I\'m the
same. Therefore, it is said that it does not matter like the wind does
not ask. is on the net. \[806\] Lotus, he said, Pathum in the country,
Pathum, Vatoyen, Alimpmano, as follows. Just as the flower of the pathum
does not attach, does not linger, does not absorb it. There are two
kinds of attachments, namely, lust for one, one for one, etc. This is
called addicted to lust. Etc., this is called obedience. The Paccekasum
Buddha gave up lust. give up the addiction Ditthi is broken. because of
abandoning lust because he relinquished his attachment to the view
Buddha It does not get stuck, does not get stuck, does not get stuck,
does not get into the cymbals, in the form, sound, etc. in the form
seen, the sound heard, the emotion known. and the dharma to be
enlightened, one who goes forth, shakes off, liberates, does not
involve, has a mind that frees boundaries. I\'m the same. Therefore, it
is called not attached, like a lotus whose water does not stick. One
should travel alone when Therefore, the Buddha- \*Personal Buddha said
that The Paccekasum Buddha does not flinch at the sound, like siha, does
not interfere, like the wind does not linger. The net does not stick
like a lotus flower. The water is not addicted to travel alone. So sleep
on the rhino. \[807\] The Paccekasum Buddha has wisdom as strength.
Possession of animals They wander like a lion, having strong fangs,
subduing and dominating all flesh. One should eat secluded things, one
should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. Suppressing and
dominating all flesh, saying that Simarakaraj has fangs as strength,
that is, with fangs as weapons, to enslave, dominate, suppress,
eliminate, trample, and trample all beasts that travel. Carry on, treat,
maintain, heal

Even so are the Paccekasaka Buddhas. Wisdom is the strength, wisdom is
the weapon to oppress, dominate, suppress, eliminate, trample, which
with wisdom wanders. to carry on, to maintain and heal. Therefore, it is
called like Sahi The king has fangs as a force of repression. Possessing
all meats, traveling. \[809\] Just as the word should be consumed in the
secluded sanasana, just as the majestic king enters like a secluded
forest, wanders, travels, goes on, heals, nurtures, heals. Even so, so
too are the Buddhas immersed in the secluded sanasana, secluded, silent,
without noise, without any passers-by. should be given to the secret
acts of mankind It deserves to be avoided. The Paccekasum Buddha walked
alone, stood alone, sat alone, slept alone, entered the alms house
alone, returned alone, sat in a secret place. single Praying to the
Department alone One who travels alone, travels, goes, goes, takes care
of, maintains, heals. Therefore, it is called that one should enjoy the
seclusion, and should wander alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. that
The Paccekasum Buddha then said that The Paccekasam Buddha possessed
wisdom as his strength, riding and dominating all beings. Like a Sihara
with powerful fangs, subduing and dominating all flesh, therefore, that
Buddha addicted to seclusion One should travel alone, like a rhinoceros
horn. \[810\] The Pacceka-Buddha is consumed with compassion, kindness,
mudita and equanimity, which is liberation all the time when all beings
are not. f Hate to travel alone So sleep on the rhino. \[811\] The words
addicted to mercy, compassion, muttita and equanimity which are
equanimity all the time mean that the Paccekasama Buddha has a mind
filled with mercy. In the first direction, the second, third, and fourth
directions are the same, in this sense, above and below, across the
earth, and in all animals, in every place. The heart is full of
kindness. Of greatness, immeasurable, without enmity, without
oppression. The Paccekasam Buddha has a mind made up of kindness \... a
mind made up of mudita \... has a mind made up of equanimity. spreading
in the first direction, in the second, third, and fourth directions,
it\'s the same way, above and below, spreading across the world, all
animals, everywhere. Chai Jai consists of full equanimity. to the
greatness indefinable, without malice Therefore, it is called consuming
mercy, kindness, humility, and equanimity which is liberty at all times.
I hate the following because being a person who develops mercy, etc.
Therefore the beasts of the east do not hate. Animals in the west, in
the north, in the south, in the southeast, in the west, in the east, in
the east, in the lower in the upper direction In all ten directions,
there is no hatred.

The word \"unsatisfied\" means that all beings do not hate, do not hate,
do not anger, do not sarcasm, do not hurt, therefore it is called
unworldly. anyway The masses do not hate, should travel alone So the
horn of a rhinoceros. The Paccekasambuddha is addicted to mercy,
kindness, mudita, and equanimity, which is liberation all the time when
all beings are out of the world. Hate to travel alone So sleep on the
rhino. \[813\] The Pacceka-sama Buddha has abandoned all lust, hatred,
and delusion. Do not flinch at the end of your life, should travel alone
So sleep on the rhino. \[814\] Desire, lust, etc., Abhijha, lobha,
akusalamul, namely ragha, in the sense of raga, dos, pahai, moham, as
follows. Vengeance, etc. fierce Dissatisfaction leads to tears,
dissatisfaction is called wrath, ignorance, suffering, etc. Avijja is a
snare, passion, evil is called Moha. The word Lala. The words of lust,
hatred, and delusion, meaning that the Pacceka-sama Buddha renounces,
relieves, and brings to an end. to the later absence of lust, hatred,
and delusion, therefore it is called that lust, hatred, and delusion
have been abandoned. giveaway There are ten things as follows. i.e.
kamarakha, sacramental, sacrificial, etc. Sangyojana tea. The word to
destroy all samyojana means to destroy, to destroy, to destroy, to
destroy, to alleviate, to bring to an end, to the point of failure. have
later which all the merits, therefore it is called the destruction of
all the merits. \[816\] The word not flinched at the time of his death
means that the Pacceka-Buddha is not terrified, not terrified, not
terrified, neither Not startled, not startled, not terrified, not
terrified, not afraid, not shaken, not fleeing, the fear of cowardice
has been abandoned. free from stupor at the end time therefore life is
called not flinching at the time of death, should travel alone So sleep
on the rhino. because of that The Paccekasum Buddha then said that The
Paccekasambuddha has abandoned all lust, hatred, and moha. Do not flinch
at the end of your life, should travel alone So sleep on the rhino.
\[817\] Friends are useful for a reason. Therefore, they will join the
association as well. Friends today are not hard to find. All human
beings are wise and wise, they are unclean. (Therefore) one should
travel alone So sleep on the rhino. \[818\] The word \"friends\" is
useful for a reason. Therefore, they will associate themselves with the
fact that friends have their own benefits. benefit others as a cause It
is beneficial for both parties as a cause. Useful in the present, as a
cause, in the communion, is a very useful cause.

so they will associate, conspire, and mingle with them. Therefore, they
are called friends who are beneficial for a reason. Therefore, they will
join the association as well. \[819\] Friends, in the context that
today\'s friends are not difficult to find, there are 2 types of
friends: mitr- kruhattha 1 mitrbanphachit 1. Etc., this is called mitr
kruhattha. I. etc., this is called Chamit Banphachit. The word friend
today does not have a cause that is hard to find, meaning that these two
types of friends have no na, no cause, no reason, are hard to find,
therefore they are called Today\'s friend, there is no reason to find it
hard to find. \[820\] The word wise, devoted to one\'s own benefit, in
the context of attattapa asa asuji manussa, thus, human beings are good.
Conspiracy to engage in drug abuse, behave in a hospitable manner, sit
close to him and ask questions for his own benefit. Because of one\'s
own cause, because of one\'s condition, because of one\'s own actions,
therefore it is called wise for one\'s own benefit. The word human
beings are unclean means that all human beings are composed. unclean
acrobatics Impure speech, impure conscience, impure liberties. the
unclean adinnathan An unclean game, an unclean lie, an unclean lie.
Pisana speech that is not clean, speech that is not clean touching
unsanitary fish Impure enlightenment, unclean vengeance, unclean
distrust. unclean intentions Unclean desires, unclean intentions,
therefore are called unclean, that is, wicked, degenerate, vile, lewd,
vile, wicked. therefore it is called human. Many are wise for their own
benefit. It\'s unclean. \[821\] In the word alone, in the word ego, jare
khaggavisanakappo, as follows, etc. Jariya (travel) in the word Jare,
there are eight things, etc. It is said that one should travel alone
like the horn of a rhinoceros. The Paccekasum Buddha then said that
Friends are useful for a reason. therefore join the association as well.
Today\'s friends have no cause, they are hard to find. Human beings are
wise for their own benefit, they are unclean. (Therefore) one should
travel alone like the horn of a rhinoceros. ----------------- This is
Nidddes of the Brahmins who have reached the shores of this religion.
Brahman 1 Punneka - Brahman 1 Mettaku Brahman 1 Dhota Brahman 1 Upasiwa
Brahman 1 Nantha Brahmins 1 Meka Brahmans 1 Todeya Brahmans 1 Kappa
Brahmans 1 Chatukani Brahmans Graduates 1 Phatrawut Brahman 1 Udaya
Brahman 1 Posal Brahman 1 Mokharat Brahman King 1

Bingkhiya Brahman, who seeks the Grand Master 1, totaling 16 nittes.
There is still one more sultan suttanitas, two nittas, that you should
know completely. You have written it perfectly. Graduated from
Suttanittesboriboon. --------------
