    The Suttantapitaka,
    Volume 21
    , Khuddaka Nikaya Maha Niddesa, bows down
    to the Blessed One, the Arahant, fully enlightened Buddha,
    Atthakavakkika,
    the 1st Kama Sutta Niddesa, dealing
    with two kinds of sensual pleasures.


[1] The Blessed One said: When an animal desires sensual pleasures, if
that sensual desire is fulfilled that animal, that animal sensual desire
In the sense of sensual desire, there are two kinds of sensual
pleasures, in which subjects are: material objects, sensual desires, and
defilements. Slaves, goats, sheep, chickens, pigs, elephants, cattle,
horses, donkeys, land, money, gold, houses, estates, royal estates,
provinces, rural areas, armed forces, treasuries, and objects are places
of desire. One of them is called erotic objects. past erotic The future
sensuality, the present, the inner and the outer which are both internal
and external, bad, moderate, and refined, belonging to the beings born
in mischief. belonging to human beings, belonging to celestial beings
that appear in front of them, that are self-created, that are created by
others, that are cherished and not cherished. that we hold that does not
depend on our The dharma that is a kama or all The dharma that is the
shape of the whole cycle Dharma that is impermanent in spite of all
Dharma is the place of desire. It is the sensation of lust, called
sensuality, because of the point of being lustful, because of the point
of being lustful, because of the point of being the place of
intoxication; these sensual pleasures are called lust. What is lust? and
desires, desires, desires determination and desire satisfaction is lust
lust is libido pleasure is libido in all erotica erotic desire erotic
affection erotic passion, erotic passion, erotic passion, sensuality,
eroticism eroticism The separator is the kamma, called kamma. It is as
real as the word kamma. We see your foundation as You are born because
of your intentions. We will never think of you. You will not have this.
These sensual pleasures are called passion. The word When one desires
for sensual pleasures, it means that when one desires, desires, desires,
desires, desires, desires, therefore it is called lusting for sensual
pleasures.
[3] The word, if sensual, is accomplished upon that being,
saying, \'That being is an animal, the King. Brahmins, phaes, suts,
laymen, laymen, celestial beings, devas, or human beings. The word
sensuality is the form, sound, smell, taste, touch, which is called the
sensual object. The word \'successful\' means that it can be
accomplished, rightly accomplished, only by experiencing it, therefore
it is called if. That sense of sensuality is accomplished upon that
being.
[4] The word is surely satisfying, meaning that the word
\"sure\" is a statement in its entirety, a statement without doubt.
It\'s a statement without ambiguity, it\'s a statement, it\'s not two
parts. It\'s not two words. is not a combination It is not a wrong word,
this is certain, it is a definite statement. The word full is fullness,
joy, joy, entertainment, joy, joy, joy, joy, delight, pleasure, and
willingness, which are accompanied only by the qualities of sensual
pleasures. The word mind is the mind, manas, hatai, bandara, mana,
manaitana, manindara, spirit, khandha, and mind-consciousness that arise
from contact, this is called mind. Join, relate, join, occur together,
die together, have the same object. have the same mood and with this
contentment. The word \'considerably satisfied\', that is, one who is
delighted, cheerful, cheerful, kind, high-minded, elated, therefore it
is said to be contented. As desired, it is said that the word
\"acquired\" means \"acquired\", \"acquired\", \"acquired\",
\"acquired\", \"failed\", \"fat\", \"animal being\", \"person\",
\"living\", \"born\", \"born\", \"born\" (karma, \"man\"). Touching as
he desires, desires, desires, desires, desires, hence, that being is
subjected to sensual pleasures. because of that The Blessed One said,
When an animal craves for sensual pleasures, if that sensual desire is
fulfilled with that being, that being has achieved that desire. would
surely be satisfied.
[6] The Blessed One said: when the animal desires
lust When a prostitute animal is born If those sensual pleasures vanish,
the being is restless. Like an animal that has been pierced by an
arrow.
[7] The word when that animal desires sensual pleasures means
that when an animal is a king, a brahmin, a vigilante, a sura, a layman,
a monk, a deva, or a human being. lusting for sensual pleasures, that
is, when one desires, desires, desires, desires, desires, delights; on
the other hand, beings go forth, float away, and sail away because of
lust. Just as a human being goes, goes, floats, sails with elephants,
horses, oxen, goats, sheep, camels, and donkeys, so animals go forth,
float away, and sail because of lust, therefore it is called when. That
being is yearning for sensual pleasures.
[8] When an animal is born
with lust, the word \'jadha\' means pleasure in sensual pleasures.
eroticism erotic pleasure erotic desire Lust is eroticism, eroticism,
eroticism, sensual attachment, eroticism, sensual attachment, sensual
attachment, eroticism, sensual desire. Satisfaction in sensual pleasures
is born, born, born, born, only born, it appears to that being. The word
beast is the beast, the lord, the man, the person, the living, the
being, the beast, the kamma, the human being, therefore it is said that
when an animal is born with passion.
[9] \"If those sensual pleasures
are depleted, there is a saying that some of those sensual pleasures
deteriorate, that beings degenerate from all sensual pleasures. How do
those sensual pleasures disappear? stay there Some of those fortunes
were confiscated by the king. been stolen by some thieves some burnt
been swept away by some water being by relatives who do not belong would
like to bring some The animal did not find any buried wealth. Some of
the deeds that are not well assembled, the people who consume the clan,
who scatter and destroy those goods, are born in the clan. The
impermanence of wealth is the eighth. Those sensual pleasures are
deteriorated, damaged, scattered, leaked, vanishing, vanishing. How does
such beings deteriorate from all sensual pleasures? Still standing
there, that being moves, dies, and vanishes from those things. Such
beings are corrupted, damaged, scattered, leaked, vanishing from all
sensual pleasures. as true as the Blessed One said: All wealth has been
stolen by thieves, taken away by the king, burned, and damaged. with all
things because of death the wise man knew this some use Give some, then
give and use accordingly. He who is not blamed, enters the place, the
heavens. Hence the name that those sensual pleasures vanish.
[10] The
word animal is restless. Like an animal that has been pierced by an
arrow, it means that an animal that has been pierced by an arrow made of
iron who had been pierced by a bone arrow who had been pierced by arrows
made of tusks some who have been pierced by arrows made of horns; some
who have been pierced by arrows made of wood. Just as he is restless,
trembling, struggling, colic, hurts, hurts, sorrows, bodily pains,
pains, and despair arise because of all sensual objects. change to
something else The beast had been pierced by an arrow, a kamikaze. So so
too are those who are restless and tremble, struggling with colic,
hurting their body, and hurting their heart. restless Like an animal
that has been pierced by an arrow. The Blessed One said, when the animal
desires lust When prostitutes arise If those sensual pleasures are lost,
the being is restless. like an animal that has been pierced by an
arrow.
[11] The Blessed One said that whoever abstains from sensual
pleasures Just as one who avoids the head of a snake with his feet, one
is mindful, one is able to surpass this craving called visatika in the
world. All of them say that whoever is, what kind of person, what kind
of entrepreneur. who any kind Whoever has any status, who is endowed
with any dharma, is a king, is a brahmin, is a sexist, is a clergyman,
is a layman, is a deity, or is a human. What is the meaning of kamma,
lust, what is sensual object? Form, sound, smell, taste, touch,
pleasing, etc. These sensual pleasures are called sensual objects, etc.
These sensual pleasures are called defilements. He abstains from sensual
pleasures, that is, abstains from sensual desires for two reasons: one
by restraint, 1. How does one avoid sexual desire by restraining it? All
sensual pleasures are like skeletons, because their meaning is less
pleasurable. refrains from sexual desire by restraining who sees that
All sensual pleasures are like pieces of meat. because of the view that
it is public for many people refrains from sexual desire by suppressing
one who sees that All sensual pleasures are like torches. Because of the
appearance of being burnt, he refrains from sexual desire by suppressing
it. who sees that All sensual pleasures are like pits of coals of fire.
because it is very hot refrains from sexual desire by restraining who
sees that All sensual pleasures are like dreams. because of its
appearance for a short period of time refrains from sexual desire by
restraining who sees that all sensual compared to something borrowed
because of the meaning that it is something that lasts for a specified
period of time refrains from sexual desire by suppressing one who sees
that All sensual pleasures are compared to fruitful trees. because the
meaning is a gift to the king broken and let the plant fall refrains
from sexual desire by restraining who sees that All sensual pleasures
are like swords and knives, because they are teeth. refrains from sexual
desire by restraining who sees that All sensual pleasures are likened to
a javelin, because they are piercing. refrains from sexual desire by
restraining who sees that All sensual pleasures are compared to the head
of a snake. because it looks like a dreadful thing refrains from sexual
desire by restraining who sees that All sensual pleasures are like
bonfires. Because it looks like a huge pile of fire, igniting it by
suppressing sensuality. Even those who develop Buddhanussati He abstains
from sensuality by enslavement, even one who develops Dhammanussati
abstains from sensuality by suppressing it. Even the cultivators ...even
those who develop Silanus consciousness ...even those who develop
Jakanussati ...even those who develop devatanussati ...even those who
develop anapanassati ...even those who develop the ordination of
mindfulness \...even those who develop the first meditation \...even
those who develop the second meditation ...even those who develop the
meditation ...even those who are blessed ...even those who develop the
spirit ...even those who develop a sense of enlightenment He abstains
from sensuality by enslavement. How does this suppression avoid
sensuality by cutting off? Even a virtuous person refrains from lust
leading to evil by cutting off. Even a person who develops the Sakdakami
except for the lack of sensuality rough by cutting Even a person who
develops the path He avoids the subtle sensuality by cutting off even
one who cultivates the Arahatship. would abstain from sexual desire by
all symptoms. By all means, there is nothing left. By cutting off
sensual pleasures, by cutting off in this way, hence the name Whoever
refrains from all sensual pleasures.13 The word, like a person who cuts
off the head of a snake with its feet, means that a snake is called a
sappa. Because of its meaning, what does it mean? So the snake is called
Sappa because it says it\'s too stubborn. The snake is called sappa.
Because of the meaning that it is hairy, the snake is called bhujka. The
snake is therefore called Urka. Because of its head falling off, the
snake is called Panna. because he said he slept with his head Therefore,
the snake is called Sirisapa. Because it resides in a hole. Therefore,
the snake is called Wilasaya. Because it is said that it sleeps in a
cave. The snake is therefore called Kuhasaya. Because it has fangs as a
weapon, the snake is called Tathawut. Because of its venom. The snake is
therefore called Ghoravisa. Because of its two-pointed tongue, the
serpent is called Duchiwaha. Because it is tasted with a two-pointed
tongue. So a snake is called a serpent. Just as a man who desires life,
does not want to die, wants happiness, hates suffering, should avoid,
turn around, turn around, run away from the snake\'s head with his feet.
Therefore, he is called like one who avoids the head of a snake with his
feet.
[14] The word \'one who is mindful, one who is mindful, is able
to break free from this craving called Visattika\' in the world, meaning
that one is the one who abstains from sensual pleasures. All of them.
Lust is called visatika, which is lust, lust, contentment, pleasure,
enjoyment. desire with talent enjoyment The audacity of the mind, the
desire, the delusion, the fascination, the pleasure, the general
pleasure, the connection, the attachment, the quest, the deceit, the
creation of beings, the giving to the beings of suffering, the suturing,
being like a net. The likeness of the tide, the turbulence of the
various emotions Being like a thread, dispersing, aging, fading,
friendship, determination, leading to the world. addiction Emotional
affinity, intimacy, love, focus, attachment, hope, will, will, hope in
form. hope in the sound Hope in smell, hope in taste, hope in touch,
hope in fortune, hope in wealth. hope in children Life\'s hopes,
desires, animal desires, desires curvature animal coercion anxiety,
anxiety, symptoms of anxiety full of trepidation, aggression, good
desires, unrighteous lust Invariable greed, lust, manifestations of
lust, will, desire, goodwill, kamatanha, bhavatanha, vibhavatanha, lust
in the realm, lust in the impersonal, lust in nirodha, form lust,
satanha, gandha, lustful, lustful, lustful, oly Kantha, clinging,
obstruction, secrecy, secrecy, attachment, sorrow sleepiness anxiety
Being like a vine, desires, objects, the root of suffering cause of
suffering The birthplace of suffering, the snare of Mara, the snare of
the Mara, the vision of the Mara, the river of passion, the network of
lust, the chain of lust, the ocean of tanha, the Abhijha, lobha, and the
akusala-moon called visattika. Therefore, lust is called
Visatika.
[Announced in different moods] because of the meaning that it
vanishes, so that passion is called visatika. Because of the meaning
that it spreads, that Therefore craving is called visattika. Because its
meaning possesses lust, therefore it is called visatika. Because its
meaning reflects it. Therefore lust is called visatika. Because of the
meaning that causes wrong speech, lust is called visatika. Because of
the meaning that there is a poisonous root. Therefore craving is called
visatika. It is said to have a toxic effect. Thus craving is called
visatika. Because it is comparable to poisonous food Thus craving is
called Visatika. That craving spreads in form, sound, smell, taste,
touch, surname, family, address, fortune, rank, praise, happiness,
robes, alms bowl, senasana, kilan, pharmacological factors,
kamma-elements, non-elemental, non-elemental, eroticism, form,
incarnation, incarnation, necessity, nasana, universe, quadruple.
Vokarpop, panchavokarpop, past, future, present, drifting and fading in
the form already seen. Hearing sounds, smells, tastes, and touches and
in the dharma that should be enlightened Therefore, lust is called
visattika. The word in the world is the world of evil, the world of
mankind, the world of gods, the world of khandha, the world of elements,
and the sense of the world. mindfulness in the body The name is
conscious when cultivating feeling nupassana mindfulness in all feelings
The name is conscious when cultivating cittanupassana mindfulness in the
mind Named as one who is mindful when developing Dhammanupassana
mindfulness in all dharmas. One is called mindful. One is mindful for
all four other causes, namely one is mindful. because except for being
unconscious He is known as one who is mindful because he is the one who
does all the dharmas that should be done with mindfulness. The name is
conscious because he is the one who gets rid of all dharmas that are
enemies of consciousness; he is mindful. because he is not forgetting
all the dharmas that are visions of mindfulness. One who is mindful
through four other causes is called mindful. Because he is mindful, he
is mindful, because he is mindful. The name is conscious because he is
agile with mindfulness; he is mindful, because he does not return from
consciousness; he is mindful for four other reasons; namely, he is
mindful, because he is mindful. The name is conscious because he is calm
He is called mindful, because he is a calm person. He is called mindful.
because he is endowed with the Dharma of the faithful. He is mindful,
because Buddhanussati is mindful. because of Dharma Nussati The name is
conscious Because Sanghanussati is mindful, because of Silanussati. The
name is conscious because of Jakanus consciousness He is mindful,
because Devadanussati is mindful. because of Anapanassati The name is
conscious because of death The name is conscious because of the mind The
name is conscious Because of the upasamanussati. Remembrance,
remembrance, special recollection, reminiscence, reminiscing action,
memory, non-stopping, non-remembering, mindfulness, stamina,
mindfulness, right mindfulness, mindfulness, mindfulness of the path,
this dharma is called Mindfulness is one who approaches, approaches,
approaches, reaches, enters, enters, and is accompanied by this
mindfulness, that person is called mindful. That person is mindful. One
who is mindful, surpasses, transcends, transcends, transcends, this
craving is called visattika in the world; therefore he is mindful. in
the world, he is freed from this craving called visattika. Therefore,
the Blessed One said: Whoever avoids all sensual pleasures. Just as one
who breaks the head of a snake with his feet, one is mindful, is able to
surpass this craving in the world, which is visatika.
[15] The Blessed
One said: \"Whoever desires fields, land, money, cattle and horses.
Slave, inner people, women, comrades, a lot of sensual pleasures.
[16]
The word field, land, money means that the fields are wheat fields, rice
fields, mung bean fields, Rajamas bean fields. Glutinous rice fields,
tartar fields, sesame fields. The word land is a house, a barn, a front,
a backyard, a garden, a place to live. The word money is kaha-pana,
called money, hence the name: field, land, money. It\'s about the four
types of slaves. The word cattle, horses, slaves, people within means
that all cattle are called cattle, etc., are called horses. The word
slave means 4 types of slaves: slaves born within 1 slave bought with
wealth 1 person applying for access to life. The slave himself, the
captive who had access to slavery. 1. It is as true as the Blessed One
said. Some people were slaves by birth. Some people were slaves that
they bought with their wealth, and some signed up to become slaves
themselves. some people are slaves\
because of some captivity. The word inner person consists of 3 types of
men: one hired, one laborer, one inhabitant, therefore it is called a
cow, a horse, a slave, a man inside. female. The word kin are four types
of kin, namely kin by relatives. The name of the brethren Named as a
group of brothers and sisters by studying the mantra. Named as a group
of brothers and sisters by studying the arts. Names of comrades 1. The
word \"many of sensual pleasures\" means \"many sensual pleasures\".
Pleasant smell, pleasing taste, pleasing touch, therefore is called a
woman, a companion of many sensual pleasures.
[19] The word \"wish\"
means \"whatever word, whatever, how to do it, how to arrange it.\" in
any way in any position It consists of any dharma, namely, a king, a
brahmin, a vaisha, a sura, a layman, a monk, a deva, or a human being.
He desires in general, becomes entangled in all things of sensual
pleasures, therefore it is called that any person desires thereby. Then
the Blessed One said: \"What kind of people desires farming, land,
money, cattle, horses, slaves, inner people, women, comrades, a great
number of sensual pleasures. powerless passions will overwhelm that
person; dangers will trample on that person because of the danger
Suffering follows that person as water flows into a broken ship.
[21]
That person overwhelms that person, saying that the words are powerless,
that is, defilements without strength, that is, weak, weak, weak in
strength, vile, degenerate, degraded, filthy, slightly bad-natured,
those defilements dominate, suppress, oppress, overwhelm, eradicate,
trample that person. In other words, Saddha-bala, viriya-bala,
mind-bal-bala-bala-panya-bala, hirip-bala, ottappbala-not to anyone.
Those defilements will dominate, suppress, oppress, overwhelm,
eliminate, trample that person. He who is powerless, weak, weak in
strength, weak in strength, vile, degenerate, degenerate, lewd, slightly
hospitable, hence the name defilements. without strength will dominate
that person even in this way 1. What are the dangers that appear? They
are lions, tigers, yellow tigers, bears, leopards, wolves, cows,
buffaloes, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, thieves, people who
do evil deeds. People who are prepared to do evil deeds and eye
diseases, hearing diseases, ghana diseases, chirping diseases, physical
diseases, head diseases, ear diseases, oral diseases, dental diseases,
cough, asthma, the common cold, toxic fever, fever, lethargy, disease In
the stomach, epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease, leprosy, pox,
ringworm, eczema, epilepsy, scabies, scabies, yaws, warts, leprosy,
yaws, swelling Blood vomit, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo,
hemorrhoids, and sickness are the culprits. Pathology with phlegm as a
base Path with wind as a premise League of Nations Anxiety is born from
the changing seasons. The ailment was caused by the uneven management.
Anger is the result of perseverance, strength, and suffering of karma:
cold, heat, hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination, the
touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and roaming beasts. These dangers
are called the dangers that appear. What are the hidden dangers? Corrupt
body, corrupt speech, corrupt mentality, sensual pleasures,
vindictiveness, Thienmitthanuena. Uttajakukukjanuorn Wichikicchaniwara,
sensuality, anger, hatred, anger, bound by anger, neglecting you,
disparaging, envious, stingy, maya, boastful, stubborn, competitive,
arrogant, disrespectful of you, intoxicated, neglectful, all
defilements, all corruption. All the anxieties, all the fervor All
suffering, Abhisankhara is all unwholesome qualities. These dangers are
called hidden dangers. They are called dangers because of their worth.
Therefore it is called dangerous. Therefore it is called dangerous.
Therefore, it is called dangerous. Address of all unwholesome virtues
Therefore, it is called dangerous. How do they dominate? That\'s why
they are called dangers. Those dangers dominate, suppress, oppress,
overwhelm, eliminate, and trample that person because of the meaning
that they dominate. therefore called dangerous Like this. Because of the
meaning, how does it lead to deterioration? Therefore it is called
dangerous. Those dangers are inevitable to deterioration. for the
disappearance of all wholesome qualities. Those dangers will lead to
decline. for the destruction of these wholesome qualities? Those dangers
will lead to deterioration for the disappearance of these wholesome
qualities, which is right practice proper practice Practice is not an
enemy The practice is based on benefits. Dharma practice is suitable for
dharma perfection in the precepts being a protected anal in the organic
Modestness in nutrition, frequent composition in being awakened,
mindful, recurring in the four foundations of mindfulness, recurring In
the Fourth Prosperity Conversation In the 4th Anniversary Itthiphat In
the organic prosperity, 5 frequent compositions In the fifth prosperity
In the seven prosperous Bojjhanga, the frequent activities in the Noble
Eightfold Path are those dangers. would lead to decay for the dangers of
These merits. Because of the meaning that leading to this deterioration,
therefore it is called danger. So it\'s called dangerous, unwholesome,
and filthy dharmas. would occur in that state Just as beings that dwell
in holes dwell in holes, dwell in water, dwell in water, dwell in the
forest, dwell in the forest, dwell in trees, dwell in the trees. Thus
arises in the being, and dharma resides in the being, so because of the
view that it is the dwelling place of all unwholesome dharmas, it is
called danger. look at the monks A bhikkhu who lives with the
defilements that reside within He who lives with distracted defilements
is in trouble, without happiness. Look, monks. A bhikkhu who lives with
the defilements that reside within who lives with distracted passions
would be difficult How is it not well? Bhikkhus, unwholesome qualities
that are filthy, their thoughts wandering in a favorable mood. would
happen to a monk in this Dharma and Discipline. because he saw the
picture with the eye those obscene virtues would linger in the interior
of that monk for this reason That monk is called Those who live with the
defilements residing within, those obscene unwholesome qualities swarm
that monk. for this reason That monk is called One who lives with
another distracted passion obscene morality There is a mind wandering in
an emotion favorable to the senses, arises for the monks. because the
sound is heard with the ears \...because of sniffing with ghana
\...because of taste with lust ...because it was right to touch the body
with the body ...because I know the dharmas by the unwholesome mind,
those obscene dharmas. would linger in the interior of that monk It is
for this reason that a bhikkhu is called one who lives with the
defilements that reside within. For this reason, those filthy
unwholesome qualities swarmed with bhikkhus. That monk is called coexist
with distracted passions look at the monks A bhikkhu who lives with the
defilements that reside within who lives with distracted passions would
be in trouble, not happy like this, and therefore Because it is the
dwelling place of all these wholesome qualities, it is called danger.
Monks, these three things are unclean inwardly, unfriendly inwardly. an
enemy within What are the three things that are internally envious,
hostile within, greed, and unclean within? internally friendly an enemy
within an assassin within Enemy within, wrath, unclean within.
internally friendly an enemy within an assassin within an enemy within
rulers unclean within internally friendly an enemy within an assassin
within an enemy within Monks, these three things are internally unclean,
hostile inwardly, enemy within. an assassin within an enemy within. When
he had finished speaking this proverb, he continued to write the verse,
saying: Lobha brings what is unprofitable, greed causes the mind to
arise, and greed is a danger that arises within. A fool does not feel
that danger. A man who is greedy does not know its meaning; when he is
greedy, he does not see Dhamma; when greed reigns over the people, there
is darkness and rage for what is not. Beneficial for anger, aggravating
the mind, anger is a danger that arises within, a fool does not feel
that danger. A person who is angry does not know its meaning; when one
who is angry does not see Dhamma; when anger reigns over a person, then
that person becomes dark and ignorant, causing unprofitable things to
arise. Desperation arises in the mind, delusion arises within. A fool
does not feel it. A person who is lost does not know its meaning. A
person who is lost does not see Dharma. When delusion overwhelms a
person, then there will be darkness. It\'s because of the meaning that
It is the dwelling place of all these unwholesome dharmas. Therefore it
is called danger, realism, as the Blessed One said: \"Look at the three
dharmas, when they arise in the interior of a man, It arises for
non-benefits, for suffering, for ill-being. What are the three things?
would happen to not Benefit and benefit, for suffering, for the
well-being of a man, and wrath, arising in a man\'s interior, arises for
not benefit, for suffering, for well-being, for delusion. is not happy.
Look at the king\'s majesty. These three things, when they arise in the
interior of a man It arises not for the benefit, for the benefit, for
the suffering, for the well-being. Having finished speaking this
proverb, he continued to write another stanza: Lobha, hatred, and
delusion, arising in one\'s mind, eliminate a man with a lewd mind. like
bamboo fluff to get rid of bamboo Therefore, because of the meaning that
It is the dwelling place of all these unwholesome qualities. Therefore,
it is called danger, realism, as the Blessed One said: lust and hatred
are the cause. Born of this ego, not pleased with merit, delighted with
your sensual pleasures, causing goosebumps, sins and fears in his heart,
since this existence has bound his mind like a child tying a raven at
his ankle. Therefore, because it is the dwelling place of all these
unwholesome qualities. Therefore it is called danger. The word danger
tramples that person\'s genes. It means that those dangers dominate,
suppress, oppress, overwhelm, eliminate, trample on that person,
therefore they are called dangers trample. that people.
[23] The word
because of the danger Suffering follows that person, saying that because
of the danger, suffering follows, it follows that person, the birth of
suffering, it follows, it follows, old age, suffering ... path of
suffering ... death is suffering ... suffering is sorrow, lamentation,
suffering Heart, resentment ... Suffering is the birth in hell ...
Suffering is the birth of the beast ... Suffering is the birth of the
human mind ... Suffering is the birth of a human being. ... Suffering is
born in the womb as its roots. ... Suffering is established in the womb
as its roots. ... Suffering is born from the womb. ... Suffering that
follows the born beings ... Suffering due to the others of the born
beings. ... Suffering caused by one\'s own zeal ... Suffering caused by
the zeal of others ... Suffering is born of suffering. ... Suffering is
born from the body. ... Suffering is only caused by variation ... Eye
disease, auditory disease, slaughter disease, malaise disease, physical
disease, head disease, ear disease, oral disease, tooth disease, cough,
asthma, the common cold, pox, phlegm, stomach disease, epilepsy,
dysentery. colic, root disease, leprosy, pox, ringworm, leprosy,
epilepsy, scabies, scabies, scabies, yaws, warts, yaws, yaws, edema
Blood vomit, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, and
sickness are the culprits. Pathology with phlegm as a base Path with
wind as a premise League of Nations Anxiety is born from the changing
seasons. The disease was born but the management was not consistent. The
affliction born of perseverance, strength, the affliction of karma,
cold, heat, hunger, thirst, pain, feces, urination, suffering from the
touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and roaming beasts, suffering due
to maternal death. Suffering for the death of his father suffering
because of the death of his brother and The younger brother suffers
because of the death of the older sister and sister. Suffering for the
death of a son Suffering for the death of a daughter Suffering because
of the calamity of relatives Suffering for the calamity of wealth,
suffering for the calamity of disease Suffering because of the calamity
of the precepts Suffering because of the calamity of view follows and
follows that person, therefore it is called that because of the danger,
suffering follows that person.
[24] The word is like water flowing into
a broken ship, therefore water seeps in. Into a broken boat, that is,
water seeps in, follows in, flows in there; it seeps in, goes in,
inward, in back, in belly, but in side, because of danger, suffering
follows and follows. That person is suffering, it follows, follows,
follows, etc., suffering because of the calamity of view, follows,
follows, and follows that person, therefore it is called like water
flowing into a broken ship. The Blessed One said, powerless passions
will overwhelm that people, and the dangers will trample the genes of
that people. because of the danger Suffering follows that person as
water flows into a broken ship. Therefore, concerning one who is always
mindful
[25] the Blessed One said: because of that born beast Be
mindful at all times should abstain from all sensual pleasures, having
abstained from all those sensual pleasures One should cross the void,
like a person who thrusts water in a boat and reaches the shore.
[26]
born beast Be mindful at all times, saying that because of that reason,
therefore, because of that because of that because of that factor;
because of that tale; Seeing that penalty in all sensual pleasures,
therefore, it is called that reason. The beings that are born are the
beings, the living beings, the man, the person, the living beings, the
beings, the beings, the beings, the karma, the human being. forever is
eternity forever as one forever contact forever in order forever without
interruption Forever there is no between Forever, in the middle, in the
latter, in the waning, in the rainy season, in the winter, in the
summer, in the early age, in the Middle age, in the latter part. The
term mindfulness (1)- means one is mindful for four reasons, namely,
when\* develops Kayanupassana satipatthana in the body. It\'s called
being mindful. when cultivating vedananupassana satipatthana in all
suffering It\'s called being mindful. when cultivating cittanupassana
mindfulness in the mind He is called a mindful person when he develops
Dhammanupassana Satipatthana in all dharmas. It\'s called being mindful.
one who is mindful by four other causes; that is, one is mindful. For
refraining from being unconscious, etc., a person is one who approaches,
approaches, approaches, approaches, approaches, approaches. Consistent
with this mindfulness, that person is called mindful, hence the name
that being born should be mindful at all times.
[27] The term
\"abstaining from sensual pleasures\" means that the two senses of
sensual pleasures are subject to the subject: material objects and
defilements. 1. What is the sensual object? Form, sound, smell, taste,
touch, pleasing, etc. These sensual objects are called sensual objects,
etc. These sensual sensations are called defilements. One should abstain
from sensual pleasures, that is, one should abstain from sensual
pleasures for two reasons: one by restraining oneself by 1. to refrain
from sensual desire by how to suppress? when you see All sensual
pleasures are like skeletons. because it is a thing of little pleasure,
let go of sensual pleasures by restraining when you see All sensual
pleasures are like pieces of meat. because the meaning belongs to
publicity for the masses should abstain from sensuality by restraining
when you see All sensual pleasures are like torches because they are
burnt. should abstain from sensuality by suppressing it, etc. identity
One should refrain from sensual pleasures by tyranny. One should refrain
from sensual pleasures by tying up like this, etc. One should abstain
from sensual pleasures by tyranny. Therefore, it is called refraining
from all sensual pleasures.
[28] should cross the void, meaning that
those words are beings who were born Determines all sensual objects,
abandoning them, alleviating them, causing them to disappear, leading to
the later non-existence, which defilements are abandoned, alleviating,
causing the end to the later non-existence, which the sensual resonance
... vengeful Neyon ...Thin Mitthaniwan ...Udhaccakkukkujanivana,
dawdling, alleviating, alleviating, causing extinction, leading to
nothing afterward. which vicikicchaniva should cross, cross over, cross
over, transcend, transcend, transgress, transgress, transgress,
transgress, transcend, transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress,
transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress,
transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress,
transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress, transgress,
transgress, transient, transient, transient, transient, transient,
transient, transient, transient, transient, transient, transient,
transient, transient, transient, transcendental, bhava-oga, ditthi-oga,
avijja-oga, therefore they are called. one should cross the void.
[29]
The word is like a person who bales water in a boat and reaches the
shore. Therefore, a person bales, splashes, throws off the water in a
boat which makes it heavy. Already loaded Just as an animal who was born
defining the knowledge of all sensual objects, abandoning, alleviating,
ending up, leading to the later non-existence of desires, that is,
abandoning, alleviating, alleviating, leading to the later non-existence
of the kamma-neutral. ... vengeful Neyon ...Thinamitthaniwan ...Wijikit
Chaniwon should reach the shore quickly and without difficulty, so
immortal nirvana is called the shore, i.e. the Dharma is the suppression
of all karma. is the one who renounces all amulets lustful It is a place
of liberation, a place of quenching, a place of liberation from lust, to
attain, to attain, to attain, to know the shore. That one is called the
one who reaches the shore; whoever goes to the shore That person is
called the one who has reached the shore; whoever has reached the shore
is called the one who has reached the shore. Somdej indeed, as the
Blessed One said: A person who has crossed over and has reached the
shore, lives on land, is called a Brahman. that arahant Reaching the
shore with great knowledge to the shore by the determination to know to
the shore by to the shore with prosperity to shore by clarification; to
shore by accomplishment to the shores of all Dharma with knowledge to
the shores of all suffering by knowing Reaching the shore of all
defilements, by abandoning, reaching the shore of the Four Noble Path,
by progressing, reaching the shore of Nirodha. by informing To the realm
of all realms, by attaining that arhat, to mastery, to attainment in the
noble virtues, to proficiency, to attainment in the noble sacrament, to
mastery, to attainment in the noble wisdom, to proficiency, to
attainment in the noble liberation. that arahant To the shore, to the
shore, to the end to the end to the end finally to the end of the round
It\'s the end of the round to success reached success to the defense to
the protection to a secret place reached the secret place I have gone to
refuge, I have gone to refuge, I have gone to nowhere to the point of no
danger to the unborn to the unborn To the not dead, to the not dead to
nirvana reached nirvana The arahant is finished and has practiced his
conduct. There\'s a long way to go has reached has reached the end, has
reached the holy life, has healed, has reached the supreme view. has a
prosperous path Having abandoned defilements, stabbed all the time, did
not start There is a nirvana that has made it known There is suffering
that has been determined. There is one samudaya, and there is nirodha
that has made it known. has a prosperous path There is a dharma that
should be known the most that has already been known. There is a Dharma
that should be established, known, and there is a Dharma that should be
abandoned. There is a dharma that should be developed. There is a virtue
that should be done notified that arahant There is ignorance as a wedge
that has been plucked. have karma eliminated There is a lust that has
been removed There is no sign of the door, one who is far from enemy
defilements. There is mana as a flag that has already fallen There is a
burden that has been settled; there is a yoga and defilements that are
not involved. There are already five of them. consists of six having
mindfulness as the primary Dharma as a cure; having the Dharma as the
basis of the four There is a specific view of truth that is alleviated,
the pursuit of what is right, unrelenting, sublime, without obscurity.
having a suspended body have a good mind have good wisdom being full The
virginity is over. He is the supreme man, the supreme man, reaching the
attainment of paramattha. That arahant was not created, not eliminated,
disposed of, neither abandoned nor held, and then settled; neither sewed
nor raised, nor sutured; neither quenched nor swept away, then stood and
stood, because he is endowed with the virtues of samadhi. Panyakhan
Vimuttikhan Vimuttinyan Tassanakhan, which is Asekha thrust through the
noble truth and then stand Having transgressed this lust, he settled,
extinguished the fire, and established himself. located because people
do not have to go around took the top and settled because he was a
brothel Living with mercy, compassion, mudita, pure equanimity, living
in holiness. dwells in being unsteady by lustful views, pure mana,
standing because he is liberated located because he is a loner It is
situated in the final part of the khandha, which is element, ayatana,
motto, upapat, patisondhi, sama, vatta, located in the ultimate realm,
situated in the supreme body. He holds the most physical body. This
world is the most There is this body later, no birth, death, pity and
new life. Therefore, it is called like a man who bales in a boat and
reaches the shore. Therefore. Because of that The Blessed One said,
because of that born beast Be mindful at all times Abstain from all
sensual pleasures, when abstaining from all sensual pleasures One should
be able to cross the void, like a person who threw water in a boat and
reached the shore, thus completing the first Kasuttaniddesas. The people
are involved in the cave, the body.
[30] The Blessed One said: The
people were involved in the cave. He is a person who has a lot of
defilements already concealed. A person who, when settling in, settles
down in the lost place, such a person is far from seclusion. because all
sensual pleasures in the world are not easily neglected by the human
being. He is a person who has many defilements and has concealed it,
saying, \"He said the word he was involved first. But the cave should be
said first. The body is called a cave. The word \"good body\" is good,
the cave is good, the body is good, the body is good, the boat is good,
the car is good, the flag is good. Good anthills, good nests, good
cities, good huts, good boils, good cauldrons, these are the names of
the body. is involved in the cave; related; related; entangled;
entangled; entangled; entangled; entangled; entangled in the cave, like
any thing associated with general; entangled; entangled; entangled with
nails which are nailed to the lid. or at the joint Therefore, it is
true, as the Blessed One said: contentment, desire, pleasure, desire for
form, adherence. attachment to form which is the determination,
confidence and sleep of the mind persons involved in such satisfaction
Because of that. It is called an animal. The word animal is the name of
the person involved. therefore. is involved in the cave. The one who has
many defilements has been concealed, the one who has many defilements
has been concealed, the one who has been covered with many defilements:
lust, resentment, delusion, anger, anger, arrogance, negligence, envy,
stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, Stubbornness, good competition,
arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, carelessness are hidden. all desires
all corrupt of all the anxieties all the fervor All the sufferings of
the Abhisankhara are all unwholesome things, covered, covered, covered,
covered, covered, covered, covered, possessed. hence the name is
involved in the cave He is a person who has a lot of defilements already
concealed.
[32] The word nobility when situated and settled down in
the lost place, meaning the word noble, when settling is the one who
determines inevitably located with the ability to desire be offended
would be located with capable of resentment, being delusional, is based
on the ability of delusion Being a person who is bound, inevitably
stands with the ability to hold be a adherent It is based on the ability
to comment. be distracted inevitably located with the ability to be
distracted unstable inevitably stands with the ability to doubt as to
stability inevitably lies with the ability to lie in continuity;
therefore, it is called a nobleman when it sits. Even in this way, as
the Blessed One said: look at the monks Forms cognizable by the eye that
are desirable, pleasing, pleasing, lovely, full of sensuality. It is a
place of desire, if there is, if a bhikkhu enjoys, commends, clings to
it, and stands. A sound that should be enlightened by the ear ... a
scent that must be enlightened by ghana. ...a taste that should be
enlightened by thirst ...Phatthappa that should be enlightened by the
body. ...Dharma that should be realized by consciousness, desirable,
pleasing, pleasing, endearing, full of sensual pleasures. It is a place
of desire, it exists. If a bhikkhu enjoys, commends, and clings to the
Dhamma, he is called a nobleman when it is established. Even in this
way, as the Blessed One said: look at the monks the spirit that enters
the form when located would have a form of emotion There is a picture at
the location The pleasure brothel is located. It means prosperity and
abundance. Look, monks. the soul that enters the sorrow ...the spirit
that enters the contract ...or a spirit that access to the body when
located would have a sankhara as an emotion There is a body A brothel,
enjoying pleasure and being located, is ephemeral and exuberant. Even in
this way, it is as true as the Blessed One said: Bhikkhus, if lust,
pleasure, and desire are present in the food Where the spirit grows,
there is where the spirit grows. There was a stubbornness of name and
form there. Where is the development of all sankharas? The next birth in
a new world it is there Where there is the next birth in the new life,
where is the next birth, old age and death, where is the next birth, old
age, and death? We say, bhikkhus, where there is sorrow. dull There is
despair. If, bhikkhus, if desire, pleasure, and desire exist in the
senses ...Bhikkhus, if lust, pleasure, and desire are contained in the
mind-containing intention ... If, bhikkhus, if lust, pleasure, and
desire are in the food-soul, then the soul settles there. Where does the
spirit grow? There was a stubbornness of name and form there. Where is
the profoundness of name and form exists? There is the prosperity of all
sankharas, where is the prosperity of all sankharas? The next birth in
the new world was there. birth in a new world Where there is another
birth, old age and death is there We say, bhikkhus, where there is
sorrow. dull There is grievance, therefore it is called a nobleman when
it is situated. Even in this way. digging into the place of delusion,
saying that the four qualities of sensual pleasures are forms that
should be seen by the eye. Desirable, pleasing, lovely, erotic a place
of desire A voice that should be enlightened by the auditory ...a smell
that should be enlightened by killing. ...a taste that should be
enlightened by thirst \...a touch that should be enlightened by the
body, which is desirable, pleasing, agreeable, lovely, filled with
sensual pleasures. a place of desire The Blessed One said, for what was
the reason for being lost? because the vast majority of gods and humans
are lost, always lost, always lost, always lost, always lost Always
wandering, in the five senses of ignorance blinded, encrusted,
concealed, concealed, covered, covered, possessed; therefore, the five
senses of sensual pleasures, the Blessed One said, \"In straying, the
word is engrossed in the wandering place: prostrate, step down, become
obsessed, sank into the astray, hence the name of the lay man, when he
sits down, sinks into Concerning the three kinds of solitude,
[33] the
word such a noble person is far from seclusion. It is said that
seclusion is the three kinds of solitude, namely, solitude, mindfulness,
and uplifting. What is vice versa? He dwells in the secluded places of
forests, the bases of trees, mountains, crevices, caves, cemeteries,
forests, cemeteries that are open and shady, and he walks alone, stands
alone, sits alone, sleeps alone, enters the house alone for alms,
returns alone, sits. alone in a secret place Praying alone, being alone,
traveling, living, changing postures, conducting, keeping things going,
this is called the body of liberation. What is the mindset? have a calm
mind from neuroscience attaining second jhana, having a mind, secluded
from anxiety and thinking attainment having a mind attained from
happiness and suffering, attaining the realm of meditation Having a mind
secluded from forms of contracts, adjectives, nanattasya, attaining
spirituality and contemplation. Has a calm mind from the contract.
Achieving Akinchanayathana, having a mind attained from the spirit of
self-concept Achieving the concept of the contract having a mind
secluded from his enlightenment, saya (when that monk) is a single
person Having a mind attained from tattooing ditthi wichikitcha
silabbattapramas ditthanusai wichikitchanusai and from the defilements
that are located in the same sector as Sakkaya Ditthi, etc. as a person
Having a mind secluded from the rough kama rakakanusai, from the rough
kama raknusai, from the rough kama rak sakhanusai, and from the lusts
nestled in the same ranks, the rough kama rakanusayana, is an anagami
person. having a mind calm from sensual pleasures elaborately
acknowledgment, kamaraknusai, elaborately paying homage, and from the
lusts that are located in the same line as Kamarak. the benefits in
detail He is an arahant whose mind is isolated from lust, rupa-raga,
mana, utdhacca, avijja, manusai, bhavarakanusai, avijjanusai,
defilements that are situated in the same sphere. sensual image and so
on and from all external visions This is called cittaviveka. What is
Upthiviveka? Desires are good, Khan is good, Apisankhara is good. called
Upthi. Amata. Nirvana is called Upthiwiwek. namely, the Dharma is the
suppression of all sankharas. It is the renunciation of all clinging,
the cessation of craving, the vomiting, the quenching, the boundary of
lust. This is called Upthiviwek. A seclusion exists for a person who has
escaped the body. Rejoices in the Nekkhamma, the mind is secluded for
one who has a pure mind. In spite of being extremely pure in mind, Updhi
Viveka is for a person who has reached nirvana which is secular. The
word far from seclusion means that any person is involved in a cave like
this, so many defilements conceal it. like this Settled in this
wandering place That person is far from a secluded body, far from a
secluded mind. would be far away from Upthivivek That is, being in a
distant place, not near, not near, not beside, not near. The word such
is the one who settles in the lost place, such a kind exists, thus
exists, thus is like that, therefore is called such a person. It is far
from seclusion. Concerning the two kinds of sensual pleasures
[34],
the word that all sensual pleasures in the world are not easily
neglected by the inhabitants: (1)- sensuality\*, namely, two kinds of
sensual pleasures, on the subject of which is the object of sensual
pleasures, and one of the defilements of sensual pleasures. 1 What are
sensual objects? Forms, sounds, smells, tastes, touches that are
pleasing to the eye. Clothes, paint, slaves, goats, sheep, chickens,
pigs, elephants, cattle, horses, donkeys, land, money, gold, houses,
estates, royal estates, provinces, rural areas, armed forces, treasury,
and objects are places of worship. set one Another name is erotic
object. past erotic the future The present, the internal, the external
which are both internal and external, bad, moderate, and refined,
belonging to the beings born in mischief. belonging to human beings,
belonging to celestial beings that appear before the face, that are
self-created, that are created by others, that are cherished and not
cherished. that we hold that does not depend on our The dharma that is a
kama or all The dharma that is the shape of the cycle, though all The
dharma that is the shape of the cycle, though all Dharma is the place of
desire. It is the sensation of craving, called sensual pleasure, because
of the meaning that a person desires. because the meaning is the place
of desire because the meaning is the location of obsession What is the
meaning of these sensual pleasures called lustful objects? That is,
pleasure, desire, pleasure and desire, desire, great desire.
determination and desire Pleasure is lust, lust is lust, pleasure is
lust. in all erotica Lust for lust, lust for lust, lust for lust, lust
for lust, lust for lust, lust for lust, attachment for lust, attachment
for lust. The barrier is lustful. Name kama. Real as the word kāma. We
see your foundation that you are born because of your intentions. We
will never think of you. You will not have this. These sensual pleasures
are called defilements. The word in the world is the evil world, the
human world, the world of deities, the world khandha, the world element,
the world of shame. All sensual pleasures in the world are not easily
neglected by the man, saying that all sensual pleasures in the world are
difficult to be abandoned, difficult to give up, difficult to shake off.
difficult to invade difficult to break out Hard to get over, hard to get
over, hard to get over. It is difficult to cross, therefore it is called
that all sensual pleasures in the world do not belong. The people can
easily leave. Because of that. The Blessed One said, The people were
involved in the cave. He is a man of many defilements concealed; when he
is established, he settles down in the lost place. Such a person is far
from seclusion because all sensual pleasures in the world are not easily
neglected by the people.
[35] The Blessed One said: those animals who
are courted by the joy of the world Because of the desire, some hope is
in the back in the future Desire to dwell on these sensual pleasures, or
former sensual pleasures. one who is difficult to be freed and does not
allow other people to be freed. Because of desire, there is a saying
that craving is called desire, i.e. desire (1)- lust, contentment,
pleasure, pleasure. Desires with the ability of mind\'s lust, desire,
infatuation, fascination, delight, general delight, connection,
attachment, quest, deceit, giving birth to beings. Giving to beings
concerning suffering, embracing, the mind being like a net. that the
mind is like a stream dazzle in various emotions mentality as the
thread, the dispersion, the aging deteriorates. Friendliness,
preferences, lead to the world, emotional addiction. Emotional location,
intimacy, love, focus, attachment, hope, will, will, hope in form Hope
in sound, hope in smell, hope in taste, hope in touch. hope in fortune
Hope in wealth, hope in children, hope in life, desire, animal desire.
desire curvature animal coercion The restlessness of the mind,
trepidation, symptoms of trembling, abounding with trepidation,
aggression, goodwill, unrighteous lust, inconsistent greed, lust,
manifestations of lust, desires, desires, good desires, sensual desires,
bhava lusts, vibhava lusts, lust in existence. Lust in the non-formal,
lust in Nirodha, form of lust, Satanha, Gandha, Craving, Craving,
Dhammatanha, Ogha, Yoga, Gandha, Upadana, Barrier, Closure, Obstruction,
Binding, Depression. sleepiness anxiety the reputation of the vine
Desires of various objects, the root of suffering, the cause of
suffering The birthplace of suffering, the snare of the devil, the snare
of the devil, the vision of the devil, the river, the lust, the net of
lust, the chain of lust, the ocean of lust, the Abhijha, lobha, the
akusala mun. because of desire, because of desire Because desire is a
cause, because desire is a factor because desire is the source Because
desire is the birthplace, therefore it is called because of desire. The
word entrusted with happiness in the world is one kind of happiness in
the world, namely happiness feeling. 1. Joy in the three worlds i.e.
youthfulness (1) No disease and life 1. Joy in the four worlds i.e.
fortune, yot, praise, happiness; delight in the five worlds, namely
form, sound, smell, taste, touch, pleasantness. Rejoicing in the six
realms, namely, the readiness of the eye, the perfection of the ear.
readiness to kill The readiness of thirst, the readiness of the body,
the readiness of the mind. The word \"attached to happiness in the
world\" means \"attached to pleasure,\" attached to the desired object.
courting youth entangled in the absence of disease Courting in life,
courting in wealth, courting in rank, courting in praise, courting in
happiness, courting in form, courting in sound. Courting in smell,
courting in taste. To be entangled in a pleasing touch; to be entangled,
to be bound, to be bound, to be involved in, to be immersed in the
readiness of the eye. in the readiness of the hearing, in the readiness
of the ghana in the readiness of chivalry in the readiness of the body
in the readiness of the heart hence the name who are courted with joy in
the world because of desire. is difficult to escape and not allowing
other people to be freed. Those beings that are difficult to escape or
those beings are difficult to escape from the Dhamma that is the object
of happiness in those worlds. How are those things that animals are
difficult to get away with? That is happiness, desires, objects of
desire. Youthfulness, disease-free life, fortune, rank, praise,
happiness, form, sound, smell, taste, touch, satisfaction, readiness of
the eye. the readiness of the ears readiness to kill the readiness of
thirst readiness of body, readiness of mind which animals are difficult
to escape is difficult to escape Hard to take off, hard to let go, hard
to crush, hard to break out, hard to cross, hard to get over. difficult
to advance behave Difficult. Dharma that is the object of happiness in
the world. That beings are difficult to escape from. How is it that
beings are difficult to escape from the Dhamma that is the material of
happiness in those worlds? is difficult to escape difficult to escape
Hard to lift up, difficult to release, difficult to take off, hard to
pull out of pleasure and desire. Youthfulness, disease-free life,
fortune, rank, praise, happiness, form, sound, smell, taste, touch,
satisfaction, readiness of the eye. the readiness of the ears readiness
to kill The readiness of chivalry, the readiness of the body the
readiness of the mind. All beings are difficult to escape from Dharma
which is the material of happiness in those worlds, therefore they are
called animals. It\'s hard to get out of the way like this. and not
allowing others to be freed, saying that those beings immersed in
themselves cannot lift another drowning person up. I already able to
lift others who are drowned This is not a position that can be obtained.
Behold, that person is not trained, not trained, not quenched by his own
defilements. will allow others to practice, train, to quench defilements
This is not a position to have. Those beings cannot be freed by other
people like this. On the other hand, there is no one else who can save
them. if those animals were to be freed Those beings practice what is
right. comply with practice practical object Dhammanudhamma practiced by
oneself With strength, strength, perseverance, perseverance, man\'s
strength, man\'s strength. men\'s perseverance One\'s own man\'s
striving is to be freed. Therefore, it is called and does not allow
other people to be liberated even in this way. The Blessed One said,
\"Oh my god, I can\'t reach anyone. who has doubts in the world to be
freed, but he only knows the noble teachings to cross this sorrow In
this way. Therefore, it is called and does not allow other people to be
freed. Even in this way. The Blessed One said: the evil that a person
commits for himself That person will be miserable by himself. the evil
that one does not commit by oneself That person will be pure by himself.
purity and impurity belong to oneself others do not give other people
can be pure. Therefore, it is called and does not allow other people to
be freed. Even in this way. The Blessed One said, \"Brahmin, this is the
case. Nirvana is located The road to nirvana is set when so our
disciples whom I have been teaching teaching like this Some have
attained certain nirvana by only one part. the way they have not
attained. See, brahmin, in this matter, what can we do? Brahmin, the
Tathagata is just a guide. The Buddha will tell the way all beings who
practice on their own Therefore it is liberated, therefore it is called,
and it is not released by other people even in this way. and not
allowing other people to be released In the future, there is a saying
that the future is called the back, the past is called the front. The
future is near the past. The present is close to the past. called the
back The past is near the future. The present is near the future. It\'s
called the future. How does a person make his hopes for the future?
rejoicing in that feeling that in the past we had a form like this pity
like this have a contract like this have a body like this There is such
a spirit. Make hopes ahead even in this way. The spirit is also
entangled. I know in that sense that in the past, I had the following
eye, with the following form: because the soul is entangled with
passion, that person enjoys that sensation, when enjoying that
sensation. Therefore, it is also known that the future hopes In this
way, the soul is entangled in that feeling In the past, we had hearing
as follows, with this sound: smells as follows ...In the past, I had a
craving like this, a taste like this...In the past, I had a body like
this: ... In the past, I had this mind, because the soul was entangled
with passion. Thus one enjoys that feeling; thus, having enjoyed that
feeling, one takes on a future prospect even in this way. .The person is
named will make hopes in the future even with like this. How does a
person make their hopes in the back? The person who remembers the
enjoyment in that sense that in the future we should have a form like
this pity like this promise like this behave like this This kind of
spirit. Even in this way. one more thing One sets his mind to obtain an
unseen feeling. In the future, we should have the following eye, having
the following form. So that person enjoys that feeling. When he enjoys
that feeling, he is said to act on his background. Even in this way, a
person sets his mind so that he cannot obtain the feeling that, in the
future, we should have hearing as follows: There is this noise \...In
the future we should have ghana like this \...Smells like this \...In
the future we should have such cravings We would have such tastes \...In
future times we would have such bodies ... In the future, we should have
this mind, with the following dharmas, because of the setting of the
mind. So that person enjoys that feeling. when enjoying the mood
Therefore, that person is called doing hope in the back. Even in this
way. A person will set his mind to get an emotion that hasn\'t yet been
said that we will be a deity. or will be any deity by virtue, by virtue,
by penance, or by this virginity because of the cause of the mind set
That person enjoys that mood when enjoying that emotion. That person is
called make hope in the back Even in this way, therefore, it is called
that some hope is in the back. in the future. or the former sense of
sensuality, there is the saying that these sensual pleasures are desire,
pleasure, desire, ambition, fantasies of the five sensual qualities that
are present. Desire for the former sensual pleasures, that is, the
desire to dwell, to dwell on the murmurings, to dwell on the past five
qualities of sensual pleasures. or the eroticism that existed in the
past. The Blessed One said, those animals who are courted by the joy of
the world Because of the desire, some hope is in the back in the future,
longing for these sensual pleasures or eroticism that existed in the
past He is difficult to be freed and does not allow other people to be
freed.
[40] Those beings desire, crave, are fascinated with sensual
pleasures, are sluggish, inconsistent in their kamma. to suffering would
argue that
[41] The word desire, lust, passion in all sensual
pleasures say that the two senses of sensual pleasures are subject to
the subject, namely the object of sensual pleasures, the lustful object
of sensual pleasures, etc. called erotic objects, etc. These are called
erotic objects. Desires are called desires, i.e. lust, lust, etc.,
Abhijha, lobha, unsatisfactory. All beings are lustful, lustful,
enthralled, enthralled, connected with, entangled in all sensual objects
by lust; therefore it is called desire for sensual pleasures. that even
beings seek, seek, seek for sensual pleasures one who wanders for lust,
lewd, heavy with lust, leans on striving for sensual pleasures, even
those beings are called lustful pursuits, with the power of lust they
seek, seek, seek out form, sound, smell, taste, touch. one who wanders
for lust, lewd, heavy with lust, leans on striving to be dominant Even
those beings are called those who seek sensual pleasures. Even those
beings gain only form, sound, smell, taste, touch by the power of
craving. one who wanders for lust, lewd, heavy with lust, leans on
striving for lust, even those beings are called lustful seekers. Even
those who consume form, sound, smell, taste, touch with the power of
lust one who wanders for lust, lewd, heavy with lust, leans on striving
to be dominant A man who quarrels is called a quarrel, a man who works
is called a worker. people who travel in orbit The name is hardworking
in orbit. people who prosper Just as beings seek, seek, seek, search for
sensual pleasures. one who wanders for lust, lewd, heavy with lust,
leans on striving for sensual pleasures, even those beings are called
lustful pursuits, with the power of lust they seek and seek form, sound,
smell, taste, touch one who wanders for lust, lewd, heavy with lust,
leans on striving to be dominant even those animals It is called the one
who craves for sensual pleasures. In spite of all beings, with the
ability of lust, only form, sound, smell, taste, touch, one who wanders
for lust, lewd, heavy with lust, leans on striving for lust, even those
beings are called lustful seekers. Even those who consume form, sound,
smell, taste, touch with the power of lust go for lust, lewd striving to
be dominant Even those beings are called those who seek sensual
pleasures. The word fascinated means that, in most cases, devas and
humans are delusional, fascinated, captivated by the five qualities of
sensual pleasures. wrapped up, possessed, therefore called desire,
enthusiasm, enthralled with sensual pleasures.
[42] The word beings are
low, and they are in a state of impermanence, that being said, \"lower\"
means that beings that go low are called those who are down. One who is
stingy is called one who is low. One who does not trust the words,
words, sermons, teachings of the Buddha and the disciples of the Buddhas
is called one who is low. One who goes low is called one who is low. is
an animal that goes to hell To the realm, to be born, to the Pretavisai,
is called going low, and one who goes so low is called one who is
stingy. How? Named one who is low. Five kinds of stinginess are
stinginess that dwells. family stinginess stinginess stinginess
stinginess Such stinginess, stinginess, stingy behavior desires tenacity
depression It hurts to give someone\'s mind Not trustworthy in giving.
This is called stinginess. Suffering is good Elemental stinginess is
fine. stinginess is good This is called stinginess. This is called
stinginess. This is called stinginess. did not know the words the poor
man said already careless who has such stinginess The name of the
fallen. An animal that does not believe in words, words, sermons, and
teachings of the Lord Buddha and his disciples, how is it called a
fallen person? Animals do not trust, do not listen, do not listen. Do
not set your mind to know the words, words, preaching, teachings of the
Lord Buddha and all the Buddha\'s disciples. disobedient, disobedient,
disobeys turn the other way Such an animal that does not believe in the
words, words, sermons and teachings of the Lord Buddha and his disciples
is called the lowly. Those beings are perpetually inconsistent in their
kamma, that is, they are perched, perched, attached, accessed,
entangled, enthralled, connected, attached to acrobatics, speech, mental
karma, killing, stealing, sexual misconduct. Lies, slander, vulgarity,
slander, malice, malice, wrong view, all things, the five senses, five
imperatives, perceptual thoughts, desires, intentions, which are not
equal, therefore they are called beings who are downcast, settled in
karma. Not always.
[43] The word has reached suffering. \"He has come
into suffering, has come into suffering, has encountered suffering, has
encountered suffering, has encountered Mara, has encountered Mara, has
encountered death, has encountered death, has encountered death,
therefore it is called suffering. mourn, lamenting, lamenting,
lamenting, mourning, lamenting, lamenting To love, therefore it is
called suffering. fifteen future doubts
[44] What is the saying that
we have departed from this world? sails to doubt, becomes uncertain,
speaks, mourns, mourns, grieves, laments, laments about the infatuation
We have departed from this world, what shall we be? (1)- I will be
beings born in hell. will be an animal born in the wild\* It will be a
human being, it will be a deity, it will be a forming animal, it will be
a formless animal. be a promised animal be an animal without a contract
or will not be a person who has a contract No contract Will we all have
one in the future? or there will be no in the future. What will we all
be in the future? How will we be in the future? What are we and what
will be in the future? said:) We have departed from this world. What
would it be? Therefore, the Blessed One said: Those beings are longing,
aroused, fascinated by sensual pleasures, depressing, perpetually
settled in kamma. to suffering would argue that We have all departed
from this world. What will it be?
[45] The Blessed One said: therefore
An animal born should be educated in this religion. know the karma Not
always one of the things in the world is not always karma. do not behave
karma not always because of the impermanence of karma both sages Many
have said that this life is a small thing. Regarding the three sikkha

[46] the word therefore and An animal born should be studied in this
religion, saying, therefore, because of that because of that because of
that factor Because that tale is because of seeing the blame in all
sensual pleasures. The word that should be studied means one should
study the three disciplines, namely, upholding the precepts, the
precepts, the precepts, and the adhesion of wisdom. 1. recitation of the
precepts Why is this? A bhikkhu in this Dharma and Discipline is
virtuous, restrained by restraint, in the Patimokkha, complete with
enlightenment and orbiting. He sees the dangers in the minor
punishments, meditating, studying in all the precepts, the small
precepts, the great precepts, the precepts, the foundation, the
foundation, the foundation, the composure, the mouth, the precepts of
reaching, along with the wholesome qualities. This is called prayer.
Sikkha. Athichitta Sikkha Why, in this Dhamma and Discipline, a bhikkhu,
secluded from sensual pleasures, secluded from all unwholesome dharmas,
attains the first jhana, is anxious and reflective? there is joy and
happiness born of solitude. thus attaining second meditation There is
the radiance of the mind within, the supreme dharma that arises, free
from worry, without consideration, having joy and happiness born of
concentration. Because of the extinction of the rapture, there is
equanimity, mindfulness, comprehension, and happiness with the name of
the body, attaining a final meditation that the noble ones praise. This
jhāna is equanimous, mindful, he lives happily because of the
abandonment of happiness and suffering. and quenching previous joys and
sorrows, thus attaining the Fourth Jhana, without suffering, without
happiness, with equanimity leading to purification of mindfulness. This
is called Athichittasikkha. Adhipanya Sikkha. Why? be wise contains
intelligence which leads to the noble birth and cessation, the
elimination of defilements, leading to the right cessation of suffering,
that bhikkhu knows as it really is, this is suffering, this is dukkha,
this is dukkha, this is dukkha, nirodhakamini, these This causes ashes
this cessation This practice leads to the cessation of taints.\
This is called sikkha sikkha. When he thinks of these three rules, when
he knows, when he sees, when he considers, when he prays when humbled by
faith When he sustains perseverance, when he sets his mind, when he sets
his mind, when he knows clearly with wisdom, when he knows the Dhamma
that should be known. when defining the knowledge of the Dharma that
should be established When the dharma should be abandoned When the
Dharma should be developed When enlightening the Dharma that should be
made known, one should study and behave graciously. to behave
graciously, in this religion, in this view, in this rightness, in this
pleasure In this adherence, in this Dharma, in this Discipline, in this
Dhamma and Discipline, in this speech, in this holy life In this matter,
in this self, in this world, the word The beings who are born are
creatures, Nara, etc., human beings, hence their name. The being born
should be studied in this religion.
[47] The word that one inconsistent
kamma in the world should be known as an impermanent kamma means that
any one is all by all manifestations. all by all means, there is nothing
left, nothing left, this one word It is a sign of all karma. The word to
know that it is an impermanent kamma means that beings are born, know,
know all, know, know, know only, thrust all the time, acrobatics,
speech, mental kamma, panatipat, adinnadana, Kamesumicchacara,
deceitful, pisunavaca, savage. The five senses, the five senses, the
impermanence, the desire, the intention, the impermanence, are
impermanent karma, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the
world, in the world, and in the world, therefore it is called knowing
the impermanent kamma. Always one in the world that is not always karma.

[48] The word undesirable behavior because of the inconsistent karma
means that beings are born do not behave unfriendly behavior Do not be
courteous to behave properly do not behave The impermanence of karma
because of karma, speech, mental karma, panatipata, adinnathan,
Kamesumicchacara, musavada, Pisunavaca, pharusavaca, touchpappa, apicha,
phayabat, michaditthi, sankharas, the five imperatives of sensual
pleasures, the five impermanent desires, therefore called intentions.
One should not practice inconsistent behavior because of impermanence of
karma. Life is small for two reasons.
[49] The sages have said that
this life is small, meaning that life is age, persistence, progression,
Let the self go Movement, sustenance, sustenance, livelihood, organic
life. It is a life that is less for two reasons: low life because it is
small and 1, less life because it has little activity. 1. How is life
being small because it is small? Life already exists while the mind is
in the past, it does not exist, it will not exist. Life will be. while
the mind is the future would not exist It does not exist. Life is in the
present moment of the mind. no longer exists will not exist. As the
Blessed One said, all life, existence, happiness and suffering Dharma is
always composed of a single mind, the moment is fleeting. Which of the
deities are always located throughout the eight fourteen thousand eon
those angels He is not endowed with two souls; any aggregates of the
deceased or of the living beings in this world are extinguished.
Likewise, it is gone, not continuation. Whatever aggregates have been
broken in the past as a sequence and aggregates. Which of these has
already broken in the future in order? The strangeness of the aggregates
that are now extinguished with those aggregates would not exist in the
form Animals are not born with the future. inevitably lives in the
present khandha, the beast, the world, has died because of the breakdown
of the mind. This is the supreme commandment. All aggregates,
transformed by desire, are like water flowing through a valley,
therefore it is time to go. uninterrupted because the six senses are the
factors, all aggregates are broken. did not reach the location The
khandha does not exist in the future; all the khandhas that are born
will stand. like lettuce seeds located on the tip of the iron spike,
therefore, the rupture of all the dharmas that have arisen extracted in
front of those beasts All aggregates are normally destroyed. not joined
with the aggregates that were born before, arises; all aggregates come
unseen. breaks and then goes into the invisible It arises and vanishes
like a lightning flash in the air. Therefore, life is small because it
is so small. How is life because it has little activity? Life is because
of the out-breath. Life by the breath, the breath in, the life of the
breath out and the breath in. A life of supernatural beings, a life of
warmth, a life of food swallowed. Life due to the spirit. These exhaling
and inhaling breaths are good: avijja, sankhara, craving, clinging, and
the original cause of these exhaling and inhaling breaths. All factors
are good. This is the realm of craving, the first born, the material and
the non-existent together of these out-breathing and in-breathing. The
composite form of these exhaling and inhaling breaths is good. The
agglomeration of the wind Exhale and these inhales are fine. Desires
that are well blended have deteriorating strength. These virtues have
are perpetually torturing each other. not committed to each other will
cause each other to fall, because there is no resistance to each other.
therefore these virtues cannot sustain each other. which dharma gives
dharma these were born that dharma does not exist But a dharma is not
corrupted by a dharma, so these aggregates are broken by all symptoms.
These aggregates of causes and conditions existed before birth, even
those preexisting causes. Those factors had already died before. The
first aggregates are good, the later aggregates are good. They never saw
each other in any time. Therefore, life is called a small thing because
it has a mission. less like this. because compared to the life of the
gods of the Jatum Maha Rashika Human life is little: a little, a little,
is fleeting, is fleeting. soon established, did not exist for a long
time. ...because comparing the life of a god of the Yama class
...because comparing the life of an angel of Dusit ...because it
compares to the life of a deity of the Nimmanoradee level \...because
the life of Angels of Paranimitawasadee ...because it compares to the
life of the deities associated with Brahma. The life of a little human
being is a little, a little, is fleeting, is fleeting. located soon did
not last long. look at the monks The age of these humans is small. must
leave the hereafter All human beings are subject to death as they are
known, should do good, should practice celibacy. No man who is born will
not die. look at the monks Whoever lives for a long time Those who live
for only 100 years, or more than 100 years, are few. When this proverb
was finished speaking therefore spoke a spell the next breed that the
age of the little humans good man insult this young age Be hasty to act
like a person whose head is on fire, therefore, because the state of
death will not come or not. Day and night will pass Life goes on to
death, and the life of all beings ends like the water of a river. less
is gone Therefore, with wisdom called Thi, the word sages said this life
as a small thing, saying that the sages including those with memory who
arrives with wisdom The one who blames sin. Wisdom is called Thi, which
is knowledge, omniscience, selectiveness. selection all over
Righteousness, good decency, decency specificity graduate the wise, the
wise, the wise Intelligence is a classifier intelligence is a machine
Wisdom is a sight wisdom as wide as the earth Wisdom is the destroyer of
passion. Wisdom that leads around, wisdom is a manifestation.
consciousness Wisdom is a piercing machine. Wisdom is evident, wisdom is
great, wisdom is strength. Wisdom is a science Wisdom is just like a
castle bright wisdom clear wisdom prosperous wisdom Wisdom is the
crystal, non-delusion, discrimination, dharma, and approval, because he
is possessed of wisdom
[called thi], hence the name Thira
[sage].
one more thing People who are wise in the aggregates elemental
intelligence Wisdom in the senses, wisdom in the practice wisdom in
mindfulness Wisdom in the Confession Wisdom in power Wisdom in the
organics, wisdom in physical strength, wisdom in the Bojjhana. Wisdom in
the Path, Wisdom in Fruits, Wisdom in Nirvana, is called Thira. Those
wise men say, speak, speak, show, proclaim that human life is little,
little, a little, is instant, is instant, is forever. set forever soon
It doesn\'t last long, therefore it is called. Many sages call this life
a small thing. The Blessed One said, therefore One who was born should
study this religion, and should know any inconsistent karma in the
world. It is an impermanence of karma, an inconsistent behavior, because
of an impermanence of karma. All the sages have said this life as a
small thing.
[50] The Blessed One said: We see this group of beings in
the lusts of all worlds. struggling in the world all bad people
[51]
The word \"I see \... struggling in the world\" means that the word
sees, that is, sees, looks, examines. to look, to consider, with some
eyes some visionary some intelligence some buddhist The word in the
world is, in the evil world, the human world, the gods, the worlds, the
world element, the worldly self. The word struggling is that we see,
look, examine, look, contemplate
[which this group of beings] struggle
with. to tremble, tremble, sway, restless with the struggle of lust with
a struggle because of the view with struggles because of desires with
struggles because of composition with a struggle because of karma with a
struggle because of corruption with the desire of the with the wrath of
the offended with the delusion of the delusional with mana as a tool,
bound by the view that is held With a distraction that is already
overflowing With doubt, with uncertainty, with power, with wealth, with
wealth, with rank, with disgrace, with praise, with gossip, with
happiness, with suffering, with birth, with old age, with pathology,
with death, with filthiness, suffering, sorrow, and misery. with
suffering is to be born in hell with suffering is birth beast with
suffering is the birth in the vision of the imp with suffering is the
birth of a man; with suffering, there is birth in the womb. with
suffering is established in the womb With suffering, there is birth from
the womb, and with the suffering of beings that have been born. with the
suffering caused by others of the born beings with the suffering caused
by one\'s zeal with the suffering caused by the zeal of others; with the
suffering caused by the misery with the suffering that arises from death
Suffering from variability, suffering from eye disease, eye disease,
nose disease, tongue disease, physical disease, head disease, ear
disease, oral disease, dental disease, cough, asthma, the common cold,
toxic fever, hay fever. Abdominal diseases, epilepsy, dysentery, colic,
root disease, leprosy, pox, eczema, leprosy, epilepsy, scabies, scabies,
scabies, ingrown, warts, plague, ingrown, edema, hematoma, jaundice,
diabetes, herpes. Impetigo, hemorrhoids, with malady Pathology with
phlegm as a base Apathy has the wind as a premise. Apathy is a union.
Affliction is born from the changing seasons. Disturbance arises because
of uneven management; paradox arises, but perseverance is overpowering.
Suffering is karmic, with cold, with heat, with hunger, with thirst.
with stool pain with urinary pain with suffering arising from the touch
of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and crawling beasts Suffering because
of the death of the mother; Suffering because of the death of the
father. with the sorrow of the death of a brother and sister with sorrow
of death of sisters with the sorrow of the death of his son Suffering
because of the death of a daughter; also suffering because of the
calamity of relatives. with suffering because of the woe of wealth with
suffering woe caused by disease with suffering because of the calamity
of the precepts Suffering because of the calamity of view, therefore, we
see \... struggling in the world.
[52] The word \"group of beings who
wander in all worlds\" means that the word group is the name of an
animal. The word craving is Forms of craving, passion, craving, gandha,
craving, tangible, tangible, dhammatanha. The word \"going on craving\"
means \"going on craving, going after it, going after it, going after
it, going down on it, drowned in it, the craving has gone.\" Lust has
taken over possessed by the mind of desire, the word in all worlds,
namely, in the sensual world, in the form, in the non-formal realm,
therefore this group of beings who go in lust in all worlds.
[53] The
term \"bad people\" \... would wail near the mouth of death, saying,
\"All the evil peoples are those who are endowed with acrobatics,
speech, imagination, panatipata, adinnadana, game, sumicchacara,
musavada, pisunavaca, pharusavaca, touchpappa, apichat, phayabat,
michaditthi, kamma, the five sankharas. 5 Bad intentions, desires, bad
intentions, therefore they are called bad people. They mourn near the
mouth of death, that people are mortal, with death, with death, with
death, with death, with the devil, with death, with death, with death,
groaning, mourning, sorrowing, grumbling, groaning, groaning, wail. The
mouth of death, the mouth of the devil, the mouth of death, therefore
called people, many bad places \... will wail near the mouth of death.
Concerning the great and small worlds
[54] The word is not free from
craving in the small and great worlds. etc. In the little world and the
big world They are the small world and the big world, namely karma and
vipakhava. In karma, it is the object of birth in the sensual world. In
vipavatana is the birthing machine in the sensual world. In karma, it is
a machine that is born in the form. In vipakhava is a machine that is
born in the form. In kamma-vataka it is the birth-in-the-immortal; in
vipa-vat-a-vataka it is the non-formal birth. in frequent birth in
frequent in frequent access in frequent fertilization in the frequent
occurrence of the self. The word is not free from craving, that is, not
free from craving. The passion is not yet gone. There is craving that
has not yet been renounced; craving has not yet been vomited. The lust
is not yet gone. The craving has not yet been abandoned. Having passion
has not yet been relinquished, therefore it is called that it is not
freed from it in the small world and the great world. Therefore, the
Blessed One said: we will see this group of beasts who go in the lust of
all worlds struggling in the world all bad people Not yet freed from
desire in the small and great realms, wail near the mouth of death.

[55] The Blessed One said: You shall see the beasts who struggle in
because of our esteemed objects like a swarm of fish struggling in a
water whose current has ended Even after seeing the blame, he does not
commit lust related to it, in all worlds he is not hold our conduct. On
the adherence of two things
[56] the word ye see the animals Those who
struggle in because of our subject matter are our beliefs. namely, our
adherence to two things: our adherence to craving 1, our adherence to
our view 1. What is our adherence to lust? An object that bounds,
boundaries, is part, divisions, determines, takes hold of us. with a
part of passion How much is estimated, will be taken as ours, which
objects are only approximately. that this is ours our thing This is what
we have. Our things are like this. Image, sound, smell, taste, touch,
dress, clothing, paint, slaves, goats, sheep, chickens, pigs, elephants,
cattle, horses, donkeys, land, money, gold, houses, estates,
Rajathanees, provinces, rural areas, Changkhao, treasuries are ours.
would be regarded as ours even though\
all mainland with the ability of lust as well as lust and perversion,
this 108 is called our belief With lust. What is our adherence to the
view? Twenty objects, ten views, ten Antakahika ditthi, ten views, going
is ditthi. The turning car is Ditthi. The distance is the ditthi, the
splinter is the thorn, the struggle is the ditthi. The attributes are
viewpoint, holding, clinging, clinging, clinging, wrong way, wrong way,
wrong doctrine, wrong-seeking. warp How much perversion, wrong-doing,
certainty of what is not true, and how much is the approximation of the
number 62 This is called our adherence to view. See among the beings
that are struggling because of our objects of belonging, saying that
even those who are paranoid about our material possessions struggle,
that is, they struggle when they are striving for some. when he has
taken some Even those who are paranoid in volatility Of the objects that
we hold on to, one struggles, that is, struggles, struggles, struggles,
shakes, leans, restless. when the object is changing some when the
object Has changed a bit See, look, look, look, look, and look, and
behold, this so many beings that are struggling, struggling, struggling,
swaying, swaying, restless, therefore behold, amongst the beings that
are struggling because of our subject matter. 57] The word is like a
swarm of fish struggling in a little water with an ebb and flow, meaning
that a swarm of fish that are picked up by a crow, a hawk, or a heron,
struggles, struggles, struggles, falters, trembles, sways, restlessly
wanders in its presence. little water Just as there is little water, and
water dries up, so even the beings who are paranoid in striving for our
material possessions struggle, that is, they struggle when they are
striving for some. when he has taken some Even those who are paranoid in
The volatility of the objects that we hold in our view will struggle,
that is, it will struggle; when the object is changing some When that
object has changed somewhat, so it is called like a swarm of fish
struggling in the little water whose current has ceased.
[58] \...
should be one who does not cling to what I conduct, having seen,
encountered, compared, examined, examined, and clarified the blame in
the matter for which I was conceived; therefore it is called seeing the
blame. be a person who doesn\'t We hold our conduct. There is a belief
that our These are our adherence to two things: our clinging to craving
1, our clinging to view 1, etc. This is called clinging. This is what we
regard with lust, etc. This is called our esteem with views. The people
should abandon their belief that our passion having renounced our
beliefs with a view Does not hold our opinions, which our eyes, sota,
ghana, chihuahua, body, mind do not hold to us, that is, they do not
hold, do not hold, do not hold on to form, sound, smell, taste, touch,
family, abbot, fortune, rank, praise, happiness, robes, alms, senasana,
ceremonial factors, kama-elements, form-elements. Impermanent,
kamma-important, non-formal, unannounced, ne-na-sanna-na-na-p-va,
e-kvokarnapba, quadrangle-panchavokarpba, past, future, present,
Dhitthasuttamutvinyatabbhadhamma, one should conduct Lives, goes, turns,
heals, goes on, so that the existence goes on. Therefore, it is called
that the evil-doer has seen it. \... should be one who does not hold on
to our conduct.
[59] The word does not act in relation to lust in all
worlds. It is said that in all worlds, that is, in the sensual world,
the form, the non-formal world, craving is called an object. These
include desire, lust, courage, etc. Apichha, lobha, akusala-mun. not
lustful The thing involved in all existences is not to do cravings, that
is, to not cause pleasure, love, desire, and will not always arise. not
to be born not to arise only in all worlds, therefore it is called not
doing desire. related things in all worlds. Therefore, the Blessed One
said: See ye beasts that are struggling because of our material
possessions, like a swarm of fish floundering in the flowing waters,
where the evil eye sees evil, yet does not engage in lust in the worlds.
be a person who doesn\'t take our conduct.
[60] The Blessed One said:
Theerachon had to limit the satisfaction of both of them in the end.
Having established the senses, he is not a person who is attracted to
any karma. not doing that karma would not be stuck in the The word
\"satisfaction\" is the end of both, that is, contact is the end; 1,
contact is the end. 2. The past is the end 1 The future is the end 2.
Pleasure is the end 1 The suffering is the end 2.Name is the ultimate,
one form is the ultimate; 2.The six inner senses are the ultimate; the
six outer senses are the ultimate. 2. Sakkaya is the supremacy 1
Sakayama is the supreme 2. The word contentment is pleasure is lust,
lust is lust, pleasure is all sensual desires. Lust for lust, lust for
passion, lust for lust, lust for sensation, lust for lust, lust for
passion, attachment for lust, attachment for lust. The barrier to spread
is eroticism. The words \"End pleasures should be eliminated in the end,
both of which are to be eliminated, to be eliminated only, to be
abandoned, to be alleviated, to be put to an end. give up no later which
is the ultimate satisfaction of both of them. Finally, both. Concerning
various touches,
[62] the word that has established the contact and is
not a follower, it means that contact is eye-contact, ear-contact,
ghar-contact, chiwaha-contact, body-contact, man-touch-contact, and
adhiwa-contact (name-contact is mind-contact) ) Patika touch (formal
touch) Touch is the site of happiness and feeling. touch to location of
misery Touch is the location of all bitterness and suffering. contact
with wholesome minds, touching with unwholesome minds Touching the
senses with the uplifting mind sensibility with kama vacara citta
sensuous contact with the mental image sensuous contact with arupavacara
citta Contact is sunyata, contact is animita, contact is appanihita.
touch is lokiya touch is the world touch is the past touch is the future
touch is present What kind of touch can you see like this? This is the
correctness, correctness, and the right mind. This is called hapsa. The
word \'knowing of touch\' means that we know of touch by three degrees,
namely, kinship, degree. What is the degree? A wise man knows the
contact, that is, he knows, this is eye-contact, this is ear-contact,
this is killing contact, this is body-contact, this is mind-contact,
this is up to the point of contact, this is contact, this is contact,
this is the place of blissful feeling. This touch is the location of
suffering. This touch is at Set of all bitterness and suffering This is
the sensuous touch with the wholesome mind. This is the contact with the
unwholesome mind, this the contact with the unwholesome mind. This is
the contact with the kamma vacara citta. This is the sensibility of
sensibility with the mental image. This is the sensuous contact with the
Arupavacara citta. This touch is Sunyata. This contact is animita, this
contact is appanihita, this contact is lokiya. This touch is the
lokuttara. This touch is the past This touch is the future This touch is
present This is what is called relative degree. Tiron degree, why? He
contemplates touch, that is, he contemplates as impermanent, as
suffering, as a disease, as a boil, as an arrow, as something else, as
troublesome, as an affliction. It\'s powerless, it\'s broken, it\'s
wicked, it\'s a sin, it\'s a danger, it\'s an obstacle, it\'s shaken. is
broken is unsustainable It is irresistible. It is something that has no
hidden place. It is a refuge, it is empty, it is empty, it is lost, it
is soulless, it is harmful, it is subject to change. It\'s something
that doesn\'t matter. is the root of hardship as an assassin is without
prosperity belonging to an assava It is an item that is used to make
things, to be a victim of the devil. It is a common national It\'s
normal for old people. It\'s normal, it\'s parasitic, it\'s normal,
it\'s deadly. It is the nature of misery, parideva, suffering and
sorrow, and it is the nature of sorrow. It is the origin of suffering,
it is something that disappears, it is something that is pleasing to the
eye, it is an adina, it is a nisarana, what is this called the
purification? which I crave in the senses Indeed, as the Blessed One
said: \"Bhikkhus, in what sense do I enlighten? All of you, abandon me.
I know that it will be yours. All of them has a severed root cause there
is no location like a palm yod To the absence of the latter, there is no
natural occurrence in the future. In this way, this is called
Bachelor\'s degree. The word Having established contact, that is,
knowing contact with these three degrees. The word not being attracted
is that lust is called lust, i.e. desire, lust, lust, etc.,
covetousness, greed, greed, unattached. It has been calmed, it has been
stopped, so it shouldn\'t have happened. burned with fire is the soul
that person is called He is not enamored. That person is not enamored,
is not addicted, is not fascinated, is not immersed in form, sound,
smell, taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune, rank, praise, happiness,
robes, alms, senas, kilan, pharmaceutical factors, fertility,
kamma-elements, form-elements, immaterial-elements, kamma-phobic,
immaterial. Sanyapop, Asanapop, New Sanya, Sanyapop, Ekvokarnpop,
Quadrature, Panchavokarpb, Past tense, Future, Present, Kala
Dittadhamma, Suttadhamma, Muttham, Vinyatabbhadhamma, that is, one who
relaxes, does not renounce, vomit, and release. giving up, giving up,
giving up, giving up, giving up, giving up, relinquishing, giving up,
giving up, giving up, craving is gone, quenched, cooled, enjoying
happiness, having oneself as Brahma, therefore he has established the
sense of touch. is not a follower.
[63] The word self-criticism Not
doing that karma means that whatever karma is a virtuous person will
blame any karma for himself. A wise man criticizes him for two reasons:
because he acts and because he does not act. How? not acting honestly we
do corrupt words do not speak honestly We do dishonesty, not dishonest
thoughts. not abstaining from panatipat We do indignity, do not refrain
from indignity. We make sex We do not refrain from deceitful games, we
lie, we refrain from lies. we do verbal pizza We do not refrain from
verbal abuse, we do not refrain from verbal abuse. we made fish touch
Don\'t abstain from touching fish. We do Abhijha, don\'t do evil. We do
vindictiveness. We do evil, do not do right, do not do right. Because we
do and because we do not do this. On the other hand, the wise people
will criticize themselves that we do not complete the precepts. Does not
protect the anus in organic Unknown in food Not diligently engaged in
perseverance is a wake-up call. It does not cultivate consciousness, it
does not develop mindfulness, it does not develop its foundations 4, it
does not develop its power, 4 it does not develop physical strength, 5
it does not develop its enlightenment, 7 it does not develop the Noble
Path 8, it does not determine suffering, it does not give up samutaya.
Charoen maka does not cause nirodha. Theerachon will criticize him.
because of doing and because of not doing this. He criticizes in this
way, that is, he does not cause that karma to arise. not ready not to be
born not to be born only, therefore it is called self-blame Not doing
that karma.
[64] The word virachon does not cling to views and
sutarams. It means that addiction is two kinds of attachment, namely
lust, one lust, etc. This is called lust. clinging to lust, etc. This is
called clinging to view. The word Dhirachon is a person who is wise as a
symbol, who walks with wisdom (sage), one who is wise, one who has
knowledge, one who has insight, one who has insight. The wise is the
destroyer of defilements. Thirachon frees from lust Relinquishing
attachment, he does not cling; he is not attached; he is not attached;
he is not attached; he is not attached; he is surrendered, surrendered,
irrelevant. Nantaram is one whose mind makes it free from the realm of
defilements. Therefore, it is called a virthon. The Blessed One then
said that the Elders should finally get rid of both of their pleasures.
Having established a sense of touch, he is not a follower. What karma do
you blame? Not doing that karma does not get caught up in views and
thoughts.
[65] The Blessed One said: Muni has already determined the
contract. Do not get caught up in all clings, cross over the void, have
withdrawn the arrow. Without heedlessness, one does not expect this
world and the next. ...be able to cross the void It is said that the
contract is kama, saya, saya, sana, vihingsa, sana, nekkham, sana,
upyapatha, sana. Avihimsa-sana, form of contract, satya-saya,
gandha-sana, tangible-saya, dhammasana, what is perceived like this, is
knowledge, ready knowledge, and being is fully aware, this is called
contract. With three degrees, namely, relative degree, degree degree,
degree degree, degree degree. Why is it that a muni knows the contract,
that is, knows, and sees that this is a sensual contract, this is a
covenant. This promise This is a promise This up Yapat promised. This is
ignorance, this form of contract, this truth, this gandha, this saga,
this saga, this saga, this dhammasaya, this is called kinship. He
considers contracts as impermanent, as suffering, as a disease, as an
abscess, as an arrow, as an affliction, as an affliction, as something
else (they are powerless), as damaged, as wicked, as evil, as a threat,
as an obstacle, as a wavering thing. It is something that is broken,
etc., the cause of suffering, something that disappears, it is something
that is pleasing to the eye, it is adhe-nop, and it is nissarana. This
is called tiron bhiāna bhiāna, bhiāna bhiāna. What is this? later
absence which I understand in the contract. As the Blessed One said,
\"Bhikkhus, I understand, in any contract, let go of it. I know that
will always belong which you all have left has a severed root cause
there is no location like a palm yod. In this way, this is called pahan
bhana. The word \'knowing of a contract\' means recognizing a contract
with these three degrees. The word that one can cross over, that is to
cross, to cross over, to cross over, to overstep, to transgress the kaka
okha, bhava okha, ditthiokha, avijja okha. Therefore, it is called that,
having established a contract and being able to cross over the void,

[67] The word muni does not cling to all clings. Clinging to lust,
etc., is called clinging to view. The word muni means that wisdom is
called Mona, i.e. wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., non-delusion,
discrimination, right view. The person possessing insight is called
Muni, who attains insight. Mona. Moneyya (dharma that makes a muni)
consists of 3 things: physical moneyyadhamma, verbal moneyyadhamma, and
mental moneyydhamma. 1. What is bodily moneyya dharma? The three
renunciation of bodily bodily conduct is called bodily moneyya dharma.
The three bodily bodily virtues, enlightenment as the body, the body
with degree, the path of communion with the degree, the abandonment of
passion in the body. death of the body attainment This is called bodily
money dharma. This is bodily money dharma. What is verbal moneyydhamma?
Four kinds of neglectful speech are called verbal moneyydhamma. degree
the extinction of speech attainment of secondary meditation It is called
verbal moneyadhamma. This is verbal moneyadhamma. What is mental
moneyadhamma? Three kinds of neglectful thoughts are called mental
moneydhamma. Three kinds of conscience are mental and emotional. degree
cessation of consciousness Achieving Nirodha Magic Contract It\'s called
mental dharma. This is mental dharma. It\'s as real as the Blessed One
said. graduates said a person who is a muni in the body verbal muni a
mental muni The sava is not a muni who is endowed with the Dharma that
makes it a muni who gives up all defilements. The wise have spoken of a
person who is a muni in body, a muni through speech. a mental muni The
ashava cannot be said to be a muni who is endowed with the dharma that
makes a muni. The one who has been cleansed of sins. A person who is
endowed with these three virtues is a muni. There are 6 types of muni
buildings, namely, Muni buildings, Anakarmuni, Sekhamuni, Asekhamuni,
Paccekmuni, Muni Muni. What is the Muni building? householder There is a
chapter, nirvana, which has already been seen. There is an enlightened
religion. These people are called Muni buildings. Why is Anakarmuni? Who
are ordained? There is Nirvana, which is seen, there is a religion, and
there is an enlightened religion. These are called Anakaramuni. The
seven types of Sekha are called Sekhamuni. Arahants. All of them are
called Asekhamuni. All Pacceka Buddhas. The name is Pacekamuni. The
Tathagata, Arahant, Sambuddha. The name is Munimuni. It is as true as
the Blessed One said. A person is not a muni by being calm. but he is
empty, not a knowledgeable person, a wise man, who holds the noble
teachings. Ignoring all the sins Like a person holding a scale,
therefore a person is called a muni, and therefore one who knows the two
worlds is called a muni. Therefore, whoever knows the dharma of the
wicked and the dharma of the virtuous in all the worlds, both internally
and externally transgression is Attachment and craving, just as the net,
exists, is worshiped by gods and humans. That person is called Muni. The
word addiction is two kinds of attachment, namely, craving for one,
another for lust, etc. This is called craving, etc. This is called the
clinging to the view. The muni, abandoning the clinging by lust,
relinquishing the clinging by the view, is not attached; it is not
attached, it is not attached, it is not attached, it is not attached, it
is departed, renounced, it is liberated, it is not involved. all
adherences He is the one whose mind is made free from the realm of
defilements, therefore he is called a muni who does not enter into
clinging.
[68] The word one who has withdrawn an arrow, without
heedlessness and conducting it, means that the arrow is the seven
arrows: the arrow is lust, the arrow is hatred, the arrow is delusion,
the arrow is mana, the arrow is view. arrow is sorrow The arrow is
doubt. these arrows Whoever has abandoned it, cut it off, calmed it, put
it off, prevents it from happening. Burned with the fire is wisdom, that
person is called the one who has withdrawn the arrow, that is,
withdrawing, drawing, pulling, pulling, pulling, sacrificing, vomiting,
letting go, giving up the arrow. One who has ceased to desire, is
quenched, is enjoying happiness, resides like a brahma, therefore he is
called one who has withdrawn his arrow. He is heedless, that is, one who
acts with generosity, does continuity, does not stop, has incessant
behavior, does not compromise, does not give up on all merits.
Heedlessness is contentment, effort, diligence, diligence. invincibility
Being mindful, having awareness, and perseverance are the keys to the
burning of defilements. supreme perseverance, determination, frequent
commitment carelessness in that charity How should we attain the
virtuous aggregates that are not yet perfect, or should we please with
wisdom and scheming support the virtuous aggregates in that place? as
follows. Heedlessness is contentment, etc. in that wholesome dharma that
How should we bestow complete concentration on the immature aggregates,
or how should we support the aggregates of concentration in that place
with wisdom, by deception? as follows. Heedlessness is contentment, etc.
in that wholesome dharma that How should we bestow wisdom that is not
perfect, or that we should support wisdom that is perfect there, by
deception? as follows. Heedlessness is contentment, etc. in that
wholesome dharma that How should we give the immature liberty khandha to
be complete, or should we favor the liberty khan that is abundant in
that place with wisdom and by deception? as follows. Heedlessness is
contentment, etc. in that wholesome dharma that We should give Vimutiya
Tasanakhan that is still incomplete Or how should one favor a vision
that is abundant in that place with wisdom by scheming? Being mindful,
comprehending, and persevering are the tools. passionate passion supreme
perseverance, determination, frequent commitment Heedlessness in that
charity We must determine the suffering that has not yet been defined.
Let go of all defilements that have not yet been abandoned, and develop
the path that has not yet developed. or should make known nirodha that
has not yet been made known by trickery, therefore, he is called the one
who has withdrawn the arrow 69 He does not expect for this world and the
next, saying that he does not expect this world, namely his self, does
not expect the next world, is his existence in the Hereafter. and their
souls Not expecting the Hereafter, i.e. form, feeling, conceit, corpse,
and spirit of others; not expecting this world, i.e. the inner senses;
not expecting the next world, i The element does not expect the next
world, i.e. form-element, non-formal-element, does not expect this
world, i.e. sensual-element, does not hope for the next world, is
non-formal-element, does not expect, does not want, does not enjoy, does
not desire, does not love, is dissatisfied with the motto: Uppatipat,
Patindi, Pity. or the next cycle, therefore it is called that one does
not hope for this world and the next world. The Blessed One said, Muni
has already determined the contract. Do not get caught up in all clings,
cross over the void, have withdrawn the arrow. Without heedless
behavior, one does not expect this world and the next world as follows.
Dear and Muni
[70] The Blessed One said: Some people have a bad heart.
would really be to blame Even if other peoples understand that it is
true, they will criticize them, but the Muni do not come to terms with
the words that have arisen. therefore there is no place for the Muni.
They are truly reprimanded, saying, \"Those who have a heart attacked by
anger, have an evil heart, have a wrong mind, have a particular wrong
mind, have a heart attacked by wrath, have a spiteful heart, have a
specific vengeful mind, they will blame, to blame The Blessed One and
the Sangha with untrue words, hence the name Deathi, some of them have
evil hearts.
[72] The word, even if other peoples understand that it
is true, they will criticize them. understand that it\'s true It\'s
important that it\'s true, it\'s important that it\'s true, it\'s
important that it\'s true, it\'s important that it\'s true, it\'s
important that it\'s true understand that it is true; it is important;
that it is true; understands that it is not perverted; It is important
not to warp. they rebuke is to blame Blessed One and the Sangha with
untrue words, therefore, he is called, even if other peoples understand
that it is true, they criticize accordingly.
[73] The word but a muni
does not enter a speech that is born, saying that the speech is born,
that is the word. He was born, born, born, born, and appeared, that is,
the sound of proclamations from other people, scolding, and blasphemy
against the Blessed One and the Sangha with untrue words, hence the name
Vadatitian that was born. The muni does not attain, that wisdom is
called Mona, i.e. wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., non-delusion,
choice, dharma, and approval; one who possesses that insight is named
Muni, who attains insight called Mona, etc. Whoever knows the Dharma of
the undead. and the dharma of all beings in the world both internally
and externally, transgressions, dharma are related, and craving is just
as the net exists, one who is endowed with gods. and human beings
worshiped That person is a muni. Whoever comes to criticize speech, he
attains speech for two reasons: being a doer, he attains speech.
reprimanded as a doer (accused) 1, one who is reprimanded by him,
becomes angry, offended, responds to anger, resentment, and hatred to
appear that I am not the doer. 1. Whoever will access the discourse That
person will have access to the word. Blame for these two reasons. A Muni
does not come to blame for two reasons: one who does not act, does not
come to blame for not doing anything; 1, who is criticized by them, does
not get angry, does not offend, does not answer. For these two reasons,
a muni does not attain, does not reach, does not hold, does not hold,
does not cling to words. The blame was born. Concerning the defilements
of the mind 3
[74] the word because of that Therefore, the defilements
of the mind are not found anywhere else. It is said that because of that
reason. because of that because of that because of that factor because
of that story It\'s good to be a person with a wrathful mind. The
existence of defilements, which arises, does not exist for the Muni. The
five defilements, the three defilements, namely lust, hatred, and
delusion, do not exist; they do not exist, they do not appear, they
cannot enter. Anmuni is abandoned, cut off, calmed, sedated, preventing
it from happening. Burned with fire is wisdom. The word anywhere is
anywhere, anywhere, anywhere, internally, externally, or both internally
and externally. therefore it is not for the Muni anywhere. The Blessed
One said, \"Some people have evil hearts. would really be to blame Even
if other peoples understand that it is true, they will criticize them,
but the Muni do not come to terms with the words that have arisen.
therefore not for the Muni anywhere.
[75] The Blessed One said: person
who goes after satisfaction established in the desire to be
disrespectful of how can he But when a person fills one\'s self, one
should say so. As for views
[76] How should one\'s view be overthrown?
\"What kind of opinions, such views, are contented, favored, hospitable?
This is the wish that we have killed her, Paripashika named Aesthetic.
The condemnation of the Sakyaputra has been announced. will bring back
fortune Worshiping that Sammana in this way care for those incapable of
transgressing one\'s views, preferences, preferences, doctrines,
dispositions, and wills. It is the disgrace that comes back to those who
love. Therefore, how is one supposed to transgress one\'s views even in
this way? Whoever has this saying, \'The world is eternal, this is true.
nothing else How should a person transgress, overstep well, overstep
one\'s view, preferences, preferences, doctrines, dispositions, and
wills? For what reason? Therefore, how is it that a person should
transgress his views? Even in this way. Any person who has a speech like
this: The world is not eternal ... The world is finite ... The world is
infinite. ...Life is that, body that is. ...Life is another body,
another body ...An animal before death is another. ...An animal in front
of you who is already dead will never be again. The beast in front of
him, but died, will be again. would not be again ...An animal in front
of you, but is already dead. It can\'t be again, it can\'t be again, it
can\'t be found this is true nothing else That person should transgress,
transgress, transgress well, overstep his views, pleasures, preferences,
doctrines, dispositions, and wills. How. What is the reason? Because
Such a view that one has attained, taken, cherished, cherished,
enthralled, and humiliated him to perfection. How can they be theirs?
even in this way. established in pleasure, saying that one who goes
according to his will, he goes, goes, drifts, moves according to his
views, pleasures, pleasures, his own doctrines, like a person, goes
forth, moves on, moves on an elephant, a vehicle, a vehicle. Horse,
Yanco, Yankee, Sheep, Sheep, Camel, Yanla, therefore it is called one
who goes after pleasure.
[78] The term \"person\", when fulfilled by
one\'s own self, means that a person completes, completes, completes,
does not fail, gives rise to excellence, sublime, splendid, presides,
supreme bowon, i.e., instilling in view. It only happened by itself that
This teacher is omniscient. This Dharma, which the Master has already
taught This Sangha has performed well. Ditthisee is prosperous This
sacrament The Prophet has made good ordinances. This path is a means for
eliminating, therefore it is called a person when acting. full by
oneself.
[79] The word that one knows, one should say so, means that
whatever one knows, one has to say, tell, speak, show, so declare. That
is, knowing that the world is eternal, this is true. Anything else, one
should say, say, speak, show, make such a statement. Knowing that the
world is impermanent, etc., the being in front of him is dead. Surely it
can\'t be again. would not be again this is true Anything else, one
should say, say, speak, show, and declare just like that. Therefore, it
is known that whatever you know, one should say that. The Blessed One
said, person who goes after satisfaction Having established himself in
his favor, how can he overstep one\'s view? But when a person fills
himself with knowledge, he should say so.
[80] The Blessed One said: no
one asked He tells others his precepts and rituals. The wise say that
there is no noble one. The wise said to them, There is no noble
dharma.
[81] The word \"anyone \... will tell its own precepts and
practices\", which means \"whatever\", any form, any form, any form, any
form, any status. It consists of any dharma, a king, a brahmin, a
sexist, a layman, a layman, a clergyman, a deity, or a human being. Some
are observances but not precepts. Concerning precepts and observances
Why is it a morality and an observance? restrained in the Patimokkha
arrived with Ajara and orbiting One who sees the dangers in the few
harms, is educated in all the precepts, calmness, caution, non-violence
in the precepts. This is the precept. Reconciliation is called the
observance. Therefore, it is called Sila. Because of the meaning of
meditation, it is called Vatra. This is called the precepts and the
observance. Why is it a ritual but not a precept? (The body of the monk
who eliminates defilements) 8 namely Arany, Kangkhadhu, Pindapati
Khangkhadhu. Pang Sukulikhang Tejewarikangkhadhu pilgrimage pilgrimage
Flute Panchabhatti Kangkhadhu Nesatchikangadhu Yathasanti Kangkhadhu
This is called a ritual, but it is not a precept. even the perseverance
It\'s called a ritual, but it\'s not a precept. That is to say, the
Great Being supported his will, leaving only skin, tendons and bones.
Let the flesh and blood dry up in your body. What brick fruit should be
achieved by the strength of a man? by the strength of men with the
perseverance of men, with the perseverance of men Failure to achieve
that There will be no stopping of striving, so even this kind of
reconciliation and persistence It is called an observance, but it is not
a precept. Our minds will never be freed from all taints because of not
holding on. We will not destroy the throne (Sitting due to the legs
crossed all around) Just like this, even this kind of reconciliation and
perseverance is called a ritual, but it is not a virtue. When the arrow
is a lust which we cannot yet withdraw, we will not eat, drink, or leave
the temple, nor will we lean back. It is called a ritual, but it is not
a precept. A monk maintains the mind that our mind will not be freed
from all taints. Because without any determination, we will not get up
from this asana. ...will not get off the court ...will not leave the
temple ...will not leave the house with a single bar roof ...will not
leave the castle ...will not leave the bald house ...will not leave the
cave ...will not leave the mountain cave \... will not leave the cubicle
...will not leave the top ...will not leave the fort ...will not leave
the roundhouse ...will not leave the house with a barrier \... will not
leave the pavilion that nourishes \... will not leave the mandap \...
will not leave the root of the tree just like that. Thus, even this kind
of reconciliation and persistence is called a practice but not a
precept. This morning I will bring it, bring it well, attain, correct,
and make manifest the noble dharma. Thus, even this kind of
reconciliation and perseverance is called a ritual, but it is not a
virtue. At noon today \... in this evening \... in the past. \...in the
aftermath of this meal ...in this early ...in this middle ...in the
latter days ...in this hotel ...in this upside down ...in this rainy
season ...in this winter ...this summer ...in this early age ...in this
middle age \...In this latter age, we will bring it, bring it well,
attain, right, and enlighten the noble dharma. It is called an
observance, but it is not a virtue. The word people are beings, nomads,
men, persons, living beings, born beings, deeds, and human beings,
therefore, whoever ... declares their own precepts and
observances.
[82] No one asks, they tell ... to other peoples, it is
said that other peoples are kings, brahmins, vaishas, suras, laymen,
ordinaries, devas, human beings. The word no one asks is that no one
asks, does not ask, does not ask, does not invite, does not invite. The
word says. That is, he boasts of his own precepts and observances,
virtues and rituals of his own. (Explains that) He boasts, speaks,
speaks, declares, saying that I am a person who has reached some
virtues. Arrived with some rituals with some precepts and observances,
with some life arrived with some descent with some being the son of the
family Even with being a person of some beauty arrived with some wealth
arrived with some invitations Arrived with some job duties with some
liberal arts Some with academic standing, some with education arrived
with some impartiality to be accompanied by an object, some ordained
from a higher family ordained from a large family Ordained from a family
with many wealth, some ordained from a family with great wealth He was
famous and had a higher rank than those of laymen and monks, and some
were given robes, alms, senas, and medicinal necessities. One who
remembers the sutras, or who rules the discipline. Somewhat fair Some
are the ones who live in the forest as a rite, some are the ones who
take alms as a rite. is a person holding a requiem as a observance He is
the holder of the three robes as a ritual is the holder of the alms
round in the order of the alleys is the holder of the food after some
observance is the holder of the sitting He is the one who holds the
sanasana which he has organized as a ritual, is he who has the first
jhāna, or is he who has the second jhāna. is a person who has a tertiary
meditation Some are the ones who have the Fourth Jhana, some are the
ones who have achieved their own sanctification. is a person who has
gained some self-sacrifice be a virtuous person some consciousness He is
the one who brings some promises and enlightenment. Therefore, it is
said that no one asks, will tell \... to other peoples.
[83] The word
that the wise say that there is no nobleness. It is said to be wise in
the senses. wise in the motto wise in mind wise in the assumption Wise
in power, wise in organics, wise in strength, wise in enlightenment,
wise in path, wise in fruit, wise in nirvana. That Dharma belongs to the
barbarians, that Dharma is not for the Aryans. that dharma of the
rascals That dharma is not for the wise, that dharma belongs to the
wicked, that dharma is not for the faithful, therefore the wise are
called. that there is no noble dharma.
[84] The word that any person
will tell himself, means that the self is called self. The word
self-declaration means that one boasts of oneself; that is, one boasts,
speaks, speaks, expresses, declares that I am the one who has reached
some virtue. Arrived with some rituals arrived with some precepts and
observances with some nations arrived with some descent with some being
the son of the family with some virtuous form, with some wealth arrived
with some invitations Arrived with some job duties with some liberal
arts arrived with some academic standing Some with education, some with
some intelligence. to be accompanied by some object ordained from some
high ranks ordained from a large family ordained from a family with some
wealth ordained from the family some big treasure He is famous and has
some rank than the laymen and monks. who received robes, alms, senas,
and some medicinal necessities who remembers some sutras some discipline
Somewhat fair is the holder of the forest for some is a person who holds
alms as a ritual bearer Requiem cloth as a measure He is the holder of
the three robes as a ritual is the holder of the alms round in order
Some of the alleys are routines. is the holder of the food after some
observance Some are the ones who are seated in the rules, or are they in
the seats that they have arranged for the rules? is the first person is
a person who has a second meditation is a person who has a tertiary
meditation is a person who has received the Fourth Jhana Some are the
ones who have the realization and some have the ones who have the real
ones. is a person who has a certain instinct a contract maker Therefore,
he is known as one who self-declares himself. Therefore, the Blessed One
said: no one asked He tells other people his morals and practices. The
wise say that there is no noble one. In addition, the wise people tell
themselves that there is no noble one.
[85] The Blessed One said: but
a peaceful monk quenching the defilements within oneself and not
boasting in the precepts that we are, thus, the wise say to that monk
that there is noble virtue; It does not rise to any monk anywhere in the
world, say the wise. That bhikkhu has noble dharma. One who is called a
bhikkhu. Having quenched one\'s defilements, it is said that he is calm,
because he is calm, quelling, quelling, burning, quenching, without
calmness, lust, resentment, delusion, anger, anger, enmity, arrogance,
envy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, stubbornness. Good rivalry,
pride, contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all
corruption. All anxiety, all fervor, all pain, all unwholesome
qualities. He is called a bhikkhu who is at peace, who has entered, is
calmed, has ceased, is calmed, therefore is called a person who is calm.
The word bhikkhu means that because he destroys seven things, he is
called a bhikkhu, namely, breaking tattoos, ditthi, vicikicha,
silabetta, rapa, rage, hatred, delusion and mana. That bhikkhu has
destroyed the filthy unwholesome qualities. which is a factor of
tarnishing to be born in a new world anxious suffering It is the
location of the future, old age, and death. Indeed, as the Blessed One
said: \"Whoever is worthy of these admiration, has reached nirvana by
means of the Dharma as the way to progress. Skip the doubt, and leave
the decline and progress. who is finished and who has a new life. That
person is a monk. On the other hand, one who is calm is a monk. The word
One who has quenched one\'s own defilements is said to be the one who
quenches lust, resentment, delusion, anger, anger, slander, equality,
jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, hardness, good rivalry,
arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence. All defilements, all
corruption all the restlessness all the fervor all the trouble
Abhisankhara is all unwholesome qualities, therefore he is called one
who has quenched his own defilements; therefore, he is called, but a
monk who is at peace The defilements within oneself have been
extinguished.
[87] The word not boasting in the precepts that we are
thus is the term itiham (I am thus) is the term per chapter. related to
the chapter full of chapters It is a congregation of letters, a
euphemism of consonants. The term itiham follows the order of the
chapters. The word does not boast in all precepts, it means that some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline are boastful. One who boasts, one
boasts, one boasts that I am attained by some virtue. Arrived with some
rituals with some precepts and observances, some with life arrived with
some descent with some being the son of the family Even with being of
some form, etc., he is the one who has promised himself or herself. This
bhikkhu does not boast, does not boast, that is, he abstains, abstains,
abstains, shakes off, is completely freed, does not associate with
boasting. One who has the mind freed from the realm of defilements,
therefore does not boast in the precepts that we are like this. Some of
these wise men are wise in aggregates, wise in elements, wise in senses,
wise in sagacity, wise in mindfulness. wise in the assumption wise in
power Wise in the organics, wise in strength, wise in enlightenment,
wise in the path, wise in fruit, wise in nirvana. That Dharma belongs to
the civilized people, that Dharma is not of the barbarians. that virtue
of the graduate Dharma is not of a fool That Dharma belongs to the
faithful, that Dharma is not for the evil people, therefore the name of
the wise say that monks. that there is noble dharma.
[89] The term
defilement which is the cause of regeneration does not apply to any monk
anywhere in the world. It is said that any monk is an Arahant whose
taint has passed away. Defilements are the cause of the arising of
defilements, that is, defilements are the causes of the rise of seven
things: lust, dosa, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, and defilements.
These rises do not exist, that is, they do not exist, they do not
appear, they cannot be entered, that is, the nature of the monk has been
abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, preventing it from happening.
Burned with fire is wisdom. The word goes anywhere, that is, anywhere,
anywhere, anywhere, internally, externally, or both internally and
externally. The word in the world is in the evil world, the human world,
the gods, the worlds, the world elements, the shame. The world,
therefore called defilement, which does not arise for any monk anywhere
in the world. The Blessed One said, but a peaceful monk quench the
passion within yourself Do not boast in the precepts that I am. So the
wise say that the monks, \"There is noble law. Moreover, defilement is
not a rise in any monk anywhere in the world,\" say the wise. That monk
has noble morals. Concerning views
[90] The Blessed One said: All the
Dharma of any lord It is the dharma that a person has determined, that
the factors that are done in the foreground, are not clean, exist, and
that person lives by the benefits he sees. in one\'s self and relying on
the peace that ensues coexistence occurs He should exalt himself or
suppress others.\

[91] The word Ditthi Dharma of any lord It is the Dhamma that has been
established by that person, which is made up of factors. It is said that
the word decree includes two decrees, namely the determination of lust,
the determination of lust, etc. This is called the determination of
lust, etc. This is called the decree. Determined with a view. The word
where the modifier factor is the modifier factor Cooked, Specially
Cooked, Cooked, Specially Cooked to set it down and ready, so it is
called the elaborate factor Another word that enhances including the
impermanent an improved factor Dharma coexisting, there is an
extinction, there is a cessation, there is a regurgitation, there is a
cessation. Therefore, it is called a condition that enhances. Whichever
word is of the lord of view, the 62 things are called ditthi dharma,
hence the name of all ditthi of any lord It is fair that that person has
already determined.
[92] The word action is in the foreground, it is
not clean, it is said that the action is in the foreground. Including
the actions in the foreground are two things. An action in the
foreground with lust, this action in the foreground with one view, etc.
is called an action in the foreground with lust, etc. This is called an
action in the foreground with one view. do not leave action in front
with passion not giving up his actions in the foreground with a view
because he does not give up his actions in the foreground with lust
Because he does not give up his actions in the foreground with views,
that person is called lusting and lusting. lust is the top flag have a
great passion Have a view as a triumphant flag with a view as the top
flag have great views some lustful Some viewpoints wander around,
therefore it is called acting in the foreground. The word exist, that
is, exists, appears and enters. The word is not pure, is not clean, is
not pure, is not pure, is dull, is impure, therefore is not done in the
foreground. White, clean, there are.
[93] The word virtue seen in
one\'s self means yattani, cut as yattani. Ditthi is called self. That
person sees two virtues of his own view. That is, the merits are in this
life, the merits are in the next life. 1. What are the virtues of view
in this life? The Master is observant, and the disciples are observant.
The disciples pay homage to, respect, venerate, venerate, revere, and
revere the Master, who has such a view, and receive robes, alms, alms,
and medicinal necessities. Having that teacher is a cause, this is
called the virtue of view in this life. What is the virtue of view in
the next life? One would expect in the future that this view should be
for the sake of a Naga, a Garuda, a Giant, a Demon, a Guru, a Maharaj,
is Indra, is Brahma, or is a deity, this view should be for the sake of
purity, sanity, sanctity, emancipation, emancipation, emancipation. This
is called the virtue of the view: in the next life one sees, sees, sees,
sees, and considers these two virtues of one\'s view; therefore, is
called the virtue that is seen in oneself. By peace 3
[94] The word
that a person relies on merit and relies on peace that resides in which
cohabitation arises. It means that there are three kinds of peace: peace
by one part, one by one, one by one, by one assumed, one by one. Why is
the only part? Immortal nirvana: the cessation of all sankharas, the
renunciation of all objections. The cessation of craving, the
regurgitation, the cessation of craving, is called the one-part peace,
this is the one-part peace. Why? There is a peaceful new one. The
achiever The second jhana is calm and the critics are calm. Those who
have reached the Second Jhana are happy. Those who have reached the
Second Jhana are happy and Suffering ceases. One who attains the
realization of meditation, has the form of a contract. A man who has
reached his peace of mind. with the spirit of the intellect, the pact is
at peace. have a commitment Calm down. This is called peace by him What
is assuming peace? Ditthi 62 is a view that has calmed down. It is
called assuming peace. fictitious peace The Blessed One wishes for peace
in this spell. The person is a person who lives by virtue and relies on
aggravated peace. The word abiding is that the word dwell is entangled,
entangled, attracted, complacent (that virtue), and reaching peace,
which is aggravated, that is, aggravated, swayed, swayed, shaken, and
has reached what has been determined by oneself. which one has
determined, impermanent, conditioned Coexistence arises, it vanishes,
fades, vomits, ceases, therefore it is called a person who lives by
virtue, and by virtue of the aggravated peace that coexistence arises.
The Blessed One said, All the Dharma of any lord It is fair that that
person has already determined. at the modifier factor which is done in
the foreground, is not clean, exists, and that person lives by the
merits seen in him and through the accelerating peace that arises from
the co-existence, one should exalt or suppress others. steadfast belief
It is not a symptom that is easily transgressed. It is not a symptom
that is easily transgressed. The people renounce some dharmas, adhere to
dharmas. It is not a symptom that is easily transgressed. It is said
that the concept of steadfastness is steadfastness, adherence, that the
world is eternal. only this is true nothing else Or adherence to hold
that the world is not permanent, this is only true, nothing else. The
world has the end \... the world has no end ...that life, that body,
that...that life, another body. ...An animal that dies before it will be
again ...An animal that dies before it will never again be. ...An animal
in front of you, but will die again. would not be again ...An animal in
front of him that dies will live again, neither will he ever again. Only
this thing is true, nothing else, so it is called the belief in view.
The word is not a symptom that is easily transgressed, that is, it is a
condition that is difficult to overcome, difficult to overcome,
difficult to overstep. It is difficult to behave, therefore it is called
stubbornness. It is not a symptom that is easily transgressed.
[97]
The word for reaching agreement in all dharmas and holding on means that
in all dharmas, in view 62. The word reaching agreement means having
settled, decisive, seeking, seeking. Compare, inspect, investigate, make
it clear to be seen, to hold, to hold, to hold, to hold, to to hold, to
to be gathered That this is true, true, is true, is true, is not
perverted, therefore it is called that having reached agreement in all
dharmas and sticking to it.
[98] The word therefore, therefore, in
those convictions, the people \... means therefore. That is, therefore,
because of that event because of that because of that factor Because of
that tale. The word norachon is the being, the narrator, the man, the
person, the living, the born, the beast, the karma, the human being. The
word in these clinging is that in all the views, therefore it is called
because of that. hence the name in those beliefs On the renunciation of
two things
[99] The word renounces some dharma. Holding on to some
Dharma, it is said that the word surrender is to renounce for two
reasons: renunciation by the judgment of others; 1, without success for
one\'s own benefit, therefore giving up. that the Prophet is not
omnipotent, the Dharma of the Prophet is not the Dharma that the Prophet
has said well. The group is not a good practice. Ditthi is not a
prosperous view. The practice is not a good practice by the Prophet. The
path is not the way to get out of suffering, purification, purification.
Purity, liberation, excellence, or emancipation It is not in this
doctrine that people are not pure, not perfect, not perfect, not
perfect, not perfect, not perfect because of that doctrine. The doctrine
is vile, depraved, obscene, filthy, inferior. Others judge like this.
When judged in this way, he renounces the Master, renounces the
teachings that the Master said, renounces his group, renounces his
views, renounces the way, renounces the way. In this way, the people who
do not achieve their own benefits, so how do they renounce? He renounces
the precepts that are not fulfilling the precepts and the teachings to
achieve their benefits. He clings to some dharma, that is, the people
hold, he clings, he clings to the teacher. The Dharma that the Master
told, the group, the view, the way, hence the name of abandoning the
Dhamma. because of that The Blessed One said, steadfast belief It is not
a symptom that is easily transgressed. It is not a symptom that is
easily transgressed. The people renounce some dharmas, adhere to
dharmas.
[100] would not exist for a person who has Wisdom anywhere in
the world, because a person who has attained wisdom and mana, has no
access to defilements. What defilements should be accompanied by the
wise? There is none for a wise person anywhere in the world. Wisdom is
called dhona, which is knowledge, omniscience, electiveness. selection
all over discrimination Determination of goodness Accessibility defines
accessibility only defines graduation intelligence The intelligence of
self-preservation, intelligence, discriminant, intelligence of thought.
machine intelligence to see Wisdom as vast as the land, wisdom, the
destroyer of defilements Wisdom leading around machine intelligence
consciousness wit piercing machine obvious machine intelligence wisdom
is great wisdom is strength Wisdom is a science Wisdom is just like a
castle bright wisdom clear wisdom prosperous wisdom Wisdom is like a
glass, non-delusion, choosing Dharma. Consensus Why? Wisdom is called
Thona. It is a machine to remove, cleanse and cleanse the corrupt body,
corrupt speech, corrupt conscience, lust, anger, hatred, anger, anger,
blasphemy, equality, jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness,
hardness, good competition, pride, contempt, drunkenness, negligence,\
all passions, corruption. all all the restlessness all the fervor All
suffering, Abhisankhara is all unwholesome qualities. therefore wisdom
is called Tona. Another one. Sammaditthi is the machine for eliminating,
purifying, washing away the dead. contemplation \...which is
micchasankappa, sammāvaca \...which is micha sankappa Sammakammanta
...which Mitchakammanta, Sammā vocational ...which Mitchā Vajāva, Sammā
Vayama ...which Mitchāvayama, Sammāsati ...which mishāsathi, Sammādhi
...which Mitchāvayama, Sammāyana ...which Mitchayana Sammā Vimutti is
another one that removes, washes, cleans The Noble Eightfold Path is
eliminated, washed, cleansed, cleansed of all defilements, all
defilements. all the restlessness all the fervor all the trouble
Abhisankhara is all unwholesome qualities. An Arahant reaches, reaches,
enters, enters, approaches, approaches, comes together, comes together
with all these eliminating dharmas. Therefore, an Arahant is called The
wise one has eliminated lust, sin, defilement, and lust, therefore he is
called wise. In the world, i.e. in the ill-conceived world, etc., in the
sense of the world. The word decree includes two decrees, namely, decree
by lust, one decree by view, etc. This is called decree by lust, etc.
This is called decree by view. in the little world and in the big world
in the small and large images, ie, in kamma-vatana and in vipa-vatana;
In vipavatana is the birthing machine in the sensual world. In karma, it
is a machine that is born in the form. In vipavatā it is a machine that
is born in the form; in Karma it is a machine that is born in the
non-formal world. In vipakhava is the object of birth in the non-formal,
in frequent birth, in frequent occurrence. in frequent access in
frequent fertilization in the occurrence of selfishness often. The word
ditthi that is defined for being born in the little world and the big
world. There is none for a wise person anywhere in the world, that is,
the view that is established, established, established, established, in
all the small and great worlds there is neither, nor does it exist, does
not appear, does not enter. To a wise person anywhere in the world is a
view. One who is wise is abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed,
preventing it from happening, burned down, by fire is wisdom, therefore
it is called the view that is set for birth in small and great worlds.
in the world. Concerning manners and mana.
[102] The word that a
person who is wise has abandoned manners and mana. that deceitful
behavior Called manners. Some people in this world corrupt behavior
verbal corrupt behavior corrupt behavior would make obscene desires
Because of the concealment of corruption, that is, he wishes that no one
knew me (that I was corrupt), thinking that no one knew me, verbally
said, \"Whoever does not know me, will try with the body that no one
will know me.\" Being a person who is deceitful, ignorant, disguise,
concealment, evasion, concealment, secret, concealment, concealment,
non-shallowness. nondisclosure closeness This kind of evil deeds are
called delusions. The word mana is egoism, one is egoism, two egos, one
is egotism, one is egotism, one is ego, three is ego. that I am better
than him, I am equal to him, I am inferior to him, 1. Four kinds of
pride: a person produces pride because of good fortune; 1 is pride, born
because of rank; 1, pride is born because of praise. 1 Convincing
oneself to be born of happiness 1. Five things of egoism: We obtain a
form that pleases one, and conceit arises. that we have a pleasing sound
We have a pleasant smell, one with conceit that arises that We have a
taste that pleases us, and we have conceited that I have touched that
which is pleasing to my heart. ...the readiness of the ears ...the
readiness of the nose ...the readiness of the tongue \...the readiness
of the body, the readiness of the mind, the seven kinds of arrogance: 1
arrogance 1 arrogance and arrogance 1 arrogance 1 arrogance 1 arrogance
I am rich: one is conceited and one is wrong; eight things are egotism
that arises because of wealth; one is egotism that arises because of
corruption; one is selfishness because of rank; one is egotism. to be
born because of disgrace Born from praise, 1 to conceit because of
gossip, 1 to conceit because of happiness, 1 to conceit because of
suffering, one of nine egos, namely, our estimation that we are better
than good people. 1 Assertiveness We are equal with good people. We are
worse than good people. We are better than people of the same class. We
are equal with people of the same class. We are worse than people of the
same class. We are better than the bad ones, the pretension that we are
equal to the bad ones. I am worse than the bad. 1. Ten kinds of egotism:
Some people in this world hold selfishness because of their birth,
because of their clan, 1 because of being a son of the family, 1 because
of their beauty, 1 because of wealth. 1 because of invitation, 1 because
of work, 1 because of liberal arts, 1 because of academic standing, 1
because of education, 1 because of intelligence, 1 because of any object
(12), arrogance, arrogance. The arrogance of the mind, the high
ambition, the elevation, the steadfastness, the uplifting, the high
desire of the flag, this is called arrogance. A person who has lost
wisdom and mana He who is wise, refrains, relieves, eliminates, renders
no manners and mana. hence the name A person who possesses wisdom and
decency Now, it\'s about two kinds of defilements that can reach.

[103] The word (that person with that intelligence) is a person who
has no defilements. to be filled with defilements, what is said that
defilements reach These are defilements, which are accessed to two
things, namely, defilements, which are accessorized to craving, which
are desires, which are defilements, which are viewpoints, etc. This is
called defilements, this is called defilements. The access machine is
ditthi. A wise person abandons desires, which is lust. give back the
passion Access is Ditthi because he is the one who renounces
defilements, accessibility is lust Relinquishing the defilements that
have accessed, is ditthi, hence the name, that there is no defilement. A
wise person will go with lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, utdhacca,
vicikitcha. is determined, resentful, delusional, bound, clinging to the
distraction of disagreement Reached by strength. that the wise have
left, because he has abandoned the defilements One should go into all
the mottos with what defilements it says: being a being born in hell?
Born in the Beast Born as a human being, a deity, an animal, a form, a
formless being. a contracted animal Neither is an animal with no
contract or is a beast with contract, neither does it nor does it have a
covenant. A person who is wise is without cause, without cause, without
destiny, and therefore is called a person without defilements. What will
you be addicted to? Therefore, the Blessed One said that the view set
for birth in the small world and the great world does not exist anywhere
in the world for a wise person. Bye bye manners and mana is a person who
has no access to desires What defilement?
[104] The Blessed One said:
Person who has access to passion How will one come to reprimand in all
dharmas? How should anyone criticize a person who has no defilements
accessed by defilements? Ditthi is considered non-existent. would not be
for a person those who do not have access to that passion A person who
has no defilements has attained, has shaken off all views in this
world.
[105] It is said that defilements are accessed to two things:
defilements that are accessed to craving, which is craving, which is
craving, which is viewpoint, etc. This is called desire, which is
craving, etc.; this is called passion that is accessibility is ditthi.
That person does not give up the passion, the accessibility is lust. not
giving back the passion Access is Ditthi because he is the one who does
not give up the desires, access is lust Not giving up the desire to
reach is view therefore came to the words of rebuke in all the dharmas
that He is greedy, irritable, delusional, bound, clinging to
distractions and disagreements. or reached by strength. Those
defilements and garnishes, which the person does not abandon because he
is not a person who does not neglect the spices that is to reach, to
receive, to hold on to, to hold on to the slogan by the motto that a
beast born in hell Born in the Beast Born as a human being, a deity, a
creature with a form. a shapeless animal a contracted animal is an
animal without a contract Or is it not a contract animal? There is no
covenant, therefore it is said that a person who has access to
defilements enters the remarks of all dharmas.
[106] How is it that one
should criticize a person who has no defilements accessed by
defilements? Access includes Defilements come into two things:
defilements, accessibility, namely craving, defilements, detthi, etc.
This is called defilements, accessibility is craving, etc., this is
called defilements, accessibility is view. Giving back what defilements
reach, which is view, because one who gives up defilements,
accessibility is lust. Relinquishing the defilements that reach into
view is view. Who is to blame a person without defilement, who is
approached by lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, utdhaca, vicikicha,
anusai, who is greedy, resentful, delusional, bound, clinging to
distraction? to disagreement or by his strength, defilements,
defilements, which those persons have abandoned, because he has forsaken
defilements, what defilement of that person should one say that he is
born in hell, etc., or is he who has a promise? There is no covenant, it
is not. A person without defilements has access to it, there is no
cause, no cause, there is no way to say, tell, speak, show, and declare.
Therefore, what is the name of a person who is to blame for a person who
has no defilements accessed by defilements?
[107] The word because of
view is considered to exist. Ditthi is considered non-existent. There
will be none for a person without defilements. The accessibility means
that the view is self-existent. such as satsatitthi, there is no Ditthi
is considered to be nonexistent, i.e. Uccadithi does not exist. Ditthi
is considered to exist. is something that cannot be held Ditthi is
considered non-existent. is something to let go No. Whoever has
something to hold That person has something to let go. Who has something
to let go that person has something to hold An arahant transgresses into
egotism and liberation. Progress and disgrace have passed away. Having
practiced the Dharma as a course of action, etc., there is no new world,
therefore it is called Ditthi. Ditthi is considered non-existent. will
not exist for those who do not have defilements accessibility.
[108]
The word because a person without defilements has accessed, shattered
all views. In this world, there is this view that there is the 62 view
that a person without defilements has renounced, severed, calmed,
stopped and prevented it from happening Burned with fire is wisdom. A
person who has no defilements has access to it, shattered, erasing,
erasing, eliminating, eliminating, ending, leading to the absence of all
views. In this world, therefore, he is called a person without
defilements. Salad Everything in this world. Because of that. The
Blessed One said, Person who has access to passion will attain censure
in all dharmas. with what defilements and how, because the view is
considered to exist Ditthi is considered non-existent. would not be for
a person those who do not have access to that passion A person who does
not have access to defilements has\
shattered all views in this world. As follows. End of the 3rd
Duthakasuttaniddess. ---------- The 4th Suddhatthakasuttaniddess
[109]
The Blessed One said: We will see the purest people. that he is
absolutely disease-free, pure and virtuous, having the essence of
opinion. One who, knowing only this, knows that this view is excellent,
then one believes that that view is insight. That person is the one who
sees purification. Regarding the one who sees purification
[110] In
the word, one sees a person who is pure. He is absolutely disease-free.
It is said that we will see pure people. That is, we see, look, look,
examine, and contemplate. The pure. The word No disease at all, that is,
being absolutely disease-free to the Dharma of Kasem to the dharma to
resist Dharma is the exception to the Dharma as a refuge To the Dharma
is ahead To the Dharma, there is no danger Even though the Dharma
doesn\'t move Even the dharma does not die, to nirvana. Therefore, we
will see the pure people. that he is not a disease very much.
[111] The
word purity has the essence of the people. Because of the view, there is
a person who is pure, pure, extraordinary, liberating, liberating,
ending because of the vision of form through the eye of the soul,
therefore it is called purification. Well, there is a person\'s essence
because of opinion.
[112] The word man, having known only this, knows
that this view is excellent, thus, that person, when he knows only, is
universal knowledge, extraordinary knowledge, special knowledge. Always
stabbed in this way, I know, I know, I have examined, I have examined, I
have examined, I have examined, I have made it clear that this view is
excellent, that is, that this view is excellent, that is, that this view
is excellent, that it is excellent, that it is excellent, that it is the
subject, that it is supreme. This is excellent as follows.
[113] The
word believes that opinion is insight. that person\'s name consider
Seeing purity means that one sees an innocent person. That person is the
person who considers it. sees purity. The word believes that opinions
are insights, meaning that one believes The view of form by the eye of
the soul as insight, as a way, as a channel, as a means of emancipation,
therefore, is said to believe that view is insight. that person\'s name
He is the one who sees the purity. The Blessed One said, We will see the
purest people. that he is absolutely disease-free, pure and virtuous,
having the essence of opinion. One who, knowing only this, knows that
this view is excellent, then one believes that that view is insight.
That person is said to see purification.
[114] The Blessed One said
that if purification were to be seen by the people, or that people will
be able to give up suffering with the intellect that people who still
have can be purified by other paths, because the view tells the people
that He was the one who said that. with regard to purification etc.

[115] The word, if purification is the essence of the people with
opinions, if purification, excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, liberation, there is the essence, that is, the people. Pure,
pure, extraordinary, pure, utterly liberated, liberated, liberated,
liberated by the vision of form with the eye of the soul, therefore it
is said that if purification is at its core. with the view.
[116] The
word, or that human being, with intellect, abandons suffering, is to say
that if a person abandons birth, suffering, old age, suffering,
suffering, suffering, suffering is sorrow, lamentation, body pain, pain
and suffering. regret with picture comments by the eye of the spirit,
therefore it is called, or that such a person liberates suffering
through insight.
[117] It is purified by another path, that is, the
nobles are purified, virtuous, virtuous, virtuous, surpassed, surpassed,
surpassed by another avenue, that is, the virtuous path, the wrong path,
the path that cannot lead. In addition to satipatthana, simphatthana,
power, organic matter, strength, bojjhang, the Noble Path 8. The Noble
Eightfold Path means that one who has attachment is also possessing
passion, hatred, moha, mana, lust, ditthi, defilements, and clinging.
other ways.
[118] The word because of the view would tell the people
that One who speaks like that, saying, That\'s the view that tells that
person: This person is a hypocrite. Even for this reason, the word
\'speaker\', that is, one who speaks, speaks, speaks, speaks, speaks;
that is, one who speaks, speaks, speaks, declares, declares that the
world is eternal; this is true. Nothing else. The world is finite. ...
The world is infinite. Anatomy is something else. ...An animal that dies
before it will be again ...An animal that dies before it will never
again be. ...Animals in front but die would be again would not be again
...An animal in front of you, but dies, cannot live again. This is true,
nothing else is, therefore it is called, because the view tells that
person, He was the one who said that. The Blessed One said, \"If
purification is at its core by the view, or is that human being able to
renounce suffering through insight? that people who still have can be
purified by other paths, because the view tells the people that was the
one who spoke so.
[119] The Blessed One said: Brahmins do not speak
purely in their emotions. In the sense that is heard, morals and
observances, or emotions known by other paths, that brahman, who does
not enter into merit and sin, renounces what he calls non-doing in this
world.
[120] The word Brahman does not speak of purity. in the mood
Emotions that are heard, morals and observances, or feelings that are
known by other paths, mean that the word Na is negative, and the word
Brahman means that a person is a Brahmin. because he has floated away
the seven virtues, namely, a person who is floating, a person who is a
person who is a Brahmin. has floated away all the unwholesome virtues
which is the factor of misery to be born in a new world with anxiety
suffering It is the continuation of national aging, aging, and death.
Indeed, as the Blessed One said: \'Whoever is freed from all sins,
without any blemish, has a well-established mind, has established
himself. that person is called One who has accomplished his work because
he has pityed, lusts for no dwelling, is steadfast, is called a brahmin.
Concerning belief is considered auspicious and unauthentic. A brahmin
does not say purification. tell, don\'t speak, don\'t show, don\'t make
a statement, which is pure Exceptional purification, circumstance,
liberation, excellence, liberation through other paths, that is, by the
impermanent path, wrong practice, the path which does not lead to
satipatthana, supplication, power, organic, strength, bojjha, the Noble
Eightfold Path. The name Brahman does not speak of purity. ...by another
path. in the mood Emotions that are heard, precepts and observances, or
feelings that are known, mean that some brahmins desire purity by seeing
form. Those recluses and brahmins believed in seeing certain forms as
auspicious, and believed in seeing certain forms: not auspicious. would
trust to see these images as auspicious? would see all the images that
are of the most auspicious occasion, namely, seeing the birds swallow
the wind, seeing the fruit see a pregnant woman He saw the man who gave
the girl a walk, saw a pot full of water, saw a carp. saw a horse saw a
chariot with horses, saw a male ox, saw a spotted oxen would trust to
see such a form as auspicious. would believe that these views are not
auspicious? Those brahmins saw a pile of straw, saw a cauldron. Seeing
an empty pot, seeing a dancer, seeing a monk naked, seeing a donkey,
seeing a ship imitated with donkeys. Seeing a vehicle imitated by a
single vehicle, seeing the blind, seeing the lame, the lame, the weak,
seeing the old, seeing the sick, seeing the dead, one believes that
seeing such a form is not auspicious. Desire for purity, by seeing form,
one believes in purity. excellence, excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, liberation, by seeing form. There are some ascetics and
brahmins Longing for purity by hearing voices, those recluse and
brahmins trust hearing certain voices as auspicious. would trust to hear
something that it is not auspicious. would trust to hear these sounds as
auspicious? The brahmins got up early in the morning. One would hear the
sounds of a very auspicious event, that is, to hear the sound of
prosperity. sound that is thriving The sound is full, the sound is
white, the sound is not sorrowful. sound that is kind auspicious sound
auspicious sound sound that there is siri or the sound that prosperous
with Siri would trust the hearing The voice saw it as auspicious. Those
brahmins would trust to hear these sounds that are not auspicious? those
brahmins will hear that the person is blind lame sound The sound of a
sparrow, the sound of a weary person, the sound of an old man. sound
that people are hurt the sound of the dead sound cut the sound is
destroyed sound of fire the sound of lost or the sound that there is no
would trust to hear a voice like this that it is not auspicious. would
desire purity by hearing would trust the purity Superlative excellence,
excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation, through hearing. on
purity with precepts and observances There are some brahmins Desire for
purity with morality Those brahmins pure trust excellence, excellence,
liberation, liberation, liberation, liberation, because of the precepts
because of the conscientiousness reason for caution the reason that the
Violate the precepts Priest\'s name Saying thus: \"Carpenter, I decreed
that a person possessed of these four virtues, He is a person who has
good merit. A worthy enlightenment, a recluse, an invincible one, what
are the four things? Puris person in this world He does not commit sin
with the body, he does not speak lewd speech, he does not think of lewd
reasons, he does not rely on a lewd occupation, carpenter, I command. A
person who is endowed with these four qualities is virtuous, complete,
extremely wholesome. He is a worthy arhat, a recluse, one that no one
can fight against. Those ascetics and brahmins believe in purity,
excellence, excellence, liberation, excellence, liberation, because of
the morality. because of the conscientiousness reason for caution There
is a reason for not violating the precepts like this. There are some
ascetics and brahmins Desire for purity with rituals Those brahmins were
clergyman (behave like an elephant) some behavior some behavior some
behavior conduct some wasu devawat some divine behavior Behavior
Punnaphatthawat Behavior Mani Bhattawat some kind of behavior some
future behavior some supannawat behavior some behavior some evil
behavior some gandhaphawat behavior some great behavior some lunar
behavior some surreal behavior some behavior some brahmin behavior some
divine behavior conduct some dissatisfaction. Those brahmins Desire for
purity with rituals would trust the purity excellence, excellence,
liberation, liberation, liberation, liberation with the enlightenment.
There are some ascetics and brahmins who desire purification with a
known emotion. will touch the land Touching green things, touching
komai, touching turtles, stepping on nets, handling sesame carts.
chewing white sesame white sesame oil chewing white tooth stick Bathing
in chalk, white clothes, white turbans. Those brahmins desire for purity
with a known mood would trust the purity Magical purity, excellence,
liberation, excellence, liberation, with known emotions. Brahmins do not
speak purely in their emotions. Emotions that are heard, morals and
observances, or emotions that are known by other paths, namely, a
brahmin does not speak, does not tell, does not speak, does not show,
does not express, is purely pure by seeing some form. by purity by
hearing, by purity by virtue by purity with some observance By the
purity of the emotions that are known, therefore, the Brahmins do not
say the purity of the emotions they see. Emotions that are heard, morals
and observances, or feelings that are known by other paths. Concerning
the abandoning of merit and sin
[121] The word Brahman, who does not
become entrenched in merit and sin, means virtuous deeds. to be
fertilized in one of the tri-elements (kamma-element, form-element,
non-figure-element) called merit. All are called sins, not merits.
Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisangkhara is a condition that has been
abandoned by the Brahmins. has a severed root cause it to have a
location like a palm tree There is no future naturally occurring; at any
time, such a brahmin is not attached, not attached, not attached, not
attached, not attached, one who goes forth, renounces, is liberated, is
not involved in merits and deeds. Sin is the one who has the mind to be
free. from the land of passion For this reason, therefore, he is called
a brahmin who does not enter into merit and Sin. Concerning the
abandonment of oneself
[122] The word neglect which oneself is called
the one who does not do more in this world is the renunciation of
oneself, which is the abandon of one\'s view that is considered one\'s
own. Another word for abandoning one\'s self is to hold onto, hold on,
hold on to, be attracted to, with the ability of lust. with the ability
of view, respect, etc. It is the nature of the brahmins who have
renounced, vomited, abandoned, renounced. Don\'t do more in this world,
that is, don\'t do more. Punyaphisangkhara, apunya phisangkhara,
anenchaphisangkhara, meaning not to be born, not to be born ready. not
to be born not to be born only, therefore it is called abandoning what
oneself is called a person who does not do more in this world. The
Blessed One said, Brahmins do not speak purely in their emotions.
Emotions that are heard, morals and observances, or feelings that are
known by other paths, that brahmin, who does not get caught up in merits
and sins, renounces what he calls undoing, dwells in this world.
[123]
Those ascetics and brahmins left their trees, relied on their backs, and
followed their pursuits. inevitably can not cross the related passions
Those recluses and brahmins, holding on to them, abandon them, like a
monkey grabs and leaves a branch in front of him. Therefore, it\'s about
holding and putting away from defilements.
[124] The word \"Leave the
Tree, Reside on the Back\" means \"Those brahmins and recluses, leave
the early teachers, reside on the back teachers. disobeying the
teachings of the Master Relying on the teachings of the Master,
abandoning the first group, relying on the latter group, abandoning the
first line, relying on the rear view, abandoning the first way, relying
on the rear path, relying on the first way, relying on, relying on,
intertwined, reaching, attracting, indulging in the latter way. that
those brahmins go after the quest inevitably crosses the passion It can
be related. It is said that lust is called lust, i.e. lust, lust, etc.
Apiccha, lobha, akusala. to go after the pursuit: to go after, to go
after, to go after, to go after, to go after the search which the
pursuit has taken over, the mind of which the desire has taken over. He
does not go over the related defilements, that is, he does not cross
over, does not go over, does not pass over, does not pass over, does not
pass over the defilements associated with it, namely lust, hatred,
delusion,\
mana, view, defilement, defilement, and therefore are called brahmins
who pursue their pursuits. inevitably can not cross the related
passions.
[126] The words that recluse and brahmins take hold of them,
say, \"Those recluses and brahmins take the teacher and leave the
teacher.\" would hold other teachers will hold the dharma that the
Master has told would hold the dharma that other prophets say would hold
a group Leaving one group and taking another view, abandoning it and
taking another view. would hold an oath If he abandons that path and
follows another path, he follows that path and follows another path.
They hold and let go, that is, they hold and give up, therefore they are
called those brahmins who hold and leave.
[127] The word is like a
monkey grabbing and dropping a branch in front of him, therefore many
recluses and brahmins hold and let go, that is, hold on and give up many
views like a traveling monkey Going into the big forest catches a
branch. Take off that branch and grab another. It takes off another
branch and catches another. Therefore, therefore, it is called like a
monkey grabbing and leaving a branch in front of him. Therefore. Because
of that The Blessed One said, \"Those ascetics and brahmins left their
trees and settled on their backs and followed their pursuits. inevitably
can not cross the related passions Those recluses and brahmins, holding
on to them, abandon them, like monkeys grabbing and leaving branches in
front of them.
[128] Jantujan recited all the rituals by himself. being
a participant in the contract would be wrong, right, personal,
knowledgeable Knowing the Dharma with all knowledge be wise as wide as
the land would not go wrong Right. Concerning wrong and right conduct.

[129] The words chantujana meditate themselves are mādāna mādāna are
mādāna mādāna mādāna. I have taken over Taken generously, conceived,
accepted, cherished, held on to Hatthiwat, Assawatra, Kowat, Kukkurawat,
Kawat, Wasu Devawat, Poldevavat, Punnabhat, Maniphattawatra, Akkiwat,
Nagawat, Supan. Nawat, Yakkhawat, Asurawat, etc. Dissawatra. The word
Jantuchon is an animal, a person, etc., a human being, therefore it is
called a Jantuchon, a samatha.
[130] The word is a person involved in
the contract. It is said that from the first teacher to the teacher
after the dharma that the first teacher told about the dharma that the
later teacher told. from the first group to the last group, from the
first group to the second group From the first precept to the latter
from the beginning to the latter. being involved in a contract, that is,
a person involved in a contract at the nail that is nailed to the lid or
on the hook; therefore, it is called a person involved in the contract
would be doing wrong That\'s right. One who knows the seven things.

[131] The word person who has knowledge Knowing the Dharma by all
knowledge means having knowledge, that is, having knowledge, that is,
knowledge, knowledge, wisdom, enlightenment. intelligent wise as a
machine Destroy the passion. The word With all knowledge, there is
wisdom in the four paths, wisdom, intelligence, wisdom, strength, and
dharma-vidyasamphojha. Wisdom is the contemplation of Vipassana,
right-sightedness is called knowledge. A person who has knowledge
reaches the end, at the end, at the end, at the end, at the end, at the
end. to the end reach the end to the defense Attaining a defense,
reaching a secret, attaining a secret, reaching a refuge, attaining
refuge, reaching nowhere. achieve innocence to the incarnation Attaining
non-rebirth, reaching non-death, attaining non-death, reaching nirvana,
attaining nirvana, aging and dying. with all those knowledge. On the
other hand, a person is called Vetaku because of the meaning that it
reaches the end of all knowledge. to the end with some knowledge, and is
called Vetaku, because he is enlightened of the seven things, namely,
the enlightened of all the unwholesome qualities that are obscene.
miserable to be born in a new world anxious suffering It is the
continuation of national aging, old age, and death. Indeed, as the
Blessed One said: \"Look, the person who chooses all the Vedas of the
Brahmins, who is free from all feelings, is free from lust. Passed all
spells The name is Magic. knowledgeable person to know the Dharma with
all knowledge, that is, to know, to know only the Dhamma, to know, to
know only the Dhamma, All things are impermanent. All sankharas are
suffering. All dharmas are selfless. Because avijja is a factor, there
is a body. Because body is a factor, there is spirit. Because the spirit
is the factor, there is name and form; because name and form are the
factor, there is salvation. Because salayatana is a factor, there is
contact. Because touch is a factor, there is feeling. Because suffering
is a factor, there is lust. Because craving is a factor, there is
clinging; because clinging is a factor, there is existence. Because the
world is a factor, there is a nation Because life is a factor, there is
aging and death, because ignorance is extinguished. Because the body is
extinguished, the soul is extinguished. Because of the cessation of the
soul, the name and form are extinguished, because the name and form are
extinguished. Because of the death, the contact is extinguished, because
the contact is extinguished, the feeling is extinguished because the
feeling is extinguished, the desire is extinguished Because craving is
extinguished, clinging is extinguished; because of clinging, the
existence is extinguished; because the existence is extinguished, life
is extinguished. because of the cessation of aging and death, and
knowing only what the Dhamma is, this is suffering, this is the cause of
suffering. this cessation of suffering This is the practice leading to
the cessation of suffering. this cessation This is the practice leading
to the cessation of taints. These virtues should be ignored. These
dharmas should be developed, these dharmas should be made known and
known. He knows only the Dhamma, namely the origin, the cessation, the
virtues, the blame, and the plot. emancipation of contact 6. and knowing
only the dharma, namely the origin, the cessation, the virtue, and the
deviating scheme of clinging to the aggregates 5. and knowing only the
dharma, namely the origin, the cessation, the blame and the plot out of
the Great Spirit Form 4. And know, know only the Dharma something There
is a common occurrence All things are naturally extinguished. therefore.
knowledgeable person know the Dharma with all knowledge. will not go
wrong and right. It is said that a person who is as wise as the land
inevitably from the first teacher to the later teacher, not from the
dharma that the early teacher said. to the dharma that the Prophet said
not from the early group to the latter group Not from the first view,
not from the first view. to the latter not from the beginning to the
latter part. The word a person who is as wise as the land that is, great
wisdom, great wisdom, wisdom as a joy, quick-witted, sharp-witted.
Wisdom is the tool to destroy defilements. The earth says: Puri. A
person with wide wisdom spreads evenly with that land. Therefore, he is
called a wise person. as wide as the land Surely not doing the wrong
thing. because of that The Blessed One said, Jantujan recited all the
rituals by himself. Being involved in the contract will go wrong and
right. Knowing the Dhamma with all knowledge, he is wise as the land.
will not go wrong and right.
[133] a person who is as wise as the land
He is the one who removes all sena in all dharmas, namely in the form
seen and the sound heard. Or any known emotion, who in this world should
determine that person, who sees, who acts with defilements? He is the
one who eradicates all dharmas, namely, in the form that is seen and the
sound that is heard. or any known emotion, it is said that the devil
Sena is called Sena, corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt mind, lust,
hatred, moha, gotha, upanaha, etc. Absankhara is all unwholesome
actions. His name is Mara Sena. It is true, as the Blessed One said:
Defilements, I say is your 1st Sena, displeasure, I say your 2nd Sana.
Hunger and thirst, I say your 3rd Sena. Craving, I say, your 4th Senna,
drowsiness because of yawning. We say that it is your 5th, cowardice, we
say that it is your 6th; hesitation, we say that it is your seventh;
arrogance and harshness. We say that it is your eighth sena, wealth,
praise, worship, and rank acquired through the wrong way. We say that
they are your ninth sena, exaltation and oppression of others, we say
thy tenth sana. A person who is not brave will not overcome that sena,
but a person who is brave will win, and when he wins he will be happy.
As follows. When? All the devils and all the enmity an intelligent
person as wide as the land is conquered, defeated, destroyed, disposed
of, so that it does not face the Four Noble Path, then a person who is
wise as that land is called a destroyer. sound heard known mood The
enlightened mind, therefore, is called a person who is as wise as the
land. He is the destroyer of all dharmas, namely in form, seen, and
voice heard. or one of the known emotions.
[135] The word that that
person sees, who conducts openly means that that person is the one who
sees pure Dhamma. see the dharma that is pure and wonderful see the pure
dharma see the white dharma see the white dharma around. one who has a
pure opinion, a pure opinion There are pure opinions all around. have a
white opinion There is a white opinion surrounding the word revelation.
It means that the coverings are lust, defilements, avijja. Those
obscuring objects, which one has revealed, are removed, opened up, cut
off, pacified, suppressed, thus preventing them from arising, are burned
with fire. Wisdom. The word doer is one who conducts, one who wanders,
goes, goes, goes, keeps, goes, so that his existence goes on. Therefore,
he is called the one who sees and conducts revealed. It is said that the
word decree consists of two decrees: the determination of craving 1, the
determination of view 1, etc. This is called the determination of
craving, etc. This is the determination of view. determined by passion
renounced the stipulations with a view because he is the one who
renounces decrees with lust Having relinquished the stipulation by the
view, one would define that person by lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi,
utdhacca, vicikicha, anusai, who is determined, resentful, delusional,
bound, clinging to distractions, to disagreements. or by strength. Those
defilements, defilements that a person has abandoned, because he has
abandoned those defilements, whoever determines the person\'s motto That
with what passion? born in hell Born in the Beast Born as a human being,
a deity, a creature with a form. a shapeless animal a contracted animal
It\'s not a promised animal, or it\'s not a promised animal. No contract
is not. That person has no cause, no cause, no cause, which is\
a predetermined, magical, determinant, ordeal of anyone. The word in the
world is the evil world, the human world, the gods, the worlds, the
worlds, the worlds, and the worlds. Therefore, it is called everyone in
the world. This world should determine \... by what passion. Because of
that. The Blessed One said, A person is as wise as that land. He is the
one who eradicates all dharmas, in the form seen and the sound heard. or
any known emotion, anyone in this world should determine that person,
the seer, the openly conducting person. With what defilement?
[137] The
Blessed One said: The good ones do not stipulate, they do not put lust
and supremacy in front of them. would not say is the only part These
faithful men have given up their desires as attachments, bound, and
strapped, and do not place their hopes anywhere. in the world.
Concerning the attributes of the faithful
[138] The word \"good
people\" is not defined. It is said that the word predetermined, which
is the determination of two things: the determination of craving (1),
the determination of views, etc.; this is called the determination of
craving, etc.; this is called the determination of view. Those faithful
who renounced their determination by lust. renounced the stipulations
with a view because he is the one lustful determination renounced the
stipulations with a view those beasts therefore do not determine which
lustful determination or decreed by view, that is, not to arise, not to
be born, not to arise, not to arise, therefore it is called not decreed.
It is said that there are two kinds of actions in the foreground: one
that is done in the foreground with lust, one that is done in the
foreground with one view, and this is called one that is done in the
foreground with lust those beasts abandoning the action in the
foreground with lust because he has abandoned his actions in the
foreground; lust has abandoned his actions in the foreground therefore
he did not put lust and view in the foreground as well. No passion is
the crest flag. There is no lust as the supremacy, no Ditthi as a
triumphant flag. There is no view as the top flag. no great views He is
a person who has no desire and views, therefore wandering around.
Therefore, it is called All beings are indefinite. will not do lust and
view in the foreground.
[139] The words of those faithful would not
say It is the only part of purity, that these beings do not speak, do
not tell, do not speak, do not express, do not declare the only part of
impurity, purity from pity. Purity by action: beings that are pure in
nature, therefore they are known as beings. would not say that it was
only one part completely.
[140] The words those faithful Leaving
passion is a tool to hold on to. bound and tied, meaning that passion is
a binding device namely, defilements are the four attachments, namely
defilements are the physical attachments; Confidence that this is true
It is a physical attachment to defilements. Vendetta, displeasure,
hostility in the words of other peoples. Silabbata condemnation is
adherence to one\'s precepts or observances, or both one\'s own precepts
and observances. their belief that this is true is a binding device
Physically. Why is it called a bond of defilement, because beings hold
in, hold, hold, hold, cling, clinging to form, feeling, covenant,
sankhara, spirit, motto, adversity, fertility, pity, vatta, with these
desires. for that reason it is called It is a defilement that holds, is
firmly attached. The word \'la\' is a salad. Leaving desires is a
binding tool. All those who were bound, bound, bound, bound, bound,
bound, bound, bound, intertwined, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound,
bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound,
bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound, bound,
bound, bound, bound, bound, and bound; therefore, therefore, they are
called. Leaving defilements is a clinging, binding, bound.
[141] The
word does not lead to hope anywhere in the world. It is said that lust
is called hope, which is desire. desire, greed, etc. Abhijha, greed,
akusala. The word \"doesn\'t make hope\" means that it does not make
hope. It does not give hope that it arises, it does not arise, it does
not arise, it does not arise only. The word \"anywhere\" means anywhere,
anywhere, anywhere, internally, externally, or internally and
externally. The word \"in the world\" means in the evil world, etc. The
world, therefore. Therefore, it is called that one does not hope in any
place. in the world. Because of that The Blessed One said: \"Good people
do not dictate, they do not act before the eyes of desires and views,
they do not say: is the only part those beasts Leaving defilements is a
binding, bound, and bound, not giving hope anywhere in the world.
[142]
That Arahant has crossed over, has floated away from sin, has known and
seen, has no adherence, has no desire for your sensual pleasures.
undefined Sapphire is a liberating place. did not assume This is
excellent. Concerning an Arahant
[143] The word Arahant, who has
passed away, has sinned, has known and seen, has not taken hold of it.
It means that the four realms are Sakkaya, Ditthi, Vichikiccha,
Silabbata. Mas Anusai is Thitthi Anusai is Wichikitcha and the passions
that are located on the same side This is the land where 1. Benevolence
is sensuality. Benefit is counterproductive. Monument is sensuality.
Anusai is the negativity, the coarse parts, and the defilements that are
located on the same side. This is the land where 2. Benefit is
sensuality. Benefit is counterproductive. Monument is sensuality. Anusai
is patika, the subtle part, and the defilements that are on the same
side, this is the third realm, form lust, rupa raka, mana, uddhacca,
avijja, anusai is mana. Anusai is Bhavaraga Anusai is avijja and the
passions that are located on the same side This is the fourth realm.
Whenever that arahant be a transgressor Having transgressed well, having
crossed over these four realms by the Four Noble Paths, then that
Arahant is called a transgressor. A person who has floated away from sin
is called a person who floats away from sins, because he is floated on
the seven things, etc., he is lustful and not dependent, he is fixed, he
is a Brahmin. namely, the Arahant who resides in the Sabbath. or with
pubbenivasanussati nana, the word seen is seen with the human eye. or by
divinity, therefore it is called an Arahant, who has passed away, who
has sinned, has known, and has seen, does not have (attachment). This is
supreme, excellence, excellence, excellence, supremacy, supreme,
supreme, supreme master. The word no, that is, it does not exist, does
not appear, does not enter. which the Arahant has abandoned, cut off,
calmed, suppressed, preventing it from happening. It is burned with the
fire of wisdom, therefore the name is the Arahant, who has passed away,
has floated away, knows and has seen. No adherence.
[144] The word does
not have a desire for your sensual pleasures. not intended to be
\"Whoever is liberated is that those who are lustful, affectionate,
enamored, enamored, enthralled, involved in the five qualities of
sensual pleasures, those people are called lustful, lustful, lustful,
infatuated, enamored, enthralled, enthralled, entangled, entangled.
These people are called greedy in samadhi, liberated. The word is not
lustful in your sensual pleasures. that is, when lust, lust, lust, and
impermanence are the defilements of the Arahant. cut off the root dung,
made it stand like a palm tree, cut it off, causing it to not arise
naturally. Then the Arahant Your name is not lustful. It is not
determined to be unattainable by cause only.
[145] The word does not
assume this is excellent, meaning that the word is an Arahant, an
Arahant, does not hold, cling, cling, cling to. Condescending that this
is excellent, excellence, sublime, supreme, supreme, supreme, supreme,
supreme master. The word no means there is no, it does not appear, it
cannot be accessed. That an Arahant is abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevented, should arise and be burned with the fire of
wisdom, therefore it is not regarded as supreme. The Blessed One said:
that arahant Those who have passed away, who have sinned, know and have
seen, have no adherence. Not lusting for your sensual pleasures, not
lusting for pleasure is liberating. did not have any adherence to This
is excellent as follows. End Suttakasuttanides 4. -------------------
Paramatthakasuttaniddes the 5th
[146] The Blessed One spoke. that
Jantujan adheres to all views that this is awesome He does what he does
best in the world. That old man says everything besides that is bad.
Therefore, that old man is not neglectful of quarrels. Concerning those
who hold the view This is excellent, saying that there are ascetics and
brahmins, some of them are sectarians. Those recluses and brahmins took,
took, adhered, held on to one thing 62 This is supreme, supreme,
sublime, supreme, supreme, supreme, supreme, coexisting, dwelt,
surrounded by one\'s own view. as the occupants of the house in the
house, or the clergy who have sinned in the penitentiary. or those who
have defilements in the heap of defilements, therefore, they are called
to hold in the view that This is excellent.
[148] The word jantujan
will do anything in the world. What does the word yada mean? It makes it
more, it is said that the ancestors will do anything more, to be
supreme, sublime, supreme, supreme, supreme, supreme. It only happened
that this Master was omnipotent. This Dharma, which the Master has
already taught This Sangha has performed well. Ditthisee is prosperous
This sermon good law This way is to be free from suffering. The word
janujna includes beings, people, etc., humans, the word in the world is
the ill-will of the world. Let it be the most in the world.
[149] The
word janitor says everything other than that as bad. It means that the
old man opposes, contradicts, and rejects all other sects except the
Prophet. The dharma that the Master told the Sangha, their own views,
practices, and paths, that is, to say, to speak, to speak, to express,
and to state in this way that the Master is not omniscient; The group is
no longer a well-doer, no longer a prosperous view. The practice is not
a good practice by the Prophet. The Path cannot be taken out of
suffering. Purity, excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation or
liberation do not exist in that doctrine. Those who hold a doctrine are
not pure, not perfect, not perfect, not perfect, not perfect, not
perfect, or not perfect. Those sects are vile, vile, atrocious, filthy,
filthy, inferior, hence their name, that sage says all things other than
that which are wicked. because of that because of that because of that
factor Because of that tale, that ancestor is a person who does not pass
up, does not transgress, does not transgress. which quarrels, quarrels,
quarrels, quarrels, slander each other because of views, therefore, is
called therefore, that ancestor is the one who does not go wrong. All
quarrels. Because of that. The Blessed One said: this is awesome In the
world, that sage says all things other than that as bad. Therefore, that
ancestor is the one who does not neglect any quarrels.
[151] The
Blessed One said: What merit does a lay man see in his view? theirs is
good In the mood that is seen is good, in the mood that is heard is
good. in the precepts and observances In a well-informed sense, the
people hold on to that view. in their cult will see all other things by
being a bad thing. Concerning the merits of the view
[152] The word
that a person sees any benefit in his view is good. In a good mood In a
good mood to hear in the precepts and observances In a well-known sense,
there is a saying that the term Yattani is cut into yattani. Ditthi is
called one\'s own ditthi. A person sees two virtues in his view, one in
this life and one in the next. 1. What is the benefit of view in this
lifetime? The disciples were have that view The disciples pay homage,
respect, venerate, worship, and fear the Master who has such a view. and
will receive robes, alms, senas, and kilanna medicinal necessities That
which is worshiped and so on is why, this is called the virtue of the
view in this lifetime. What is the virtue of the view in the next life?
Such a person will hope for future results that this view should be for
the sake of being a Naga, a Garuda, a Giant, a Demon. Being a Gharva, a
Maharaj, Indra, a Brahma, or a deity. This view is appropriate for the
sake of pure, pure, pure, prudent, liberated, surrendered, surrendered,
all beings are purified, surpassed, surrendered, surrendered, surpassed,
surpassed. By this view, we shall be pure, virtuous, virtuous, virtuous,
virtuous, liberated by this view. This is called virtue. In the next
life, the person sees these two virtues in his view. The person sees the
two virtues, even in the purest of emotions he sees: the virtue, in this
life; in the first life, he sees the virtue. Two things, even in
pureness through hearing, two virtues are seen, even in purity of
morality. sees two virtues even in purity One sees two virtues, even in
purity with known emotions. is the merit in this life, the merit in the
next life 1. Benefit in purity with known emotions Why is there in this
life? The Master is a viewpoint. Somehow the disciples are viewpoint.
know in this life would hope for future results that This view should be
for the sake of naga, etc. This is called virtue in purity. with a known
mood In the next life, people will see, see, see, see, see, and
contemplate these two virtues. Even in purity with known emotions, hence
the name of the people. would see any virtue in his view In a good mood
in the sense of hearing, in the precepts and observances, and in the
well-knowing feeling. In one\'s doctrine, there is a saying that the
word tadeva means that view. The word tatta means in one\'s view, i.e.,
according to one\'s decency, in favor of one\'s doctrine. Take, hold on,
hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on,
hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on in his own doctrine.
[154]
The word sees all things as evil means that the people see, see, see,
see, see, consider, and see what the Master, the Dharma the Prophet
tells, the group, the view, the other way. By being vile, vile,
depraved, filthy, filthy, inferior, hence the name, he sees all other
things as evil. Because of that, the Blessed One said, \"What merits do
the people see in their views? In a good mood In a good mood to hear in
the precepts and observances In a well-informed sense, the people held
that belief. in their cult would see all other things by Being bad.

[155] The Blessed One said: wise men even speaks of the attitude that
he dwells on as a fastening see other attitudes as bad therefore A
bhikkhu should not rely on sights, sounds, sounds, and emotions.
Precepts and observances concerning the view of the wise
[156] the
words of the wise would say that It is said that the wise are those who
are wise; they are wise in their aggregates, wise in elements, wise in
their senses, wise in their attitudes, wise in mindfulness. wise in the
assumption wise in power Wise in the organics, wise in strength, wise in
enlightenment, wise in the path, wise in fruit, wise in nirvana, those
wise. He says, that is, he speaks, speaks, speaks, declares like this:
Tasna is passion strapping machine is a binding device is a binding
device It is a bond of defilement, therefore it is called that the wise
say that Dasna is a binding.
[157] He sees other attitudes as bad, that
is, the attitude he has resided in, that is, a monk who resides, relies
on it, is attached to it, comes to it, is attracted to it, and respects
the teaching, which is the teacher, the teachings the teacher has
proclaimed, the group, the view, the way. The other way of saying is
bad, that is, he sees, sees, sees, sees, sees, and considers the other
way, which is the Master, the Dhamma the Prophet proclaimed, the group,
the view, the Patipada, the other way, by being vile, vile, nefarious,
filthy, filthy, and lowly, therefore it is called Dasna. where one lives
one sees other attitudes as bad.
[158] The word therefore A monk should
not rely on what he sees. Voices that are heard, emotions that are
known, precepts and observances are said to be, therefore, because of
that. because of that because of that factor because of that story A
bhikkhu should not dwell, not hold, not cling to. Do not trust which the
picture you see Purity because of the picture that some see some sound
Purity because of the sounds heard, some emotion, some pureness due to
the perception, some morality, some purity due to the virtues, some
rituals, some pureness due to the rules, hence the name. A monk should
not rely on what he sees. sound heard known mood because of that The
Blessed One said, wise men speaks the attitude in which he dwells that
it is a strapping machine would see other attitudes as bad therefore A
monk should not rely on what he sees. sound heard known mood precepts
and observances.
[159] The Blessed One said: A bhikkhu should not
dictate his view in the world. with wisdom or even with precepts and
observances One should not lead himself to say that he is equal, he
should not regard himself as inferior to him, or even superior to him.
Regarding a monk, there should be no viewpoint. or even by virtue and
observance, it is said that a bhikkhu should not prescribe views, that
is, should not arise. should not be ready should not be born should not
be born only By the knowledge in the realm of existence, by the
intellect of the 5, with the intellect, by virtue, by virtues or by
virtues and observances. The word in the world is in the world, in the
world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the world, in the
human world, in the world of gods, in the world, in the world, in the
world. view in the world by wisdom, or even by virtue and
observance.
[161] The word should not lead oneself to be equal to him
means that one should not lead oneself to We are equal to him by life,
by clan, by being the son of the family. with beauty, with wealth, and
with government with job duties By the source of liberal arts, by
academic standing, by education, by arrogance or with any other object,
therefore, the name should not be taken into account that equal to
him.
[162] The word should not regard oneself as inferior to him or
even superior to him means that one should not lead himself to We are
inferior to them by birth, by clan, by being the sons of the family. or
with other objects and should not bring it to them that I am superior to
him by birth, clan, etc., or by other objects. we are worse than him Or
even better than him. Because of that. The Blessed One said, A bhikkhu
should not determine his view in the world by insight. or even with
precepts and observances Do not lead yourself to say that you are equal,
should not be important, that you are inferior to him. or even superior
to him.
[163] The Blessed One said that such a person had abandoned
himself, did not cling to him, did not act even because of his
intellect. The people did not play with them. not reaching even what
view Another word for abandoning oneself is to refrain, alleviate, bring
to an end, leading to the absence of clinging, clinging, clinging,
enthusiasm, humility, with the ability of craving. By the ability of the
view. To leave oneself not clinging, that is, not clinging, not
clinging, not clinging, not clinging, by clinging. Therefore, it is
called abandoning oneself, not clinging.
[165] The word nobleman does
not act on a habit even because of intellect. that the people did not
The habit of craving, or attitude, is not to be born or to be ready. not
to be born not to be born only because of the knowledge in the eight
treasures, or because of the wisdom in the 5 Apostles, or because of the
ignorance, therefore the name is that the nobility does not act even
because of the intellect. The people did not sail with them, saying that
when the people were divided, they were divided into two factions. Born
into two kingdoms They have different views, different values, different
likes and dislikes. have different cults Based on different views,
habits, attitudes, anger, greeds, and sorrows, that person does not
reach a consensus. not up to anger It does not reach mohagti, not
bhakti, not by the power of lust, hatred, delusion, mana, ditthi,
utdhaca, wichikiccha, anusai, and does not go on, wander, wander because
of all dharmas. which is a group, therefore it is called that when
people are divided That person does not sail with them.
[167] The word
does not reach even any viewpoint, saying, \"That view, 62, is that it
is cut off, calmed, suppressed, preventing it from happening. burned
with fire is the soul That person does not reach anything specific, does
not come to anything. Therefore, it is called that it does not reach
anything. Because of that. The Blessed One said, The people left
themselves and did not believe. Do not make a habit even because of
intellect. When they collide, they all fall apart. The people did not
sail with them. not even What view?
[168] The Blessed One said: The
setting of the two extremes It is not for any Arahant Khina. for the big
world In this world or the next world There is no Arahant. what\'s on
the machine There will be no agreement in all dharmas. hold firmly.
Concerning the nature of the Arahant
[169] the word that the setting
of the two extremes There is none for the arhat, for the small world or
the big world, in this world or the next, whichever is the Arahant Kina.
The word \"extreme part\" means that phassa is the first part, and
phassasamudaya is the first part. 2. The past is the first part, the
future is the last part. 2. Suffering is the first part, suffering is
the last part. 2.Nam is the first part, form is the second part 2.The 6
inner senses are the first part, the 6 outer senses are the outermost
part. 2. One\'s body is the first part, the samudaya of one\'s body is
the most 2. Lust is called setting. including desire desire, courage,
etc., Apicha Lobha Akusolmun. The word for the big world namely, for the
great and small worlds; for the purpose of karma and vipa life. for
karma to be the object of birth in the sensual world in order to become
a cultivator in the sensual world for karma machine born in the form of
a world in order to become a machine of birth in the form for
kamma-cycles to be born in the non-formal world in order to become a
machine of birth in the non-formal world for frequent birth for frequent
visits for frequent access to frequent fertilization For the emergence
of beings often. The word \"this world\" is one\'s self. The \"next
world\" is another person\'s self. The word \"this world\" is one\'s
form, feeling, perception, body, and spirit. Other people. The word
\"this world\" is the inner senses. 6. The \"next world\" is the outer
senses. 6. \"This world is the human world.\" The next world is the
gods. The word \"this world is the sensual element.\" The \"next world
is the element\". non-formal element. The word \"this world is the
kamma-element. The form-element. The next world is non-formal element.
The word The setting of the two extremes is not for any arhat. for the
big world In this world or the hereafter, the setting of the two
extremes is neither present nor inaccessible to any arhat. for the big
world In this world or the next world is that setting is indeed a
behavior Which arahant has been cut off, calmed down cause it shouldn\'t
happen It is burned with fire, which is insight, therefore it is called
that the setting of the two extremes does not belong to any arahant. for
the big world In this world or the Hereafter.
[170] An arahant does not
have any kind of thing, it means that the existence of things is two
things, namely, one thing which is craving, one thing which is ditthi,
one thing, etc., this is called a thing which is lust, etc. This is the
name of the machine is Ditthi. That word is the Arahant Khina. The word
that arahant It does not exist, that is, it does not exist, it does not
appear, it does not enter; that is, the Dhamma that the Arahant Kina has
abandoned, calmed, settled, prevents it from arising; it has been burned
by fire, which is insight, therefore it is called an Arahant that does
not exist. anything.
[171] The word does not reach agreement in all
dharmas and is firmly established. It means that in all dharmas, that
is, in view 62. The word comes to agreement means that it has been
decided, judged, researched, sought, compared, examined, investigated,
made clear. Having made it known, he holds it, holds it, holds it,
gathers it, gathers it, holds it, holds it, clings, clinging, clinging,
steadfastly, the conviction that this is true, true, as it is, is as it
is, is not perverted. appearing, unable to enter, that is, the Dharma
that the Arahant Kina has abandoned, cut off, calmed, settled,
preventing it from happening. Burned with fire is wisdom, therefore it
is called that there is no insight. settled in all the dharmas and held
on to it. Because of that The Blessed One said, The setting of the two
extremes There is none for the Arahant Khina, for the great and small
worlds in this world or the next world. That Arahant has no affiliation,
at any moment there is no consensus on all dharmas and holds on to
it.
[172] The Blessed One said: Ditthi promises to happen even a
little. promised, in the form that is seen, the sound that is heard or
emotion known in this world There is none for that arahant. Anyone in
this world should determine which Arahant is. brahmin do not adhere to
views With what defilement? Concerning an Arahant is called a Brahman.

[173] The word Dhitthi promises to arise even a little. that the
contract is already set in the picture shown sound heard or emotion
known in this world does not exist for that Arahant, saying: Dhithian
promises to arise contract appointed because he is a stalwart, has a
contract as the chairman, has a contract, is a big man, and holds a
contract in the picture you see in pureness because of the form seen, in
the sound of the hearing in purely because of the sound that was heard
To the arhat khinasa, that view, which is abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevents it from arising. Burned with fire is wisdom,
therefore it is called the view that promises even a small amount. in
the form that is seen, the sound that is heard or the feeling that is
known in this world does not exist for that Arahant.
[174] brahmin Does
not adhere to the view that a brahmin is an Arahant who is known as a
Brahmin. Because he has floated away, the seven things, etc., one who
has no desire, view, is stable, is called a Brahmin. which the arahant
brahmin does not adhere to the view, saying that the Arahant A brahmin
does not cling to, does not take, does not cling to, does not cling to
views, therefore he is called an arahant. brahmin does not adhere to the
view
[175] The word should be determined by everyone in this world
\...By what defilement, it is said that the determination is two things:
the determination of lust, the determination of desire, etc. This is
called the determination of lust, etc., this is the determination of
lust. set with a view For he who abandons determination by lust,
renounces decrees with views, whoever determines that person by lust,
hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, utdhacca, vicikiccha, what kind of amulets
say? is determined, resentful, delusional, bound, clinging to the
distraction of disagreement or reach by strength. which that person has
abandoned, because he has given up on those defilements, who will
determine that person\'s motto What passion says born in hell Born in
the Beast Born in the Pretavism, a human being, a deity, a being. a
shapeless animal a contracted animal is an animal without a contract or
is it an animal There is no contract There is no contract, it is not.
That person has no cause, no cause, no condition which determines,
determines, presides, and determines. The word in the world is in the
world of evil, in the world of mankind, in the world of gods, in the
world of salvation, in the world of self-consciousness. Determine
\...with passion, what? because of that The Blessed One said, A view
that promises to happen even a little promised, in the form that is
seen, the sound that is heard or the emotion known in this world does
not exist for that Arahant. Anyone in this world should determine that
Arahant. A brahmin does not cling to the view with defilements.
[176]
The Blessed One said: Arahants are not determined, they do not lust and
view. in the foreground even though Dharma is all views those arahants
no longer desire An arahant who is a brahmin who cannot be led by virtue
and celibacy. He who reaches the shore, does not return, remains
constant. Arahants are given various names. 177 The words Arahants are
not determined, they do not lust and In the foreground, there is a
saying: defining, which is two kinds of decrees: decrees by craving and
one decrees by views. 1. What is the definition of desire? An object
that makes it boundary, boundary, part, division, dictates, takes, takes
upon us. with the approximation of the portion of lust, one reckoned
that ours, of which the material is approximated, this of us our thing
This is what we have, what we have is this: form, sound, smell, taste,
touch, dress, garments, paint and slaves, goats, sheep, chickens, pigs,
elephants, cattle, horses, donkeys, land, money, gold, houses, estates,
royal houses, provinces, rural areas, changs, and treasuries are ours.
take it as ours even all the mainland ability of passion This 108 is
called lustful determination. What is the definition of perspective?
Sakkāyā ditthi has 20 objects, ten kahikhitthi, ten kāhikītthi, going is
ditthi. Overgrown is Ditthi the drought is ditthi The thorn is the view,
the struggle is the view. The attributes are viewpoint, holding,
clinging, clinging, clinging, wrong way, wrong canal, wrong view, good
faith. guilt warp perversion What is seen like this, and how much is
Ditthi 62? This is called decree by view. All Arahants abandoning
stipulations with lust Forsaking is decree by view, because he has
renounced decrees by craving. Relinquishing the stipulations with views,
those arahants therefore do not impose stipulations by lust or setting
with views is not to cause not ready not to be born not to be born only,
therefore, the name is not defined. One does not put lust and view in
the foreground; there is a saying, doing it in the foreground, namely,
doing it in the foreground, one doing it in the foreground. in front of
one view, etc., this is called doing in the foreground by lust, etc.,
this is called doing in front face with view All the arahants I have
abandoned my actions in the foreground with lust; I have given up my
actions before my view. because he has abandoned his actions in the
foreground with lust therefore do not commit lust or view in the
foreground is a person who has no desire as a triumphant flag No passion
is the top flag. no passion is great There is no titthi as a triumphant
flag. There is no view as the top flag. no great views Therefore, he is
called a person of lust and view that does not wander around. Therefore,
he is called the Arahant Kina, who does not stipulate, does not do lust
and view. in the foreground.
[178] The word dharma is all views. which
those arahats do not desire specifically, then there is the saying:
Ditthi 62 is called Dhamma. Those words are those Arahants. no longer
desire is not wishing only that the world is eternal, that only this is
true. nothing else not only wishing that the world is not eternal, It
cannot be born again, it cannot be born again only this is true
Everything else is empty, therefore it is called that the Dharma is all
views. those arahants No longer desired.
[179] The word arhat who is a
brahmin, which no one should take by virtue and asceticism, means that
the term \"na\" is denying. Because having floated away the seven
things, etc., one who is no longer dependent on craving, is steadfast,
is called a Brahmin. An Arahant who is a Brahmin, which no one should
lead by virtue and blessing, is that an Arahant who is a Brahmin does
not go, does not go away, does not wander, either by virtue or by virtue
or by virtue and blessing. It is called an Arahant who is a brahmin,
which no one should lead by virtue and ceremonies.
[180] The word is
the one who has reached the shore, never returned, who is stable,
meaning immortal nirvana. of all sankharas is the one who renounces all
amulets It is the cessation of craving, the vomiting, the cessation, the
release of craving is a ligature. Whoever goes to the shore Attained to
the shore, to the end, to the end, to the end, to the end, to the end,
to the end, etc., there is no new world for him, therefore he is called
the one who has reached the shore. with Sotapattimak Such a noble person
does not reach, does not return, does not return to those defilements,
any defilements which the noble one have abandoned by the Sakdakami way.
noble person will not reach again, will not return, will not return to
those defilements Whatever defilements have been abandoned by the
Anagami Path That noble person does not reach, does not return, does not
return to those defilements. Whatever defilements that the noble one has
abandoned by an Arahant\'s path, that noble one does not reach, does not
return, does not return to those defilements; therefore, he is the one
who has reached the shore. does not return. The word steadfast is an
Arahant who is said to be steadfast. and Anitarom He is stable because
he has given up. be constant because Looks like it\'s crossed He is
stable because he has passed away. He is steadfast because he expresses
that dharma. How is it in an arhat and an arhat? who is stable even in
fortune Even in disgrace, even in rank, even in disgrace Even in praise,
even in gossip, even in happiness, even in suffering. If people should
caress one arm of the Arahant with incense, one arm should be cut with a
knife. An arahant has no pleasure in stroking with that incense, nor is
there any displeasure in slicing with a knife. He has given up
rejoicing, he has passed away from gladness and sorrow. He has
transcended joy and sorrow. an arahant named is a constant in the ashes
And this kind of nitty-gritty. Because of the meaning of surrendering?
The arahant has given up, gave up, gave up of lust, resentment,
delusion, anger, anger, anger, anger, disdain, equality, envy,
stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, hardness, good rivalry, arrogance,
contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all corruption. An
arahant is known as a stable person. because he has given up like this.
An arahant is called a constant because of the meaning that he has
crossed over? which has gone beyond the kamoha, bhavokha, dittogha,
avijjoga, and the canal of all pity. The arahant is over. behaved, etc.,
there is no new world. to that Arahant, therefore, an Arahant is said to
be stable. because he has crossed over like this. An Arahant is said to
be stable For how is it liberated? An Arahant is freed, his mind is
liberated, wonderful, liberated, from lust, resentment, delusion, anger,
wrath, slander, stubbornness, jealousy, stinginess, deceit,
boastfulness, hardness, good competition, arrogance. Contempt,
drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all corruption. all the
restlessness all the fervor all the trouble All auspiciousness An
arahant is known as a stable person. because he was liberated in this
way. because of the expression of the Dharma How? The name is constant
because he shows that he is virtuous when virtuousness exists. when
faith exists because it shows He is persevering when perseverance
exists. because he shows that he is mindful when mindfulness exists.
because it shows be determined When concentration exists, it is called
steadfast because it shows that one is wise. When wisdom exists, it is
called a constant because it shows One who possesses three wisdoms when
Wijja exists. because it shows He is the one who possesses the six
Abhiññas when the Ainya exists. because he expresses that dharma in this
way, therefore he is called the one who reaches the shore, does not
return, is the constant. The Blessed One said, Arahants are not
determined, they do not lust and view. in the foreground Even the Dharma
is all views that the Arahants that is no longer desired An arahant who
is a brahmin who cannot be led by virtue and celibacy. is a person who
has reached the shore, does not return, is a constant person as follows.
said This life is little Humans will die within a hundred years. Even if
any human too much That man indeed dies of old age and that life is a
small one.
[182] The word life is small means that life is age,
existence, progression, existence, possibility, rotation. Go,
sustenance, livelihood, inorganic life. In addition, a small life is a
small life due to two reasons: little life due to being low and one
being small because of little activity. 1. How does life become less
because it is so small? Life already exists while the mind is the past,
it doesn\'t exist, it doesn\'t exist. Life will be while the mind is the
future. would not exist Not anymore. Life It is in the present moment of
the mind. no longer exists will not exist. It is as true as the Blessed
One said that all life, existence, happiness and suffering Dharma is
always composed of one mind, the moment is instant. Which of the deities
are always located throughout the eight fourteen thousand eon Even those
devas are not endowed with two souls, any aggregates of the dead or of
the beings that are in this world are extinguished all those aggregates.
It is the same, it has ceased, is not continual, any aggregates have
been broken in the past. and which aggregates already broken in the
future in order The strangeness of the aggregates that are now
extinguished with those aggregates not in appearance Animals are not
born in the future. Khan is in the present moment. The creatures of the
world have died because of the rupture of This mind is a supreme law.
All aggregates are transformed by volition, they are like water flowing
through a valley, therefore they are continually fulfilling their time,
because the six senses are their factors. did not reach the location
Kong Khan does not have a future All the aggregates that are born stand
like a mustard seed on the tip of a sharp iron. All the dharmas that
have arisen extracted in front of those beasts All aggregates are
normally destroyed. Not mixed with the aggregates that were born before,
they stand; aggregates come unseen. breaks and then goes into the
invisible inevitably arise and disappear Like lightning in the air. Life
is less because it is so small. How is life because there is little
activity? Life is because of the exhalation. due to breath in, due to
breath out and breath in because of the supernatural Because of the
warmth, because of Kowling, because of the spirit Krajakaya, which is
the setting of the out-breathing and the in-breathing, is good, avijja,
sankhara, craving, upa-dana, and bhava, which are the original cause of
out-breathing and good breath All factors are good. Desires that were
born before The tangible and the non-material are born together, the
non-material is well combined. These are good aggregates of the exhaling
breath and the inhaling breath, and the lusts together are good. These
dharmas are perpetually corrupted against each other, they are not
attached to each other. inevitably, each other will fall Because
resistance does not exist with each other, these dhammas cannot maintain
each other. that dharma does not exist but one dharma is not corrupted
by a dharma. which causes and factors existed before they were born Even
if any of these prior factors Even those factors have already died
before. Khan that was born before is good. The aggregates that are born
later are good, they have not seen each other at any time. Therefore,
life is called It is a small item because there are few activities like
this. because compared to the lives of angels of the Jatum Maharaj Human
life is little, a little, a little, is fleeting, is fleeting. located
soon did not last long. ...because comparing the lives of angels of the
Yama class ... because comparing the lives of Dusit-class angels
...because it compares the life of the gods of the Nimmanoradee ...
because the lives of the devas of the paranimitavasavati ... because
compared to their lives angels in the midst of Brahma Human life is
little, a little, a little, is fleeting, is fleeting. located soon did
not last long. As the Blessed One said: \"Bhikkhus, The age of these
little humans had to leave the Hereafter. all humans need to experience
death as it is known, one should do good deeds, practice celibacy There
is no human being born that will not die. Bhikkhus, whoever lives for a
long time lives only a hundred years, or more than a hundred years,
there are few. When he had finished speaking this proverb, he continued
to write the verse, saying: the age of the little humans good man insult
this young age Be hasty to act like a man whose head is on fire.
Therefore, because death will did not arrive Day and night will pass
Life was shrunk to death. The lifespan of all beings will come to an
end. Like the water in a little river, it will pass away. Therefore, it
is called this life is small.183] The term man dies in 100 years means
that man moves, dies, disappears, and disappears in some tricky time. In
a time when it was a piece of meat, in a time when it was a lump In a
time of five branches (hands, two feet, two heads), some, when they are
born, they move, die, disappear, they disappear, they pass away, they
die, they disappear, and they disappear in the house where they were
born, they pass away, they die, they disappear, they pass away. have
There are 2 months, 3 months, 4 months, 5 months, 6 months, 7 months, 8
months, 9 months, 10 months, 1 year, 2 years, 3 years. There are 4
years, 5 years, 6 years, 7 years, 8 years, 9 years, 10 years, 20 years,
30 years, 40 years, 50 years, 60 years. There are 70 years, there are 80
years, there are 90 years. Therefore it is called that a man dies within
100 years.184] The word, even if a man lives too much, means that any
man lives more than a hundred years, that man lives. 1 year, some 2
years, some 3 years, some 4 years, some 5 years, some 10 years, some 20
years, some 30 years, some 40 years, hence the name, even if any human
beings live too much. Indeed, it is said that when human beings are old,
they are growing up, they are innately mature. As the years pass by,
with broken teeth, gray hair, thinning hair, baldness, wrinkled skin,
freckled, hunched forward, holding a cane forward, then the human being
moves, dies, disappears with old age. There is no liberation from death,
as the Blessed One said. beasts born perilous by death forever Like a
ripe fruit, there is danger by falling in the morning. Just as it is
utterly different, so is the life of all animals. All human beings,
young and old, stupid and wise, all go to death. There was a grim reaper
in front. when those humans has been extracted in front possessed by
death Father could not resist or their relatives could not resist. when
the relatives were looking at each other are arguing with a great many
that, thou shalt behold, the one and only of the animals. which can lead
to death Like an ox being slaughtered, therefore, the beasts are mortal
and old. This is how it is. Therefore, it is called that a man dies of
old age. The Blessed One said that this life is small. Humans will die
within 100 years, even if too much That man will surely die of old
age.186] The Blessed One said: All people will be sorrowful. Because of
the objects that are regarded as mine, all clingings are impermanent,
this clinging is utterly separate, the clansman saw this. should not
stay in the house. Regarding those who mourn because of clinging.
because of the objects that are regarded as mine, that people are kings,
brahmins, phaes, sudras, laymen, orphans, devas, devas, human beings.
with views, this is called our adherence to lust, etc., this is called
our adherence to views. Even those who are paranoid in the snatching of
objects regarded as mine grieve, that is, they grieve when they are
snatching up some. when he had snatched away some Even those who are
paranoid in the volatility of objects What we consider to be sorrowful,
that is, sorrowful, troublesome, lamenting, pounding on the bosom of
passion. when the object is changing some When an object has changed
somewhat, hence the name people mourn because of the object.
[188] The
word clinging is impermanent. It means that clinging is two kinds of
clinging, namely clinging to lust, clinging to lust, etc. This is called
clinging to lust, etc. This is called clinging. adherence to view;
adherence to lust It\'s impermanent an improvement factor By the
confluence of factors that arise, there is ending, decay, relaxation,
cessation, and variation. It\'s normal. As the factors that develop,
depend on the confluence of factors arise, there is an extinction,
decay, dissipation, cessation, and variation. It is true as the Blessed
One said: look at the monks would they see that An adherence that is
timeless, sustainable, stable, unvarying. always stay that way with
noon. The monks said, \"Venerable sir. There is none The Blessed One
said, \'Monks, that point has been abandoned, bhikkhus. Even though we
do not see that adherence that is permanent, sustainable, stable, does
not change naturally. It will always stand like that with what is
eternal. Clinging is eternal, stable, stable, not subject to change, it
does not exist, does not exist, does not appear, does not enter,
therefore it is called All clingings are inherently inexistent.189] The
word clinging is utterly detached, meaning that when differences,
separation, and otherness exist, they come into being. as true as the
Lord The Blessed One said, \"Don\'t be, Ananda, don\'t be sad, Ananda,
didn\'t I tell you before, that there are differences, separations, and
other things from beings and things that are pleasing to the eye? Where
will that matter be? Whatever has been born, has already been created.
is normal that shall not be destroyed. That is not a position that can
be obtained, because the former khandhas, elements, and ayatanas change
to something else; khandhas, elements, and later ayatanas are possible,
therefore it is said that this adherence is utterly detached.
[190] as
follows should not live in the house. complete as a terminology as a
meeting of letters is a term that has The consonant is euphemistic, the
term iti is the sequence of chapters. The sons and daughters have seen,
met, compared, examined, examined, and clarified in the objects that are
regarded by us, therefore, hence the name has seen. Should not live in
the house, that is, children are worried about all secular people, worry
about children and wives. worry about relatives cut off worries about
friends and comrades Cut off all the worries of wealth, put down his
hair and moustache, hold the kasaya cloth. Leaving the ordination house
as a monk Attaining the state of being carefree, one should wander
alone, that is, to live, to go, to go on, to guard, to go on, to carry
on, that being, therefore, the son of a clan has seen this. should not
live in a house. Therefore, the Blessed One said that people would
grieve because of the object that is regarded as ours. All of them are
noon. This clinging is utterly detached. should not live in the
house.
[191] The Blessed One said: What a man is important in the five
khanha, that this is mine, that five khandha that man neglects even
because of death. The sage Buddhamaka, who knows the blame, should not
bow down to our admiration.
[192] The word \"benjakhan\" is said to be
that a man abandons it even because of death. It means that death is
capacity. movement from the animals of those beings, destruction,
vanishing, death, death, kalkiriya, the rupture of the aggregates.
Abandonment of the body, the intrusion of the organic life. The five
digits are form, feeling, contract, sankhara, and spirit. The word
inevitable is the five digits that man abandons, abandons, vanishes, and
disappears. wealth would forsake some animals first Animals neglect
their food. some of those treasures before Look at the lustful thief The
people are consuming. Treasures are timeless, therefore we do not grieve
in times of sorrow. The moon will rise, it will be full, it will vanish.
The sun has set and departs. Behold, our enemies, all worlds, we know
it, therefore we do not grieve in the time of sorrow. Therefore it is
called the Five. That man renounces even by death.
[193] The word man
is important in the five khandhas of ours, which are form, feeling,
contract, body, and spirit. The word man is counting, meaning,
knowledge, commandment, rhetoric of the world. nouns, naming, naming,
talking, expressing meaning talking about the word It is important to
what five of these five things are mine, meaning it is important with
desire, with importance with view. with importance with importance with
passion with an emphasis on corruption with emphasis on sentences
Because of the importance of karma, hence the name man is important.
Which Benjakhan This is ours.
[194] The word sage knows the penalty, it
means knowing, knowing, comparing, examining, investigating, making
clear that penalty in the object that is confiscated. therefore we are
called knowing the blame. One who is wise is a symbol, therefore he is
called a wise man who knows the blame.
[195] The word \"Buddha-maka\"
should not be bowed down to our adherence. i.e. our adherence to our
desires, our adherence to our views 1. The word Buddha-maka means one
who believes in the Buddha, the Dharma, and the Sangha; that person
respects the Blessed One, saying: \'Our Blessed One is determine that
person. Bhikkhus, who are deceitful, stubborn, chattering, screeching,
having strong endeavors, with an unsteady mind? look at the monks those
monks who is disrespectful to me, who has gone away from this Dharma and
Discipline and will not reach prosperity fullness in this discipline
look at the monks As for which monks He is not deceitful, does not
chatter, is wise, is not harsh, has a strong mind. look at the monks
those monks be respectful to us not gone without this Dharma and
Discipline And there will be growth and prosperity in this Dharma and
Discipline. When he had finished speaking this proverb, he continued to
write the verse, saying: They are crooked, stubborn, chattering,
slashing, hard-headed, with an unsteady mind; they do not grow in the
Dhamma and Discipline of the Buddha. The Lord Buddha has shown As for
the people, they are not deceitful, do not talk nonsense, are wise, are
not harsh, have a well-established mind. Those people thrive in the
Dharma and Discipline that the Lord Buddha has taught. Buddhamamaka
should not bow down to our belief that we are Buddhamakala, our
adherence to lust. relinquishing our beliefs with a view Do not be
inclined to Our adherence is not to be stooped, leaned over,
transferred, stooped in our clinging. should not be one who holds our
supremacy, hence the name Buddhamaka, and should not bow down to our
esteem. The Blessed One said, What a man is important to the five khanha
that this is mine, that five khanha that man inevitably even because of
death Buddhist monks who are graduates I\'m sorry should not bow down to
our admiration.
[196] man wake up Neither sees anything that coincides
with a dream. Even so, no one sees a loved one who has died. Even so.
Concerning the analogy of things which are like dreams,
[197] the word
\"things that coincide with dreams\" means that things that come
together are things that appear and have come together. Therefore, they
are called things that come together. With a dream, even me.
[198] A
man who has awakened does not see it: A man who dreams of seeing the
moon, seeing the sun, seeing the ocean, seeing the Sineru mountains,
seeing elephants, seeing horses, seeing carriages, seeing pedestrians,
seeing sena processions, seeing pleasant gardens. saw a delightful
forest see a pleasant region As he sees a pleasant pond, when he wakes
up, he sees nothing, therefore he is called an awakened man. would not
see.
[199] The word ...beloved ... even so, the word "I am" is also a
metaphor. The metaphor comes ready. The word Dear people are dear
people. that is considered ours which are mothers, fathers, brothers,
brothers, sisters, sisters, sons, daughters, friends, relatives, or
blood relatives, therefore they are called ...beloved people ... even
so.
[200] The word does not see ... the deceased is said to be the
dead. Having done the time, one who is gone does not see, does not see,
does not experience, cannot be found, hence the name, does not see ...
the dead are gone. The Blessed One said, man wake up will not see things
that coincide with dreams, even though I do not see the beloved which
has died Even so.
[201] The Blessed One said: All the people who saw
each other were good. It\'s good to hear each other\'s names. Those who
have passed away are left with only names to talk about. would
disappear, leaving only a name.
[202] The word \"people who see each
other\" is good. who have heard and called each other, saying that what
is seen is that people have forms known by the eye of the soul. By the
sound of the spirit. The word people are kings, brahmins, phaets,
sudras, laymen, ordinaries, devas, and humans, hence the name people who
see well. It\'s good to hear each other\'s names.
[203] The word has a
name. The word yesam is king, brahmin, phaet, sutara, layman, orphan,
deva, human. have a given name There is a worldly name, a name, a name,
a name, a name that speaks. There is a name that shows meaning. There is
a name that is specific. The word called is said, spoken, shown, stated.
Therefore, it is called. There are names.
[204] The word remains only
names to talk about. It means form, feeling, contract. The body, the
soul, which one has abandoned, abandoned, abandoned, disappeared,
disintegrated, leaving only the name. That is, to say, to say, to speak,
to show, to state, therefore, the name is, so only the names are left to
be spoken of. Those who have passed away are dead, have their time done.
The word people are creatures, nobles, men, people, people, beings,
beings, being born, having karma, and beings, hence the name of those
peoples \... that are spoken of. because of that The Blessed One said,
All the people who saw each other were good. It\'s good to hear each
other\'s names. those who from After all, only the name remains. which
is being discussed.
[205] The Blessed One said: People who are
attracted to the objects that are considered ours does not give up
sorrow, sorrow, and jealousy. Therefore, the muni who see serenity and
leave clinging have wandered. does not give up sorrow, sorrow, and
jealousy; sorrow, sorrowful action sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, inner sorrow
inner sorrow The inner glow The inner glow The sorrow of the mind, the
sorrow, the arrow is the sorrow of the one who is touched by the decline
of relatives. Some are affected by the deterioration of wealth, some are
affected by the deterioration by disease. affected by the deterioration
of the precepts deteriorating some impact that coincided with some
deterioration that was caused by one of the suffering affect some. The
word enthusiasm is delirium, delirium, delusional symptoms, delusional
symptoms lamentation, delirium, murmuring, delirium deliriousness of
people who are affected by the decline of relatives, etc. that are
affected by the decline of Ditthi has some impact. that coincided with
some deterioration caused by any suffering One of them affects some. The
word jealousy includes the five types of stinginess, namely stinginess,
residence, family stinginess. stinginess stinginess caste Dharma
stinginess, stinginess sees this stingy symptoms stingy behavior desires
tenacity The depressive spirit of giving someone\'s mind Not trusting in
giving. This is called stinginess. stinginess is good Elemental
stinginess is good, stinginess is good. This is called stinginess. The
will to take is called stinginess. Lust is called lust, which is lust,
lust, etc. Apicha, Lobha, Akusala. The word Our clinging is the two
kinds of our clinging: our clinging to lust, our clinging to lust, etc.
This is called our clinging to lust, etc. This is called our clinging to
lust. People, even those who are paranoid in usurpable things, grieve,
that is, they grieve when they are snatching them up. The paranoia of
the volatility of our objects is sorrowful, that is, sorrowful, when the
subject is somewhat distorted. When the object has changed somewhat.
Even those with paranoia snatching things that are regarded as mine,
squeamish, that is, scramble when he is snatching up some when he
usurped Some have been taken. Even one who is paranoid about the
fluctuation of an object that is regarded as mine will grieve, that is,
will grieve when that object is somewhat distorted. When the object has
changed somewhat. will protect Protect objects that are considered ours.
He cherishes things that are considered mine, sorrows, does not give up,
does not give up, does not relieve, does not put an end to it. It does
not lead to the absence of sorrows, sorrows, jealousy, and lust for
objects that are regarded as mine; therefore, those who are enthralled
by objects regarded as mine, do not give up sorrow, worry, and jealousy.
207] The word therefore, the Muni who see serenity Leaving the
clinging, having traveled, there is a saying that the word therefore is
because of that reason. because of that, because of that, because of
that because that tale is to see that blame in the object that we hold
Because of that, it\'s called therefore. The word muni means wisdom,
called mona: wisdom, universal knowledge, etc. Then with that insight is
the name of Muni, the one who has attained the knowledge called Mona.
Monaiya. There are three things: bodily monaidhamma, verbal
monai-dhamma, and mental monai-dhamma. 1. What is bodily monai-dhamma?
Three kinds of malfeasance are known as bodily monai-dhammas, three
kinds of bodily integrity, enlightenment, having the body as an emotion.
determination This way of communion with degree, this renunciation in
the body is called bodily monaidhamma. Why is verbal monai dhamma? Four
corrupt practices are called verbal monai dhamma. verbal determination
the way of union with degree, the abandonment of lust in speech the
extinction of speech attainment of secondary meditation This is called
verbal Monai Dhamma. This is verbal Monai Dhamma. What is the mental
monai dharma? Three kinds of dishonesty neglect are called mental monai
dhammas. Three mottos are mind scruples. Wisdom has mind and emotion.
mental determination The path of union with degree, the abandonment of
wisdom in the mind, the cessation of the mind. Achieving Nirodha Magic
Contract This is called mental moniyadhamma. This is mental moniya
dhamma. It is as true as the Blessed One said. graduates Said Muni, who
is a physical Muni. a muni in speech, a muni in the mind He is the one
who has reached the dharma that makes him a muni. is the one who
renounces all defilements The sages speak of a muni who is physically a
muni, a verbal muni, a mental muni. can\'t find the ashava that be ready
Dharma that makes a muni who is purged of sins, etc., transgressing the
Dharma as a affiliation and lust only as if the net exists; man
worshiped That person is called a muni. The word clinging is clinging to
two things: clinging to one\'s desire, one clinging to one\'s view, etc.
This is called clinging to one\'s desire, etc. This is called clinging.
hold with a view The muni abandon their clinging to lust. Having
relinquished clinging to the view, having done it, wandering, going,
turning, guarding, going, allowing the self to proceed. Peace of mind,
i.e. peace in all things, the renunciation of all possessions. cessation
of craving, regurgitation, cessation, cessation of craving It is a
garter, the word to see clearness means to see clearness. sees
resistance, sees secrets, sees refuge, sees safety He sees immortality,
sees immortality, sees nirvana, hence the name of the muni who see
emptiness. neglect of dependability having gone on a journey. For that
reason, the Blessed One said: People who are attracted to the objects
that are considered ours does not give up sorrow, sorrow and jealousy;
therefore all the muni who see serenity have abandoned clinging. have
traveled.
[208] The Blessed One said: graduates said that he did not
show himself in that world of a bhikkhu who behaves, avoids, who sits in
a quiet place, saying: It is the consonance concerning those who
practice escaping.
[202] The term of the monks who practice escaping
means that the seven types of Sekha are called escaping behaviors. An
arahant is called a retreat. The seven classes of sekha are called
vagabond ones, for what reason? The one who has the mind avoided,
retracted, retreated, blocked, suppressed, forbidden, healed, and
protected the mind from such emotions. He behaves, goes, turns,
maintains, goes on, so that his existence goes on The one who keeps the
mind averted, retracts, retreats, blocks, suppresses, forbids, protects,
protects the mind from such emotions in the eye, conducts, moves, turns,
maintains, proceeds, so that the self proceeds. The one who has the mind
to escape, retracts, retreats, blocks, suppresses, prevents, protects,
protects the mind from those emotions in the auditory \... in the anal
fistula \... in the anal body \... in the anal body \... the person who
has the mind to retreat, retreat, retreat, close, block, forbid. Healed,
carried on, so that his existence proceeded. It is like a chicken
feather or a tendon inserted into a fire, it bends and does not unfold.
Therefore, the seven types of Sekha are called escaping. The word
bhikkhu is that of a bhikkhu. layman or of a bhikkhu who is a monk,
therefore the name of a bhikkhu who practices escapism leaf slope
machine The machine is sloping with straw. The seat is empty, quiet, and
it\'s not comfortable to see the picture. The hearing is uncomfortable,
the smell is uncomfortable. The taste is not comfortable It is not
comfortable to touch. From the five senses, it is not comfortable. One
who associates with, associates, consumes, enters, consumes, resides,
sits, eats, and sits. Therefore, it is called one who sits in a quiet
place.
[211] The word sage. Saying that he did not show himself in
that world It means that the unity is the three kinds of unity, namely
the group unity, the Dharma unity and the Anabiniphatti unity. 1. What
is the unity of monks? in unison, admiring one another, not quarreling,
as if water is mixed with milk. They look at each other with the eye
that is dear to each other. This is called the group of unity. What is
the harmonious Dharma? Four foundations of mindfulness, 4 powers, 4
powers, 5 strengths, 5 enlightenment, 7 Noble Eightfold Paths, these
dharmas transcend, enlighten. well unrivaled by unity There is no
contradiction of those dharmas. This is called the Dharma, Harmony. Why
is an anibbatti unity? Even so many monks. nirvana with anupādisesa,
nirvana elements, their existence is incomplete or overflowing with
nirvana elements, they do not appear. born in hell Khamnoen Death is the
world of beings born in the animal world Pretavisai is the world of
beings born in the human world The world is the world of human beings
The world is the world of the gods. Graduates say no Show yourself in
that world that in harmony, that is, the sages say, say, speak, show,
declare, in this way, that any bhikkhu has practiced this way. Do not
show yourself in hell The birth of the world, the pretavisai, the human
being, the world, the world, the non-existence of the monks. It is in
harmony, that is, that verse is concealed, ought, ought to, be
complacent. in that world that It is readiness. Because of that The
Blessed One said, graduates said that he did not show himself in that
world of a bhikkhu who behaves, avoids, who sits in a quiet place,
saying: It is in unison.
[212] The Blessed One said: Muni no longer
dwells in all things. Do not make the animal as beloved, and do not make
the animal as hated. Worship and jealousy are not entrenched in that
muni. Like water not stuck in a lotus leaf, therefore,
[213] The word
muni no longer dwells in all things: the 12 senses, namely, eye, form,
ear, sound, nose, smell, tongue, taste, body, touch, mind, and dharmas
are called all things. Wisdom is called Mona, which includes wisdom,
general knowledge, etc. and lust, only as a net, exists and is worshiped
by gods and humans. That person is called a muni. The word non-absence
means that there are two kinds of dependence: the dependence of craving,
the dependence of desire, etc. This is called the dependence of craving,
etc. This is called the dependence of desire. Having relinquished its
dependence, not relying on it, not being involved, not reaching it, not
being attracted to it, having gone forth, giving up, being completely
freed from the eye, ear, nose, tongue, body, mind, form, sound, smell,
taste, touch, dharma, family, abbot, fortune. Yos Sansern Suk, robes,
alms, senasana, kilan, pharmacological factors, kamma-elements,
form-elements, non-formal-elements, kama-elements, form-forms,
non-formal-forms, sna-ya-p-pops, ne-ne-na-sana-p-pops,
e-sana-sana-p-p-vas, e-sana-sanap-p-pops, e-sanna-sanap-phops,
eka-vokarap-phops, panchavokanphops, past-futures, and present-dit.
Thadham Suttatham Muttham Winyatapphatham One whose mind is made free
from the realm of defilements is therefore called a muni who no longer
dwells in all things. and does not detest the sattasakhara, saying,
\"Love is two things that are loved, namely beings, one body and one
body. Why are animals loved? All the animals in this world a person who
desires prosperity, desires, benefits Desire for well-being who seek
liberation from yoga defilements, namely mother and father Is it a
brother or sister? sisters, sons, daughters, friends, relatives, blood
These beings are called beloved. Why are they beloved? Forms, sounds,
smells, tastes, touches are pleasing. These are what are called beloved.
The word abhorred includes two things that are undesirable: beings, 1
body and 1. Why are the animals detested? All the creatures of this
world. is a person who desires deterioration, desires things that are
not beneficial who wants unhappiness Desires to be free from yogic
defilements, desires to liberate from one\'s life. These beings are
called detestable. Why are all bodies detestable? Forms, sounds, smells,
tastes, touches are not pleasing. These sankharas are called detestable.
Don\'t make the sattasakhara be loved. and does not despise the
Sattasankhara, that is, the Muni does not; This beast is dear to us, and
all sankharas are pleasing to us. and not making the sattasakhara
hateful with the ability of resentment that This beast is our detest.
And these sankharas are our dislike, that is, they do not arise, they do
not arise, they do not arise. not to be born only, therefore it is
called not to be loved and does not make the sattasakhara an
objectionable place.
[215] not trapped in that muni Like water does not
stick to a lotus leaf, therefore, it is said that in the muni is that in
the person who is an Arahant Kina, the word ramification is delirium,
enthusiasm, enthusiasm. annoyed delirium deliriousness of people who are
affected by the decline of their relatives affected by the deterioration
of wealth that has been affected by some deterioration due to disease
affected by the deterioration of the precepts deteriorated of the view
affects that coincided with some deterioration caused by any suffering
One thing affects some. The word jealousy is the five types of
stinginess, namely stinginess, address, family stinginess. stinginess
stinginess caste stinginess, stinginess, stingy behavior stingy behavior
different desire tenacity, being a person with a depressed mind
someone\'s mind It is unreliable to see like this. This is called
stinginess. stinginess is good Elemental stinginess is fine. stinginess
is good This is called stinginess. Willingness is called stinginess.
This is called stinginess. The word does not stick like water does not
stick in a lotus leaf. Therefore, the pathum leaf is called the lotus
leaf. The water is called water. Stingy does not attach, does not get
attached, does not get attached, that is, is not attached, does not get
attached, does not get attached to that muni, that is, in a person who
is an Arahant Kina. Just as water does not stick, does not get stuck,
does not get stuck, that is, is not attached, does not get stuck, does
not get stuck, does not get stuck, does not get stuck. one who has gone
forth, has renounced, has been released with those passions He is the
one who has made the mind free from the realm of defilements. would not
be stuck in that muni Like water does not stick to a lotus leaf. The
Blessed One said that the Muni no longer dwells in all things. Don\'t do
the sattasakhara as being loved and don\'t do it. The sattasankhara is
despised. Worship and jealousy are not entrenched in that muni. Like
water does not stick to a lotus leaf. Just as a water does not become
attached to a lotus, a muni does not become attached to a form that is
seen. sound heard and emotion Thus, it is said that a drop of water does
not stick to a lotus leaf: a drop of water is called a drop of water; a
pathum leaf is called a lotus leaf. Just as it does not get trapped in a
lotus leaf, therefore it is called The water droplets will not stick. In
the lotus leaf.
[218] Just as the word \"varee\" is not attached to a
lotus, it is said that the pathum flower is called the lotus. The water
is called the water. The water is not attached, it does not get
attached, it does not get attached, that is, it is not attached, it is
not attached, it does not enter. Just as it is trapped in a lotus,
therefore the name Varee is not attached to a lotus.
[219] The word
Muni does not become attached to any form seen. sound heard and the
consciousness that is known, thus means that the word \"me\" is a
metaphor and is only a metaphor. The word muni means that wisdom is
called Mona, i.e. wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., transgressing the
Dharma as its affiliation, and craving, just as it exists, exists, and
is worshiped by gods and humans That person\'s name is Muni. The word
clinging means that there are two kinds of attachments, namely,
addiction to lust, one attachment to view, etc. This is called
attachment to craving, etc. This is called attachment to view. Muni cast
off lust give back addiction The view is broken, it is not attached, it
is not attached, it is not attached; it is not attached, it is not
attached, it is not attached, it is set forth, it is given up, it is
liberated, it is not involved in the form seen and the sound heard.
known mood enlightened mood He is the one whose mind is made free from
the realm of defilements, hence the name Muni does not get trapped in
the form he sees. sound heard and emotion Therefore, the Exalted One
said, The drop of water will not stick to the lotus leaf. Just as a
water does not become attached to a lotus, a muni does not become
attached to a form that is seen. sound heard and emotion So so.
[220]
An arahant who has wisdom is the destroyer. It doesn\'t matter in the
sights, the sounds, the heard and the perceived emotions. That Arahant
does not desire all things. Write it down with another path. would not
want would not disengage at all.
[221] The word Arahant who possesses
wisdom is the elimination. It doesn\'t matter in form of sight, sound
heard and emotion known. The word Dhona means that wisdom is called
Thona, i.e. knowledge, universal knowledge, etc., non-delusion,
discrimination. For what reason? Wisdom is called Dhona. For wisdom is
the removal, washing, cleansing, purification of corrupt bodies, corrupt
speech, corrupt conscience, sensuality, wrath, delusion, anger, wrath,
disdain, stigma, envy, stinginess, deceit, arrogance. Hardness, good
competition, pride, contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all defilements,
all corruption. All anxieties, all fervor, all aches and pains. because
of that Wisdom is called Thona. On the other hand, Samma-ditthi is the
one that removes, washes, cleans, and cleans. contemplation It is a
machine for removing, washing, washing, washing Sammāvaca is the machine
to remove, wash, cleanse, and wash which samma-vaca is eliminated, wash,
purify, wash away which mishāvayama is, samma-ājīva is the elimination,
wash, purify, sammā-vayama is the elimination, wash, cleanse, wash,
cleanse, wash, purify, purify, purify, purify, purify. It is a machine
for eliminating, rinsing, purifying, and purifying the mind of the mind.
It is a machine to remove, wash, cleanse, wash, which is a scammer. The
Noble Eightfold Path is the one that removes, washes, cleanses, and
washes away all defilements. all corrupt all the restlessness all the
fervor all the trouble All auspiciousness The arahant approaches,
approaches, is ready, enters, enters, is ready composed of all dharmas
is this remover because of that Therefore, the Arahant is called Wisdom
is the elimination tool. An arahant has eliminated lust, sin, passion,
and lust, hence the name of the wise one. an arahant who has wisdom as a
tool to eliminate It\'s not important in the picture you see. sound
heard and the known emotion is an arahant who has wisdom as a tool to
eliminate It doesn\'t matter in what is seen, it doesn\'t matter in what
is seen. It\'s not important, but the picture you see It doesn\'t matter
The image we have seen is not important. The sound that is heard. It
doesn\'t matter in the sound you hear. It\'s not important but the sound
you hear. It doesn\'t matter We have heard It doesn\'t matter which
emotion is known. It doesn\'t matter in the known mood, it doesn\'t
matter, but the known emotion. It doesn\'t matter we already know the
mood It doesn\'t matter which emotion is enlightened. It is not
important in the enlightened mood. It\'s not important but the
enlightened mood. It doesn\'t matter if the emotions we know are already
realised, as the Blessed One said: look at the monks It is important for
the mortals that we exist, that we do not have, that we will have, that
we will not have. that we will be shaped animals that we will be
formless creatures that we will be contracted animals that we will be
animals without contracts That we are not, as beings, with promises,
without promises, and by mortals as a disease, as a boil, as an arrow,
as a sinister, for that reason, monks. You should study this way: We
will always be those whose minds are not important. You should study
this way. Therefore, it is called an Arahant who has wisdom to
eliminate. It\'s not important in the picture you see. sound heard and
the feeling of being known.
[222] The word Arahant does not desire
purification by any other path, that is, an Arahant whose wisdom is the
limit. He does not desire, does not delight, does not want, does not
love, does not dislike purity, excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, liberation, by another path, that is, by the impermanent
path. with the wrong attitude By a path that does not lead away from
suffering, except for the foundation of mindfulness, supremacy, power,
organic matter, strength, bojjhanga, the Noble Eightfold Path, therefore
it is called an Arahant who does not desire purification by any other
path. would not want does not dispassion at all, saying that all mortals
desire The seven noble ones, including the gentlemen will relax As for
the Arahants, they cannot be desired. will be relieved The arahant was
relieved. because he is free from lust by lust, because he is free from
wrath by anger because he is devoid of delusion by delusion, and the
Arahant is finished. has a well-behaved conduct, etc., there is no new
life for that Arahant, therefore he is called that Arahant. would not
want Therefore, the Blessed One said: an arahant who has wisdom as a
tool to eliminate It doesn\'t matter in the sights, the sounds, the
heard and the perceived emotions. that arahant would not wish purely
with another path would not want would not disengage at all, as follows.
asked the Blessed One, saying, \"Lord, who does not suffer Ask him to
speak his grievances. of those who practice the Gemini Dharma, we have
heard His teachings will study in the seclusion on Gemini Dharma.

[225] The word of a person who frequently practices in Gemini Dharma
means the name Gemini Dharma is the Dharma of nonsense. The Dharma of
the villagers, the Dharma of the wicked, the Dharma of the wicked, the
Dharma with water the most. Dharma to be done in secret Dharma is the
readiness of a couple. Why? It\'s called Gemini Dharma. because it is
the Dharma of both people who are greedy, greedy, who are drenched in
lust has relapsed sensuality possessed by a lustful mind It is fair for
both people to be the same. For this reason, it is called Gemini Dharma.
Two people quarrel. called a couple two people maliciously called a
couple two people make a scandal called a couple two people quarreling
Called as a couple, two people form a prayer. called a couple two people
talking called a couple two people arguing Just as they are called
couples, that Dharma is the Dharma of both those who are determined,
greedy, who are saturated with lust. has relapsed sensuality possessed
by a lustful mind They\'re both the same people. me too For this reason,
it is called Gemini Dharma. of a person who regularly engages in Gemini
Dharma, that is, of a person who engages in accompanying in the Gemini
Dharma: behave in the Gemini Dharma bowed into the dharma inclined to
the dharma, to the dharma Having the greatness of Gemini Dharma is
therefore the name of a person who works often. In Gemini Dharma.
[226]
The word Venerable Tissamettayya asked the Blessed One, saying that the
term \"Iti\" is a concluding chapter, a recitation, a precept, a
concluding term, a Vocabulary rhyming with consonants It is a sequence
of chapters. The word Aysma is a symbol of love. as a saying with
respect It is said to go with respect. It is a device that is said with
reverence. The word Tissa is a noun, it is a count It\'s a sign of
knowledge, a commandment, a rhetoric, a name, a naming convention. as a
name as a mention It is a symbol of meaning, a specific saying of the
Thera. It is a sign of knowledge, a commandment, and a speech of that
Thera. Therefore, it is called Phra Tissamettaeyya. said to the Blessed
One that: Ask him to speak his grievances. (of a person who is a
frequent worker in Gemini Dharma) says, \'May the Lord speak, that is,
tell, enact, enact, appoint, disclose, classify, make it shallow.
Suffering, suffering, frustration. The word Marisa is a symbol of love.
It is said with respect. It is a word of reverence, therefore it is
called, Lord, who does not suffer. May His Highness speak his
grievances.
[228] The word has heard His teachings means: Heard, Heard,
Heard, He studied, He has entered. which the word is His way of
preaching and teaching. Therefore, it is called that he has heard His
teachings. Concerning 3 Vivek, the word to study in Vivek means Vivek,
which is Vivek, 3 which is Kaya Vivek, 1 Cit Vivek, 1 Updhi Vivek. 1.
Why is the body secluded? In this Dhamma and Discipline He dwells in the
secluded places of forests, foothills, mountains, crevices, caves,
cemeteries, forests, cemeteries that are open, languid, and is secluded
by his body; he walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, sleeps alone,
enters the house alone for alms, returns alone, sits. live in a secluded
place alone Praying to you alone One who travels alone, lives, changes
posture, conducts, maintains, and so on. This is called the body of
liberation. What is the mind of solitude? having a mind secluded from
necessities, entering into secondary jhana, having a mind secluded from
anxiety and thinking, having a mind secluded from rapture, entering the
fourth jhana, having a mind secluded from happiness and suffering
Entering the Chamberlain having a mind secluded from forms of contracts
Entering the Akinchanayathana, having a mind secluded from the
Spirituality Entering the contract have a calm mind from aggression
(when that monk) is a single person Having a calm mind from tattooing
Ditthi Wichikitcha Silabbat Pramas Dittha Nusai Vichikitchanusai And
from the defilements that are located in the same sector as Sakkaya
Ditthi, etc., are the Sakadagami monks, who are roughly isolated from
Kamaraksanyojana, Kamaraksanyojana, Kamaraknusai, Patikanusai, and from
the desires that are located in the same group as Kamarak. benefits,
etc. an Anagami monk having a mind completely secluded from kama rak
sangyojana, kama rak nusai, kama raknusai, patkhanusai in detail And
from the defilements that are located in the same sector as the
elaborate kama-raga-sangyojana, he is an arahant, whose mind is secluded
from the form of lust, arup-raga, mana, utdhacca, avijja, manusai,
bhavarakanusai, avijjanusai, defilements. are in the same group as the
image of sensuality and so on. And out of all the sankhara visions in
the outside, this is called cittaviveka. What is Updhiviveka? called
Upthi. Amata Nirvana called Upthiviwek, which means the cessation of all
sankharas. renunciation of all possessions The cessation of craving, the
cessation of craving, the cessation of craving, is a ligature; this is
called Updhiviveka. inevitably exists for those who have the body to
avoid The one who rejoices in the Nekkhamma, there is a mind of solitude
for one who has a pure mind. To one who has a very pure mind,
Updhiviveka is available to a person who is depleted, updhi, to nirvana
which is the ultimate nirvana. one more thing The Elder when he asked
for a sermon therefore said this: will study in the Vivek. Because of
that Thera then said: (Tissameteyya said to the Blessed One:) Lord, who
is not suffering, please speak to me about the grievances of those who
practice Gemini Dharma; we have heard Your teachings. study in
seclusion.
[230] (The Blessed One said: Seekornmettaeyya) The
instruction of a person who regularly engages in the Gemini Dharma is
faded. and that person does wrong. This is an unworthy Dharma in that
person.
[231] The word of a person who regularly engages in Gemini
Dharma means that Gemini Dharma is the Dharma of the wicked. The Dharma
of the villagers, the Dharma of the wicked, the Dharma of the wicked,
the Dharma with water the most. Dharma to be done in secret Dharma is
the readiness of a couple. For what reason, it is called Gemini Dharma,
because it is the Dharma of both people who are greedy, greedy, who are
drenched in lust. having a rise in lust, possessing a mind that
possesses lust, being the same person for both of them For this reason,
it is called Gemini Dharma. two people arguing called a couple two
people maliciously It\'s called a couple. Two people make a scandal with
each other. called a couple two people quarreling called a couple Two
people forming a prayer together is called a pair. two people talking
called a couple two people arguing Just as they are called couples, that
Dharma is the Dharma of both people who are greedy, greedy, who are
drenched in lust, and have lust, arise, possessing a mind of lust, are
the same people. me too For this reason, it is called Gemini Dharma. of
a person who regularly engages in Gemini Dharma, that is, of a person
who engages in accompanying in the Gemini Dharma, i.e. behave in the
Gemini Dharma heavy in the Gemini Bow down to Gemini Dharma Lean in
Gemini Dharma transfer to Gemini Dharma Indulge in Gemini Dharma There
is a great Gemini Dharma, therefore the name of a person who works
often. In Gemini Dharma. (meaning of the word Bhagava), the Blessed One
called the Elder by his clan as Mettaeyya. The word bhagava is the name
of the amulet. It is said with respect. Another is called Bhagava,
because he has destroyed lust, has destroyed hatred, has destroyed
delusion. It\'s been destroyed The view has been destroyed The thorns
have been destroyed, the defilements have been destroyed, and because of
the meaning that He has classified, He has classified His Highness
specifically classified the Dharma Ratana. He did the best of all
worlds. having a trained body Then there are precepts that have been
trained Having a trained mind, having a trained wisdom. He took a
brothel, which was a grove. and the dense forests, silent, with few
voices, without rumblings. without traffic people It should be the
secret of human karma. Therefore, the Blessed One has the share of
robes, alms, senas, and kilanna factors and medicines, hence is called
the Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One has the share of the
supernatural, the high spirit, the wisdom, which is the virtue, the
taste, the liberation. Therefore, it is called the Bhagava. Moreover,
the Blessed One has the share of the 4 jhanas, the 4 apprehensions, the
4 impermanence, therefore it is called the Bhagavata. Moreover, the
Blessed One has the 8 liberation, the Abhidhana. 8 (Jhana is the place
of Occupying emotions in Kasin) Anupupbhavihara samapati 9 (4 forms of
meditation, 4 arupasana, 4 sana vediyita nirodha 1) hence the name is
Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One has the part of the 10 kasin
samabati, anapanasati samadhi, asupha. consequently, it is called the
Bhagava. Moreover, the Blessed One is involved of the four foundations
of mindfulness, the four enlightenment, the 4 power, the 4 organics, the
5 strength, the 5 Bojjhana, the 7 Noble Path, the 8 Noble Path, hence
the name Bhagavadhana. In addition, the Blessed One has the share of the
Tathagata, 10 Vesarachadhamma, 4 Patience, 4 Apinya. 6 Buddha Dhammas,
hence the name Phagava. The name Phagava, this is the mother, the
father, the father, the Buddha, the friend, the almighty, the blood
relative, the recluse, the brahmin, the deva, does not honor the name of
the Bhagava as a free name. (Name in Arahat Phon in the order of the
Arhat Path) is the law of truth. (Command that arises through the
manifestation of all Arahatship and Dharma) with the attainment of
enlightenment at the root of the Bodhi Tree. of the Blessed One All who
have attained enlightenment, therefore called the Blessed One, said:
\'Dear Medteiya,
[232] The word instruction \... is faded, meaning
that instruction is faded for two reasons, namely, the primal teaching
is faded. 1. What is the teaching in practice, that is, Sutta, Kayya,
Veyakarana, Katha, Udana, Itivuttaka, Jataka, Upbhuta Dhamma, Vedalla,
which one has studied? already This is called instruction.
Administrative orders, though. will fade, become disoriented, become
distant, teachings \... In this way, what is the practical instruction?
practice proper conduct, conduct, not an enemy The practice is based on
benefits. The practice of dharma is suitable for dharma, perfection in
morality, being a guardian in the organic matter. moderation in
nutrition frequent composition In being awakened, mindful, mindful, the
four foundations of consciousness, the 4 powers, the 4 powers, the 5
strengths, the 5 powers, the seven noble eightfold paths, these are
called practical teachings. will fade, become disoriented, become
distant, teachings \... in this way.
[233] The word that a person
commits a mistake means that one kills some living beings. some burglary
cut some connectors Robbed without some left Robbed only one house
plundering the paths, separating them, associates with the wives of
others. uttering some lies, hence the name that person practices
wrongly.
[234] This word is an unworthy Dharma in that person, saying
that this practice is wrong. is not fair fairness of the bully fairness
of the delusional It is the Dharma of the ignorant, it is the Dharma of
the one who has immense swaying words in that person, therefore it is
called the Dharma of not noble in that person. Because of that The
Blessed One said, (The Blessed One said: (Dokornmettaeyya) The teachings
of a person who regularly practices in Gemini Dharma will become
indistinct. That person would commit a mistake. This is an invaluable
Dharma in that person.
[235] Whoever goes alone at the beginning
(later) savors Gemini Dharma, sages. said that person being a moron in
the world, like a revolving ship Therefore, with regard to the ordained
and worn out
[236], the word being alone travels in the beginning
means that one is traveling alone. Primarily for two reasons, namely,
with the ordination part 1, by eliminating the communion 1. How does one
travel alone in the beginning with the part of the ordination? A person
eliminates all worries in the layman, all worries about his children and
wives. worry about relatives Cut off worries in friends and comrades.
Cut off worries in wealth. Put on the hair and the mustache. ordained as
a monk access to being carefree person One who travels alone: living,
changing posture, conducting, maintaining, being, being, being, being
alone, traveling alone in the beginning with this ordination. that
Having been ordained like that, he is the only one who takes the oasis
as a grove. and the dense forests, silent, with few voices, without
rumblings. without traffic people It should be the secret karma of man,
worthy of seclusion. A monk walks alone, stands alone, sits alone,
sleeps alone, enters the house alone, goes back alone, sits alone in a
secret place. Praying to you alone One who travels alone, that is,
living, changing posture, behaving, maintaining, in order to be The name
is the one who travels alone in the beginning as well. Leaving the
mingling with this group.
[237] The word \"Whoever \... is addicted to
Gemini Dharma. It is called Gemini Dharma, which is the Dharma of evil
people, etc. Therefore, it is called Gemini Dhamma. Any person who \...
The Dharma is that in the next period, that person, who, in the latter
days, recounts the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha, and the Sangkha, who
turns around to become a layman, he lurks, indulges in, indulges in only
the Gemini Dharma, therefore, he is called a person who ... instils the
Gemini Dharma. Therefore, it is said that the vehicles of elephants,
vehicles of horses, ships of cattle, ships of goats, ships of sheep,
ships of camels, ships of donkeys, that is, that which is untrained,
untrained, untrained, untrained, will go the wrong way. It grows up on
stumps, piles of stones, that are messed up. Destroying the organs of
the rider fall into the abyss Just as a ship that spins, that is
untrained, untrained, uncultivated, goes in the wrong direction, that
person turns in the wrong direction, like a moving ship. would take the
wrong way, that is, to hold false views, etc. So just as a ship that
spins, that is, untrained, untrained, untrained, goes up on stumps,
piles of stones, that is not tidy, like a ship that spins. He ascends to
karma, speech, mental karma, panatipata, adinnadana, kamesumicchacara,
musavada, pisunavaca, pharusavaca, touchpappa, covetousness,
vindictiveness, michaditthi, sankhara, impermanence of the five
imperatives of sensual pleasures, therefore, that vehicle is untrained,
untrained, that is what he does. Destroys the rider\'s body, just as a
person turns in the wrong direction, like a moving ship destroys oneself
in hell. Destroy oneself in the birth of a beast Destroy yourself in the
vision of the imp. self-destruction in the human world destroy oneself
in the world Just as a vehicle that spins, that is, untrained,
untrained, uncultivated, inevitably falls into abyss. like a revolving
vehicle would fall into the abyss of a nation Falling into the abyss is
some old age. Falling into the abyss is some parasite Some fall into the
abyss of death, some into the abyss of Soka, Parideva, Suffering, Sorrow
and Upayas. Thus, the word \"in the world\" means in the world of
ill-will, etc., the human world, hence the name that a person \... in
the world is like a revolving vehicle. being a mere mortal, a bad
person. It is said that a mere mortal, because of its meaning? Because
of its meaning causing dense defilements to arise because of the point
of view that there is a body of view that is still not swept away a lot,
because of the view that many vows to the Teacher, because of the view
that all the precepts are strung a lot; Many concocts because of the
meaning that one floats along a lot of defilements, because one is
radiated with many fervor, because one desires, desires, delights, is
attracted, is infatuated, is involved in the five qualities of pleasure.
and because of the meaning that the five hundred anniversaries,
covering, covering, concealing, possessing a lot. The graduates said It
is said that the sages have spoken, spoken, spoken, spoken, and made
such statements that they are mortals, who are wicked, depraved, filthy,
filthy, and inferior; therefore, they are called sages, who are sages.
The Blessed One then said: Whoever is traveling alone at the beginning
(later) succumbs to Gemini Dharma. They are the bad people in the world.
As the vehicle spins, therefore, the monk\'s former rank and dignity
declined. deteriorated even then One should study it in order to neglect
the Dhamma. Concerning rank and honor,
[241] the former rank and honor
of a bhikkhu will be deteriorated. One who was worshiped, revered,
revered, worshiped, and humbled, one who had received robes, alms, and
ceremonies in the past, that is, when he was a monk, why is this called
rank and honor? being a people Praise and honour: He is a sage, wise,
wise, a scholar, has beautiful words, has good intelligence, remembers
some sutras. remember some discipline Is it a Dharma? Some holders of
alms rounds in the forest Some holders of alms rounds Some holders of
the requisition of the robes, some as the holders of the three robes He
is the holder of alms rounds in the order of the alleys, some is the
holder of the prohibition of eating later in the ordinance. is the
holder of the sitting is the holder of the Sena as he arranged for some
is the first person is a person who has a second meditation is a person
who has a tertiary meditation is a person who has received the Fourth
Jhana is a person who has a certain degree one who gains
self-consciousness He was the one who made some promises in the past,
that is, when he was a recluse This is called honor. The former rank and
honor of a bhikkhu would decline, that is, in the following days, when
that bhikkhu said to return the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha, and the
Sangha, he became a householder. That rank and honor vanish, that is, to
vanish, to vanish, to vanish, to vanish, to vanish, to therefore the
name rank and honor of the former bhikkhu. (1)- \* Concerning the three
precepts,
[242] the word that a bhikkhu, having seen the
deterioration, should study it for the sake of neglecting the Dhamma,
that is, a bhikkhu sees, meets, compares, considers, clarifies. to make
it clear that such treasures and disasters were rank and honor in the
past, that is, when being a recluse would become deteriorating The rank
and dignity of monks Those who say that the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha
have returned to the lay people later, henceforth, he has seen the
decline even then. The word to study is the three sikkhas, i.e. the
precepts, the sikkhā, the sikkhā sikkhā, and the sikkhā sikkhā. 1. What
is the reason for upholding the precepts? Here, a bhikkhu is virtuous,
restrained in the Patimokkha, complete with skills and orbits. Seeing
the dangers in all the penalties is few, meditating, studying the
precepts, the small precepts, the great precepts, the precepts.
Primarily, it is a tool of conduct, it is composure. is the caution, the
mouth, the chairman of the readiness of All these wholesome qualities
are called upholding the precepts. Here a bhikkhu is secluded from
sensual pleasures, secluded from unwholesome dharmas, attains the first
jhana, dwells in worry and thought, having the joy and happiness born of
solitude. because of the scrutiny of his thoughts, he has attained the
second level of meditation, which has the inner clarity of his mind. It
is the single Dharma that arises, without worry, without consideration,
having joy and happiness born of concentration. Because of the
extinction of the rapture, there is equanimity and consciousness. He
enjoys the body\'s name and attains the tertiary jhana that the noble
ones have praised. He who has this jhana is equanimous, mindful, he
lives happily, having abandoned all pleasures and pains and quelling
past joys and sorrows. The equanimity is the cause of the purification
of mindfulness. This is called the high-citta sikkha. What is the
enlightenment sikkha? In this Dhamma and Discipline be wise contains
wisdom leading to birth and cessation, the noble, the first of
defilements, leading to the right end of suffering, that bhikkhu knows
as it really is: this is suffering, this is suffering, this is
suffering, this is suffering, this is suffering. these ashes This causes
ashes this cessation This practice leading to the cessation of taints is
called sikkha. The word Gemini Dhamma means the name Gemini Dhamma, i.e.
the Dhamma of the unsound person, etc. Therefore, it is called Gemini
Dhamma. The bhikkhu saw the decline should study in order to neglect the
Dharma; it is said that a monk should study even after fasting. should
study even the spiritual One should study even higher wisdom, to give
up, to be calm, to relinquish, to quell Gemini Dharma, that is, when a
bhikkhu thinks, when he sees, when he considers, when he prays. when
bowed with faith when sustaining perseverance When he enters his mind,
when he establishes his mind, when he knows clearly with wisdom When you
know the more Dharma that you should know more when defining the dharma
that should be known; when ditching the dharma that should be abandoned;
when cultivating the dharma that should be developed When enlightening
one\'s dharma to be enlightened, one should study, one should behave
graciously. well behaved He practices these three precepts, hence the
name that a bhikkhu has seen the decline. should study in order to
neglect the Dharma. Therefore, the Blessed One said: The former rank and
honor of a bhikkhu wanes. deteriorated even then One should study it in
order to neglect the Dharma.
[243] Such a bhikkhu, with his will,
stagnates, like an orphan, having heard the scolding of other peoples.
would be shy Concerning the shortcomings of a monk,
[244] the word
\"bhikkhu\", with his desires, stagnates, like an orphan, meaning that a
monk is sensuous, intends in ill-will, pursues persecution. As an
orphan, a fool, an enchanted person, just as an orphan, a fool, a fool,
like a bird trapping mice in the branches of a tree, it stagnates,
sluggish, drowsy, drowsy. A fox traps fish by the riverbank, stagnates,
stagnates. As lethargic, lethargic, just as a cat traps mice in a joint,
at a water pipe, and on a muddy shore, just as sluggish, lethargic,
sleepy, a donkey with a wound on his back stagnates, sluggish, drowsy,
and lonely in a dank place where there is water and shore. Just as there
is a speck of scum, that bhikkhu turns astray, the thought of sensual
pleasures. vengeful intentions intent on harassment Thoughts with views,
affecting, dominating, swarming and swarming, stagnate, sluggish,
lethargic, drowsy, like an orphan, a fool, a fool, and therefore be
called a bhikkhu, even with his will, he stagnates, like an orphan.
another would be shy \'Some people are like this, some are
superintendents, some are teachers, some are superintendents. Some
teachers, some friends, some people who have seen each other. Some
people who have been in a relationship Someone who is a friend He warns
that, Elder, it is not your fortune. You have not done well, that is,
the point that you have seen the great teacher like this. ordained in
the discipline that the Master has already said well The group of noble
monks, having seen this way, told them to return the Buddha, the Dharma,
and the Sangha, the Sangkha, had come for a layman. because of bad
nature You have no faith, some hiri, some ottappa, some persistence,
some mindfulness, some wisdom, in all the wholesome qualities, such a
monk has heard, heard, determined, examined, and examined the words,
speeches, teachings, and teachings of the preceptor. He is embarrassed,
embarrassed, embarrassed, embarrassed, regretful. The word \"such a
person\" is a monk who turns wrong. would be like that being the same
person is the one who lives like that being such a person being of that
kind, therefore the name is heard of the scolding of other peoples. a
shy person Being like that. Because of that The Blessed One said, \"That
bhikkhu, with his thoughts, stagnates, like an orphan, having heard the
scolding of other peoples. would be shy such a person.
[246] Then the
monk was admonished by other people\'s words. would act knowing lies as
a binding tool for the monks That monk will descend into being a
liar.
[247] At that point, a monk is admonished It means that the term
\"Att\" is a consonant, a hindrance, a hindrance, a concluding term, a
vocabulary, a consonant. In order of chapters, the word \"satra\"
consists of 3 kinds of measures, namely, the physical instrument, the
verbal instrument, the mental instrument, the mental instrument, and the
three are the physical instrument, and the four are verbal, mental and
mental corruption. It\'s a mental science. The word were admonished by
the words of other peoples, namely, monks, some supervising, some
teachers, some of the supervising class. Some teachers, some friends,
some people who have seen each other. Some people who have been in a
relationship Those who are comrades, who have been warned, speak lies
and know, that is, say, \"Venerable sir. I rejoice in the ordination.
But I had to raise my mother, so I had to retire. I have to raise my
father I have to raise my brothers and sisters. need to take care of
sisters need to raise a child need to raise a daughter need to raise
friends have to feed their peers need to raise relatives One must raise
a person who is descended. Therefore, one has to leave the sikkha. Thus,
the verbal teaching is called, that is, it causes verbal teachings to
arise, to arise, to be born, to be born, and therefore to be called that
order. That monk has been warned by the words of other people. would act

[248] The word lying and knowing It is the binding of a monk, saying
that lying and knowing It is a binding tool, that is, a large forest, a
large forest. a great wilderness It\'s not always, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very muddy. It is a very worrying machine. It is
a great binding for that monk, therefore it is called lying and knowing.
which binds the monk.
[249] The word bhikkhu descends into a liar,
saying lies is called liars. Some people in this world good in council
It\'s good to be in the congregation. in the midst of relatives, in the
midst of associations in the midst of the royal family was asked to
testify as a witness come, virtuous man what do you know then tell that
person. When I don\'t know, I say I know. When I know, I say I don\'t
know, when I don\'t see, I say I see. When he saw it, he said he didn\'t
see it. will tell lies and know because of their own reasons because of
the cause of others for the sake of Amis a little In this way, this is
called being a liar. A lie has three symptoms: in the beginning one has
the knowledge that we will lie When speaking, I know we are lying When
he said it, he knew we have lied Lies are with these three symptoms, and
lies with symptoms, 4 with symptoms, 5 with symptoms, 6 with symptoms, 7
with 8 symptoms, that is, in the beginning one has the knowledge that we
will lie When speaking, I know we are lying When he said it, he knew we
have lied Concealing views, decency, approval, importance, and truth,
lies are with these eight signs. The word \'successful\' leads to liars,
that is, one descends, steps down, takes hold, and goes into liars;
therefore it is called lies. to being a liar. Because of that Then the
Blessed One said, \"Therefore, that bhikkhu has been admonished by other
peoples. would act knowing lies as a binding tool for the monks That
monk will sit down. to become a liar.
[250] A monk is known as a wise
man who prays alone Even after being incorporated into the Gemini
Dharma, one will become miserable like a fool. Therefore, concerning the
beginning at the end of the crooked end
[251] the word bhikkhu is
reputed to be a sage. He was glorified by the people as a wise, wise,
wise man, eloquently spoken, wise, and remembered some of the sutras.
remember some discipline Some are Dhammakathuk, etc., are the ones who
have established the promises of their convictions. He is a
congregation, knowledgeable, knowledgable, known. Therefore, he is known
as a bhikkhu. is a graduate.
[252] The word prayer for conduct alone
means to pray alone for two reasons, namely, by ordination 1, by
eliminating the communion 1. How do you pray for one\'s conduct alone
with the ordination? A bhikkhu is concerned about all lay people, etc.
Praying for one\'s conduct alone with an ordination like this. How is
the communion? A bhikkhu is ordained alone, secluded in forests, groves,
and secluded forests, etc., praying for his conduct alone by eliminating
the communion with the group, therefore it is called the practice of
prayer alone. 253] The word, even after being incorporated into Gemini
Dharma, is said to be called Gemini Dharma, i.e. the Dharma of the
wicked, etc. Therefore, it is called Gemini Dhamma. Even after being
incorporated into the Gemini Dharma, that is, in the later days, that
monk said back to the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha, and the Sikkha, he
turned into a householder, assembled all around, with generosity, well
done in the Gemini Dharma, hence the name even after being incorporated
into the Gemini Dharma. Punishment
[254] The word will be miserable
like a fool, therefore, one will suffer; Like a person who is
fascinated, therefore, kills some animals. some burglary cut some
connectors Robbed without some left Rob a single house plundering the
paths, separating them, associates with the wives of others. Tell a lie,
it will be difficult, it will be miserable, defiled, even like this. cut
off some hands to cut off some feet Have some hands and feet cut off.
Cut off the ears, cut off the nose, cut off the ears and nose. Put some
red iron balls on your head. Peel off the scalp and scrub. Make it white
like a conch Put a blaze of fire into his mouth until his mouth filled
with blood, like the mouth of Rahu. wrapped in a cloth soaked in oil and
partially burned alive. Wrapped his hands with a cloth, set it on fire
like a lantern, skinned from the neck down, his ankles got up and
stepped on the skin until he fell down. Skinning from the neck down to
the waist to be like wearing a sarong Wear iron sleeves on all elbows
and knees and plug in iron lao in 5 directions and set it aside to burn
some fire. Take some hooks from the skin, meat, tendons. Take a knife to
cut the flesh into glasses, like some coins, cut off the skin, meat,
tendons, leaving only bones. Lao steel stabbed in the ear canal until
Through each other, plugged into the ground and grabbed the legs to turn
around some. Finely smash the bones and peel off the skin. All that was
left was a pile of meat like a leaf. Pour some boiling oil over your
body. Let the dog bite and eat until only some bones are left. Cut off
the head with a sword That person will be troubled, will be miserable,
defiled even like this. On the other hand, he is possessed by lust, has
the mind of lust. when seeking wealth Sailing into the ocean by boat,
through the cold, through the heat, being touched by flies, mosquitoes,
wind, sun, and swaying beasts, being persecuted by hunger and thirst,
going to control the state, to take the gold-state, to carry the state
government, to the state government, to the death to Wesungkarat, to
Verapath, to Chawarat, to Kamalirat, to Wangkarat, to Elawadhanarat, to
Suwannakot Rat. to Suwannaphum Rat Go to Tambapannirat, go to
Suppararat, go to Parukrat, go to Surat, go to Angkanarat, go to
Ganganagara, go to Paramakan State, go to throw the state, go to climb
the state. go to allsandra state Go to Marukanta State Traveling on the
knees Traveling with a goat Traveling with sheep travel where you want
hanging with rope and staple Traveling where you have to jump down with
a leather umbrella and then be able to walk travel to go with bamboo
travel by bird travel by rat Traveling along mountain roads, walking
along streams that have to be climbed along a sway, will be troubled,
will be sorrowful, even so tainted. When not sought after, he will
experience suffering and sorrow, even if he is unfounded. when seeking
and when he got it, he experienced suffering and sorrow, even with the
utmost care. with concern that By what tricks? So the king will not take
our wealth. Thieves won\'t steal, fire won\'t burn, water won\'t blow
away. The evil heirs will not carry them. when maintaining this rule
Wealth will disappear One suffers and sorrows in spite of the
dissolution of wealth; he will suffer; he will be sorrowful, even so
tainted; therefore, he will be called miserable, like a fool. The
Blessed One said, A bhikkhu is known as a sage, who prays alone, even
after practicing Gemini Dharma. will be miserable like a fool
therefore.
[255] Muni knows that punishment In other secular beings,
but as a monk before in this Dharma and Discipline, one should be firmly
established as one conducting. do not consume Gemini Dharma. Concerning
the practice of Muni
[256] The word Muni knows the punishment In other
secular beings, but as a monk before in this Dhamma and Discipline, it
is said that the word is muni, knowing, knowing, comparing, considering,
clarifying, making manifest. which treasures and misfortunes are rank
and honor in the past, that is, in the time of being a monk, it becomes
disgraceful and disgraceful. Of the bhikkhus who told me that was the
Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha, and the Sangha had already passed, and
later became a householder. The word muni means that wisdom is called
Mona, i.e. wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., transgressing the Dharma
as a connection and craving, just as a net, exists and is those
worshiped by gods and humans That person\'s name is a Muni. This word in
the Dharma and Discipline is in the doctrine, in the decency, in the
boundaries, in the boundaries, in the discipline, in the
Dharma-discipline, in the speech, in the holy life, in the being, in the
human world. in other secular beings, but being a monk first in the
Dharma This Discipline.
[257] The word that one should do one\'s
conduct to be stable means one should conduct one\'s conduct. securing
alone for two reasons, namely, by ordination 1, by refraining from
communion with group 1. How should one maintain stability through
ordination? all secular cut off worries about children and wives worry
about relatives cut off worries about friends and comrades Worried about
his wealth, he put down his hair and mustache, put on a robe. ordained
as a monk and attained to being a carefree person One should behave,
that is, to live, change posture, behave, maintain, and lead the way. A
Muni should strengthen his conduct alone through ordination. in this
way. How should one maintain a stable behavior by refraining from
mingling with a group? That Muni ordained like that should be alone in a
brothel and the dense forest, silent, with few voices, without
rumblings. without traffic people It should be the secret of human
karma. worthy of the Vivek, that Muni should walk alone. should stand
alone, sit alone, lie alone, go home to The alms round alone, back
alone, sitting alone in secret Praying to you alone One who behaves,
that is, to live, change his posture, behave, maintain, behave as he or
she is. Muni should do To behave steadfastly alone by refusing to mingle
with this group. Muni should act alone. to be permanent have stable
reconciliation Contributions are established in wholesome dharmas,
therefore it is called one\'s conduct to be steadfast.
[258] The word
should not be consumed by Gemini Dhamma means that the name Gemini
Dharma is the Dharma of evil people, etc. Therefore, it is called Gemini
Dhamma. Not to consume, not to indulge in, not to engage in, not to
consume only Gemini Dharma, therefore it is called not to consume Gemini
Dharma. The Blessed One said, Muni knew the punishment In other secular
beings, but as a monk before in this Dharma and Discipline, one should
maintain one\'s conduct. should not consume Gemini, Dharma.
[259] One
should study that solitude because the seclusion is the supreme activity
of the noble ones. It is not important for a person to say that I am a
noble one by conducting solitude, that person practices near
nirvana.
[260] The word one should study solitude there is a saying
that there are three types of seclusion, namely, physical seclusion,
citta vivek, and upadhi. Vivek 1, Vivek, why, etc., this is called Updhi
Vivek. There is a solitude for a person who has been avoided by the
body. Congratulations in Nekkamma There is a solitude for a person.
pure-hearted to the person who has a very pure mind Updhiviveka is
available to a person who has been deprived of nirvana, which is
ephemeral. The word education includes the three sikkhas, i.e. uphisila
sikkhā, adhicitta sikkhā, sikkhā 1, adhipanya sikkhā, etc. This is
called adhipanya sikkhā. One should study the seclusion, that is, one
should study, one should behave graciously. behave well One should
practice solitude, that is, therefore, one should study that
solitude.
[261] It is the highest deed of the noble ones. The Pacceka
Buddha is called the noble one. It is the supreme, sublime, supreme,
supreme and supreme act of the noble ones. is the highest of the noble
ones.
[262] The word person is not important that We are virtuous by
that seclusion, meaning that no one should relapse. do not exalt not to
be arrogant, not to be stubborn, with such seclusion, that is, arrogance
does not arise do not commit with that peculiar behavior One should not
be stubborn, arrogant, and snobbish with such a vain behavior. we are
noble By the practice of seclusion.
[263] The word that one practices
near nirvana means that one practices near, near, near, not far away,
near to nirvana, therefore it is called That person practices near
nirvana. The Blessed One said that one should study the solitude.
because the seclusion is the supreme activity of the noble ones. It is
not important for a person to say that I am a noble one by conducting
seclusion, that person acts in that place. Near nirvana.
[264] A group
of beings who delight in sensual pleasures. Loves a muni who practices
idleness, does not mourn for all sensual pleasures. who has crossed the
void.
[265] There is emptiness towards a muni who conducts emptiness:
emptiness, empty, secluded from corrupt bodies, corrupt speech,
corruption, sensuality, wrath, delusion, anger, wrath, disdain, stigma,
envy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, hardness, stubbornness.
Competitiveness, pride, contempt for you, drunkenness, negligence, all
defilements, all corruption, all anxiety. all the fervor all the trouble
All Agusalaphisankhara. The word muni means \"Intellectual\", called
Mona, i.e. wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., transgressing the Dharma
as a connection, and craving only as a net, exists and is worshiped by
gods and humans. That person is called a muni. The word muni is one who
wanders, lives, changes one\'s posture, conducts, maintains, and
maintains one\'s self, therefore he is called a muni who conducts
idleness.
[266] The word does not mourn for all sensual pleasures,
meaning sensual pleasures. Two kinds of sensual pleasures, which are
subjects namely: kamma, 1 lustful, etc., this is called lust, etc. This
is called lustfulness, this muni defines the knowledge of lustful
objects, refrains, alleviates, leads to the cessation of lusts. That is,
renunciation, renunciation, renunciation, renunciation, renunciation,
renunciation, renunciation, renunciation, quenched, quenched, consumed
only by happiness, possessing oneself as the noble one, therefore it is
called no mourning. in all sensual pleasures.
[267] The term beings
that delight in sensual pleasures are affectionate. \...who has crossed
over the void means that Paja is the name of beings. A group of beings
who desire, desire, delight, be attracted to, enthralled, entangled in
sensual pleasures. Those beings covet, delight, desire, cherish, delight
with the Muni, who crossed over, crossed over, crossed over, crossed
over, passed away, passed away, the path of pity. who has gone to shore
to shore to the end to the end To the end, to the end to the end of the
lap to the end of the lap To the end to the end To the end To the end to
the end to the secret place to the secret place to the refuge To the
unscathed to the unsafe, to the unmoving, to the unmoving. To
immortality to immortality to nirvana to nirvana Then, just as debtors
aspire to be debt free, those who are sick desire Like those who are
trapped in prison Just as those who are slaves desire to be freed from
prison Just as those who travel in the wilderness Just as a group of
beings desires, desires, desires, is attracted to, is involved, involved
in sensual pleasures. Such beings covet, rejoice, aspire to love, be
pleased with the muni who have crossed over, that is, ascending,
transcending, transcending, transcending, passing away, eclipsing,
eclipsing, nirvana, nirvana. So, therefore, is the name of all beings
who delight in sensual pleasures ... who have crossed over the void. The
Blessed One said, a group of beings who delight in sensual pleasures
Loves a muni who practices idleness, does not mourn for all sensual
pleasures. Those who have crossed the void are as follows.
Tissameteyasuttanidtes the 7th. ------------ Pasurasuttanidesutthes the
8th
[268] All recluses and brahmins say that only purity is in this
Dhamma. not mentioning the supreme purity of the other dharmas By
whatever, he said that it was beautiful because of his view. Many
recluses and brahmins are steadfast in one specific truth. On Purity

[269] The words recluse and brahmins say that only purification exists
in this Dharma, saying that all recluses and brahmins speak, speak,
speak, declare, Purity, excellence, excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, liberation, in this dharma only say, say, speak, show,
proclaim that purification. excellence, excellence, excellence,
liberation, liberation, liberation, that the world is eternal, only this
is true. Nothing else is said, said, spoken, expressed, proclaiming
which is pure. excellence, excellence, excellence, liberation,
excellence, liberation, that the world is impermanent, only this is
true. Nothing else, the world is finite, the world is not, the end is
life, that body, that body, other life, other body. An animal before but
dead is another animal before but dead. won\'t be again An being before
death, it will be again, it will not be again. The beast in front of him
is dead. Surely it can\'t be again. would not be again only this is true
Other things are empty, therefore they are called recluses and brahmins
who say that only purification in this dharma.
[270] The word does not
speak of supreme purity in other dharmas means that all recluses and
brahmins abandon, forsake, forsake all other words. Except for the
teachings spoken by the Prophet, his own way of teaching, speaking,
showing, and declaring, saying that the Master is not omniscient. Dharma
is not right that the Master has said well. Sangha is not a good
practice. Ditthi is not Ditthi Charoen. The practice is not a good
practice by the Prophet. The path is unrighteous, leading from
suffering, there is no purification, excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, or liberation. Not Exceeding, Not Exceeding, Not Exceeding,
Not Exceeding, Not Exceeding, Not Exceeding Because of all these
dharmas, that is, one is wicked, vile, lewd, obscene, filthy, and lowly,
therefore it is said that he does not speak of pureness in any other
dharma.
[271] Saying that which is beautiful because of one\'s
viewpoint means: Depends on what is, dwells, dwells well, what is
involved, is approached, enthralled, humiliated, what is the teacher,
what is the teaching of the Prophet, what is the Sangha, what is the
way? because of one\'s viewpoint, that is, because of one\'s view,
decency, preference, and doctrine. To say that is good, to say that is
good, to say that is a sage. said to be a sage said to be mystical say
it is cause, say it is characteristic, say it is said as by their own
doctrine, therefore it is called based on what Saying that is beautiful
because of one\'s views.
[272] the word many samanas and brahmins One
who is firmly established in a particular truth, that is, many ascetics
and brahmins, that are firmly attached, are attached to, are attached
to, are attached to, are attracted to, are enthralled, are adhering to a
particular truth, are entrusted, settled, are entangled, come into
contact, are attracted to, they are entrusted, that the world is
eternal. this is only true Anything else is empty, settled, settled,
entangled, approached, enamored, condescending that the world is
impermanent, etc. The creature before him is dead. Surely it can\'t be
again. It won\'t be any more, it can\'t be found. Only this is true.
nothing else, therefore many recluses and brahmins are called He is a
firm believer in one specific truth. The Blessed One said, The ascetics
and brahmins say that purification exists only in this dharma, and does
not speak of excellence in other dharmas. What do you live on? Saying
that is beautiful because of one\'s views many brahmins who are firm in
a particular truth.
[273] Those ascetics and brahmins, who wish to
enter the company as rivals, tend to each other as fools. those brahmins
relying on something else would say objections to each other One who
seeks praise, says that he is wise.
[274] The words that recluse and
brahmans wish to enter the company are saying: Those recluse and
brahmins wishing, those recluse and brahmins wishing. Desire for words,
wishing for words, intending for words, seeking out words. Entering into
a company, that is, entering, descending, accessing, approaching the
company, Brahmins, companies, households, companies, congregations,
therefore they are called Brahmins who wish to enter the company. that
they are rivals, that is, they are two-sided is a quarrel between two
parties Make sure both sides make a scandal for both sides. quarrel with
both sides Make a debate on both sides, make arguments, argue, argue,
argue. those brahmins They tend to one another, that is, behold, see,
see, look, look, and consider each other as foolish, wicked, wicked,
lewd, filthy, humiliated, therefore called rivals, they tend to each
other as liars. 276] Those samanas and brahmins relying on something
else uttering opposing words to one another, saying that those ascetics
and brahmins relied on, lived well, were entangled, were attracted to,
and entrusted to other things, namely the Prophet, the Dhamma spoken by
the Prophet, the Sangha, the Sangha, the Sangha, the Sangha, the Path,
the quarrel, the meaning, the rivalry, the strife, the malevolence are
called the Words. Against one another, words that are immature are
called opposing words. They say words, expressing, and expressing
objections, quarrels, and vows. Controversial words, quarrels, malicious
words,\
therefore they are called brahmins. relying on something else would
speak opposing words to one another.
[277] The word praising Said he
was wise, said to be a lover of praise, a lover of praise. want praise,
want praise, want praise to seek praise. The saying that one is wise is
to say that one is wise. say that he is a graduate say that he is a wise
man say that he is an intellect say that he is the cause say that he is
a character say that he is virtuous say that he is a By his own
doctrine, he is called a glorified person, saying he is wise. because of
that The Blessed One said, Those brahmins and contemporaries, who wished
to enter the company as rivals, tended to each other and said they were
fools. those brahmins relying on something else would say objections to
each other one who seeks praise, saying that he is a wise man. When you
want to be praised would be hesitant would be shy When his words are
objected by him and fall, he will be offended by critics. would be a
channel seeker making excuses about losing a speech and being offended

[279] The word people who put words in the midst of a company means
that people who are entrepreneurs are wholesome, hospitable,
well-composed, ready in their own words to speak in the midst of the
Brahmā. At a company, a company, a company, a company, therefore it is
called a person who puts words in the midst of the company.
[280] The
word when you want praise It is said that when coveted, praise is
covetousness, pleasure, desire, pleasure, affection; praise is
admiration, dignity. Praise you. He is hesitant, that is, before
responding, he is doubtful, hesitating, that is, before responding.
would be a skeptic Hesitating like this whether we will win or not, or
we will lose. How do we suppress him? How to glorify our cult How to
make our cult wonderful How to make our cult special? how to bind him
How to make relief How to cut around his words How shall we rebuke him?
That\'s why it\'s called when praise is desired. would be
hesitant.
[281] The word would be embarrassed. Since his words were
rejected by him, it was said that the people who considered the problem
were compassionate. object to fall, that is, object to fall, that is,
object to fall The words you said have no meaning. would object by
consonant that The words you said do not contain consonants. would
object by meaning and consonant that the words you said does not consist
of both meaning and consonant would object that Your body is not well
drawn. The consonants did not raise well. His words and consonants are
not well drawn, he is not raised well, he does not act against others.
The glorification of the cult, you do not do well, your wonderful words
do not act. A wonderful speech that only you do not do well. Your
commitment to others you do not do, your release is bad. Cutting around
other people\'s words you don\'t do. Rebellion against others, you do
bad things, you speak evil, speak evil, negotiate evil, speak evil
words. bad proverb would be shy when his words are rejected by him, that
is, when his words are rejected by him He is embarrassed, embarrassed,
anxious, troubled, troubled, therefore he is called embarrassed. when
his words were rejected by him.
[282] The word would be offended by
criticism It is said that because of reproach, that is, because of
gossip and slander, does not praise, does not praise you. The word is
offensive, that is, offended, offended, intent on revenge, causing
anger, resentment, and displeasure to appear. Therefore, it is called
offended because of blame. The word is indeed a seeker. find a way to
make excuses, that is, they will seek a way to make excuses seeks for
mistakes, mistakes, mistakes, negligence, and channels; therefore, one
is offended by criticism; one seeks a way to make excuses. The Blessed
One said, People who practice words in the midst of companies When you
want to be praised would be hesitant would be shy When his words are
objected by him and fall, he will be offended by critics. is indeed a
seeker of ways to make excuses.
[283] People who consider problems say
that people\'s words are bad object to fall A person whose speech has
become corrupted, mourns, sorrows, and sighs, saying that he has
neglected me. Concerning being oppressed by speech and regretting it, He
speaks, speaks, speaks, speaks, expresses his speech as bad, vile,
corrupt, corrupted, not perfect, therefore it is said that his speech is
bad.
[285] ... objection to fall. It is said that the people who
consider the problem are compassionate. would object to fall, that is,
would object with the meaning that the words you said does not contain
utility would object by consonant that The words that he said that did
not contain consonants would object to the meaning and consonants that
The words you said do not consist of both meaning and consonant. would
object that Your body is not well drawn. The consonants did not raise
well. His meaning and consonants are not well drawn, he is not raised
well, he does not act against others. The glorification of your cult is
not good. Wonderful words that you do not do, wonderful words that you
do not do well commitment to others you do not Your liberation is not
good, your disobedience, speech of others you do not. You do evil, speak
evil, speak evil, speak evil, speak evil words, speak evil words,
therefore are called troublemakers. \... objected to fall away.
[286]
The saying goes that the word has decayed, and is sorrowful and
sorrowful; saying, \'Rumbling\', that is, one who is raving, murmuring,
raving, raving, raving. delirium see this another event We have thought
and reflected. We have many people, many companies, many followers, and
this company is a group, but not in harmony. Talk and talk to be ready.
We will destroy them again. Therefore, it is called mourning. The word
sorrow is sorrowful, grieving, lamenting and lamenting. To the passion
that he triumphs, we defeat, he gains, we deteriorate, he has rank, we
degrade, he gains praise. We get gossip, he is happy, I am sad. He is
worshiped, revered, revered, worshiped, revered, robes, alms, sanas, and
kilan. We are not worshiped, revered, revered, and feared. We do not
receive robes, alms, sanas, and ceremonies. Therefore, it is called
sorrowful and sorrowful. There is a sea of sorrow There is a
deterioration around His speech has perished, his speech is not
complete, therefore the name is lost, and he grieves and sorrows.
[287]
He has passed over me, saying, sighing, that he has transgressed beyond
what he has spoken to me, therefore it is said that he has passed over
me even in this way. I sighed that He oppresses and tramples on me, and
then acts, changes his posture, turns, maintains, and maintains his
state of being, therefore he has passed away from me. Even in this way
delirium It\'s called sighing. Therefore, it\'s called sighing. He has
passed us over because of that. The Blessed One said, people who
consider problems say that people\'s words are bad objection to fall
away. That person, whose speech has lapsed, mourns, grieves, and sighs,
saying that he has passed on me.
[288] was born in the monks Joy and
displeasure are there because of those quarrels. a person has seen this
punishment refrain from objection because there is no other benefit from
gaining praise. Born in the recluses, it is said that the recluses are
certain peoples who are enlightened outside this religion. Conflict
because of view strife due to diligence quarrels because of diligence
The malice because of the view is born, that is, is born, is born, is
born, is uniquely born, is manifested among the recluses, therefore
these quarrels are called. born in the recluses.
[290] The words joy
and displeasure There is because of those quarrels, saying that there
will be victory and defeat. Fortune and Desolation Rank and Disgrace,
Gossip and Praise, Happiness and Suffering, Joy and Disappointment,
Inttharom and Anittharom. clearness and impact gladness and sorrow Joy
and sorrow are the mind of joy because of victory, the mind of despair
because of defeat. The mind rejoices because of good fortune. Desperate
mind because of depravity The mind rejoices because of the rank.
Depressed mind due to disgrace The mind rejoices because of praise.
Disgusted because of gossip happy mind ill-tempered because of suffering
The mind rejoices because of joy. The mind is grieving because of
sorrow, the mind is delighted because it thrives. The mind is grieving
because of the sorrow, therefore it is called gladness and ill-will.
inevitably because of those quarrels.
[291] The word that one has seen
this punishment One should refrain from objecting, saying, seeing,
seeing, seeing, seeing, comparing, considering, making it clear make it
known that the punishment because of quarrels because of views The
meaning is certain because of the view. strife due to diligence quarrels
because of diligence The hostility of one another is due to viewpoint,
therefore it is called that the blame has been seen. Confidence,
rivalry, quarrel, malice It\'s called opposing each other. Words that
are lacking in quality are called opposing words. People should not make
objection statements, that is, they should not quarrel. Confidence
Conflicts, quarrels, hostility, should be abandoned, alleviated,
eradicated, leading to non-existence later. which quarrel Confidence
quarrels, quarrels, and hostility, that is, one should abstain, refrain,
refrain, leave, renounce, liberate, be separated from quarrels.
Confidence Conflicts, quarrels, and malices should be one who has the
mind freed from the realm of defilements. Please refrain from objecting
to each other.
[292] There is no other benefit from obtaining praise,
meaning there is no other benefit from receiving praise, namely one\'s
benefit, the benefit of others, both of these benefits, the benefit of
this life. Benefits are in the next life, shallow benefits, deep
benefits, mysterious benefits, hidden benefits. The benefits that should
be brought Benefits benefit without penalty benefit without passion pure
benefit There is no great benefit, it is not manifested, it cannot be
entered; therefore, there is no other benefit from obtaining praise. The
Blessed One said, these quarrels was born in the monks pleasure and
There is malice because of those quarrels. A person, having seen this
punishment, should refrain from objecting. for there is no other benefit
from being praised.
[293] would be glorified because of that view That
person would laugh and flourishing with benefits in that victory because
of that person achieved that benefit He is a person as he wishes to
think.
[294] The word, whether or not \... is to be praised because of
that view, means that because of that view, that person is a person who
is praised, admired, commended, describes you because of that view.
one\'s self-righteousness, hence the name, or that \... is to be praised
because of that view.
[295] The word utterance among companies is
saying, saying, saying, proclaiming, showing, prospering, commanding,
defining the words of Oneself and one\'s speech is submissive to one\'s
speech in the midst of a company, a Brahmin, a company, a householder, a
company, a congregation. Therefore, a person is said to speak a word
among a company.
[296] The word that person laughs. and it flourishes
with the benefit of that victory, meaning that one is joyful, laughing,
cheerful, contented, abundant, with the benefit of that victory. That
person laughs until he sees his teeth, hence the name that person
laughs. And it flourishes with the benefit of that victory, that person
is thriving, exalting himself as a banner, exalting himself, having the
mind lifted up as the flag, with the benefit of winning, hence the name
that person laughs. and flourishing with the benefit of that
victory.
[297] The word because of that person achieved that benefit He
is the one who thinks that he has attained, that is, to have attained
only that benefit. He is the one who fulfills his intentions, his
intentions, his intentions, his intentions, hence he has achieved that
benefit. because of that Then the Blessed One said, \"Is it that a
person speaks a word in the midst of a company? would be glorified
because of that view That person would laugh and flourishing with
benefits in that victory because of that person achieved that benefit as
one who wishes to imagine. That person would say arrogance. and disdain
a person has already seen the punishment One should not quarrel, a wise
man does not speak pure because of that quarrel.
[299] The word
prosperity is the trampling ground of that person, meaning that
prosperity is pride as a flag. self esteem which the mind desires to
raise as a flag that boom It\'s an invasive ground, that is, a cut
floor. is the ground for encroachment It is the oppressive ground, the
dangerous ground, the obstacle of that person, hence the name
prosperity. that person.
[300] The word that person speaks of contempt
and contempt, meaning that person arrogant and speaks blasphemy;
therefore, that person is called arrogance and contempt. should not
quarrel, that means seeing, meeting, comparing, considering, making it
clear make clear made known that the penalty because of quarrel together
because of the view The meaning is certain because of the view. strife
due to diligence A quarrel because of views, hostility because of views,
therefore it is called that the blame is seen. Meaning of persistence
Conflicts, quarrels, and hostility are to be abandoned, alleviated, and
put an end to the absence of quarrels. Confidence quarrels, quarrels,
and hostility, that is, one should refrain, refrain, refrain, renounce,
liberate, be separated from quarrels. Confidence, strife, strife and
malice should be one whose mind is made free from the realm of
defilements, therefore it is known that he has seen the blame One should
not quarrel with one another.
[302] It is said that the wise in the
word wise does not speak purely because of quarrels; that is, the wise
in the aggregates, the wise in the elements, the wise in the senses, the
wise in the deeds, the wise in the mind, the wise in the assumption wise
in power Wise in the organics, wise in strength, wise in enlightenment,
wise in the path, wise in fruit, wise in nirvana, those wise do not
speak, do not tell, do not speak, do not show, do not declare purity.
excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation, liberation
due to quarrels because of views. Confidence because of the view, the
conflict because of the view. quarrels because of diligence malice
because of stubbornness, therefore it is said that a wise man does not
speak purely because of that quarrel. The Blessed One said that
prosperity is the destructive ground of that person. That person would
say arrogance. and disdain a person has already seen the punishment One
should not quarrel, a wise man does not speak purely because of that
quarrel.
[303] A brave man fed by a king with good things to chew.
fiery longing for people Dare to be the enemy Just as a brave person
will be found as an enemy, so will you, view, view, view, where is your
view? Go away from there. All the defilements of the Tathagata are not
in the beginning to fight.
[304] The name of the brave, in the word
brave, whom the King has fed with what should be chewed, is the brave,
the ardent, the valiant, the unwise. timid, fearless person people
don\'t panic People don\'t escape. The word that the King feeds with
things that should be chewed means that the person whom the King has
nourished, that is, fed, nourished and enriched with things that should
be chewed. with the King\'s edibles, hence the name brave man whom the
King fed with savory treats.
[305] The word fiery desires the brave as
an enemy. Just as a person who is brave will find an enemy, a person who
has a view will find a person who has a view, who is brave, who is
arrogant, who is arrogant, who is arrogant, who is antagonistic. enemy
is enemy An adversary warrior finds, is reached, a hero who is an enemy,
hence the name. Just as a brave person will be found as an enemy, so
will a person who has a view will find a person who will be an enemy.
where is the lord Go away from that place, \'Where is the lord, go, go,
walk, walk, and walk from there. because of you That is a brave person
who is the enemy. an opposing man an enemy that is an enemy He is a
warrior who is hostile to you; therefore, he is called, Lord Brave.
where is the lord Go away from that place.
[307] The words that the
Tathagata\'s defilements are not initially intended to fight, which
defilements hinder hostile make a splinter hostile Those defilements do
not exist, that is, they do not exist, they are not manifested, they
cannot be entered, they are the sins of the Tathagata, abandoned, cut
off, calmed, settled, preventing their occurrence. Burned with fire is
wisdom. In the beginning, it is at the base of Phothiphruek. The word to
fight is for the benefit of fighting. to quarrel for the meaning for the
rivalry to quarrel for malice, therefore it is called all defilements.
of the Tathagata was not initially intended to fight. The Blessed One
said, A brave man who the King has fed him with good things to chew on.
fiery longing for people Dare to be the enemy Just as a person who is
brave will be an enemy, so so will a person who has a view will find a
person who will see you. Go away from there, all the defilements of the
Tathagata are not in the beginning to fight.
[308] Those who hold their
opinions quarrel with each other and say: Only this is true, so say to
them. because of the passion that interferes with each other when the
word was born There is no one here. Concerning quarrels because of
views,
[309] those who hold views will quarrel, meaning those who
hold, hold, hold, hold, hold on to any 62 view. quarrels, quarrels,
quarrels, strife, quarrels, slander that you do not know this Dharma and
Discipline, I know this Dharma and Discipline. How do you know this
discipline? you misbehave we do Our words are useful Your words are
useless. Words that should be said before He said later Words that
should be said later You said before His fluent words were interrupted.
I have condemned him. He has been defeated by us. you go on a journey or
amend it to discard the word. If you are able, therefore it is called.
would quarrel.
[310] The word and would say Only this is true, that is,
he speaks, speaks, speaks, declares that the world is eternal; only this
is true. Other things are empty, the world is impermanent, etc. The
creature before him is dead. Surely it can\'t be again. would not be
again only this is true nothing else, therefore it is called, and it is
said that Only this is true as follows.
[311] Say to them. For the
defilements that interfere with each other, when the word has arisen,
will not exist here, say to them. Whoever is the lord of views, that is
you, do tyranny with tyranny. do karma, answer with karma do strange
karma with strange karma do strange karma only with strange karma bind
with commitment make casts with casts make cuts with cuts rebuke them
with rebellion. Those are the brave, the enemy, the hostile men. an
enemy that is an enemy a warrior against you, therefore your name is
thou shalt speak to them. For the defilements that interfere with each
other, when the words arise, do not mean that when the words arise, are
born, arise, arise, arise, and those defilements interfere with each
other, conflicts. splintering antagonism Conflict, seek, wrestle,
quarrel, quarrel, malice, none of those defilements, that is, they are
not ready, are not manifested, are not entered, are the sins of the
Tathagata. Burned with fire is wisdom, therefore your name is spoken to
them because of the defilements that interfere with each other when the
words arise. would not exist here. Because of that The Blessed One said,
\"Those who hold their opinions quarrel with each other, and say, \"This
is the only thing that is true, so speak to them.\" because of the
passion that Interfering with each other when the word is born would not
exist here.
[312] Any arahants Sena has been eliminated Without
affecting the view with the view, he travels to see Karpasura, what do
you get in those Arahants? who does not consider This is noble.
Concerning Mara Sena
[313] You should know how to explain it in the
words Who are the arahants? Sena has been eliminated \... it travels as
follows: Sena is called Sena. Corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt
conscience, sensuality, anger, hatred, anger, anger, arrogance,
arrogance, envy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, hardness, good
competition, arrogance, scorn. Drunkenness, carelessness, all
defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness all the fervor all the
trouble All auspiciousness It is true, as the Blessed One said:
\"Defilements, I say that he is your first sena, etc.\" As for (a brave
man, he wins). When he wins, he will be happy as follows. All the devils
and all the enmity which one has won, not lost, destroyed, eliminated,
destroyed, prevented, by the Four Noble Path, then that person is called
He is the one who gets rid of the sena. The words that are arhat khinas.
The words roam, that is, roam around, change posture, behave, maintain,
be able to be. Therefore, they are called arhats. Sena has been
eliminated will travel.
[314] The word that does not affect the view
with the view means: Those have already been cut off, calmed, stopped,
why shouldn\'t it happen? burned with fire is the soul Those arahants do
not affect, that is, not even, do not destroy, do not destroy view,
therefore they do not affect one\'s view by view.
[315] What do you
get in these arhatsuras, valiant, valiant, adversary? antagonist who are
adversary warriors, what will you gain in those arhats? Therefore it is
called, O Lord, what will you gain in Those Arahant Khinas This is
noble: holding, clinging, enthusiasm, humility. This is noble,
excellent, great, supreme, supreme subject, there is no such thing, that
is, it does not appear, does not enter into any arahant khilesa, that
is, the defilements that those arhats have abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevented it from happening, and burned. Fire is wisdom,
therefore he is called a person who has no regard for This is noble.
Because of that The Blessed One said, Who are the arahants? Sena has
been eliminated Without affecting the view with the view, he travels to
see Karpasura, what do you get in those Arahants? who does not consider
This is noble.
[317] You have already thought of all views with your
heart. He came to compete with a wise Buddha named Thona. You can\'t
equalize it. Concerning the wisdom of the Buddha
[318] The chapter
that \"Oh\" in the word, you have thought \... has come, it is a
constituent chapter, it is a related chapter. complete is an
alphabetical meeting term It is a word for making consonants to be
elaborate. Will we win or not? or we will defeat How will we suppress
him, how will we honor our cult? How to make our cult wonderful? How to
make our cult special? How to bond with him? How to make relief will
make a cut how to speak to him How to rebuke him thus: he who has come,
that is, has come, has come, has come, has come together with us,
therefore he is called, that he has thought \... he has come. Manas
hatai, pandara, mana, manaitana, manindara, the spirit, the khandha, the
mind of the spirit, the elements born from the contact and so on. Some
of the world is timeless, the world is not timeless, etc. The beast in
front of me is dead. Surely it can\'t be again. will not be any more,
therefore it is called thinking of all views with the heart.
[320] He
came to compete with a wise Buddha named Thona. You are unable to equate
it to the following: Wisdom is known as Thona, which is knowledge,
universal knowledge, etc., non-delusion, discrimination Consensus Why?
Wisdom is therefore called Thona. Because wisdom is a means to remove,
wash, cleanse, cleanse all corrupt bodies, etc. Sammaditthi is the one
that removes, washes, washes, and washes which the dead, etc.; Samma
Vimutthi is the one that removes, washes, washes, and washes which the
deceitful mind. The Noble Eightfold Path is the one that removes,
washes, cleanses, and washes away all unwholesome things. all corrupt
all the restlessness all the fervor all the trouble All auspiciousness.
The Blessed One reaches. Access Ready Get in Ready Get in Ready Get in
Ready Get in! consisted of both Dharma Many of them are this eliminator.
because of that The Blessed One is called Wisdom as a tool to eliminate.
The Blessed One has eliminated lust, sin, defilement, and passion.
Therefore, he is called Wisdom as a tool. He came to compete with a wise
Buddha named Thona. You can\'t make it in time, meaning that the serpent
cannot come to compete, that is, to come to hold a mate. to discuss and
interact with with the Blessed One who is the Buddha A wise man named
Thona. Why is that? Pasura perishes a person who is wicked, depraved,
depraved, obscene, filthy, and inferior. As for the Blessed One, the
Blessed One is the supreme, sublime, splendid, presiding officer. The
Pasurasara is unable to compete with one another, that is, to come to
hold a mate. to converse and speak with the Blessed One who is a wise
Buddha named Thona, like a rabbit that cannot compete with a mate, that
is, to come to hold a pair with a large elephant lining it like an old
fox unable to compete in pairs, that is, to come to be paired with Siha
who is a majesty, like a calf, a small calf still drinking milk unable
to compete, that is, to come to be paired with a mighty ox like a crow;
not to compete with a pair, to come to be paired with a Garuda-Ventai
clan. like an outcast Can\'t come to compete with a pair, that is, come
to hold a pair with the emperor and like a devil playing dust Can\'t
come to compete in pairs, that is, to come to hold with Indra the deva
Racha, so why is that? Because the demons are perverted, they have bad
intelligence, they have poor intelligence, they have filthy
intelligence, they have filthy intelligence, they have low intelligence.
His Highness was very wise, with great wisdom. wise, joyful, wise, wise,
shrewd, shrewd One who is wise in the category of wisdom, has a sharp
intellect, has attained the sacrament. It has arrived that Vesarachayan
4 is a valiant man. a man of color, a man of a naga, a man of dignity He
was a man running errands as usual. have the greatest intellect have the
greatest power have the highest rank He is wealthy, has a lot of wealth,
has wisdom as wealth, is a leader, a wonderful leader. Continue to lead
To know the benefits, to meditate, to be a person who sees the benefits
to sail with Pasada. The Blessed One He is the one who gives the path
that has not yet arisen. unborn path giver ready to be ready The speaker
tells the way that no one has told. He knows the way He knows the Path,
He is wise in the Path. That\'s it now. the disciples of the Blessed One
He is a follower of the Path, a person of lustrous color. Later, the
Blessed One knows the dharma that should be known He saw the dharma that
should be seen. He is the one who has the eye, the insight, the Dharma
as the Brahma, the one who speaks, guides, brings out the meaning. is
the giver of dharma Being a Dharma husband, a Tathagata. What I don\'t
know. things not seen the unknown things that do not inform What is not
right with wisdom does not exist for that Blessed One. All dharmas,
including past, future, and present, will come into the canal of the
Blessed One\'s wisdom. One who is enlightened by all manifestations.
It\'s called the benefit that should be introduced in everything that
one should know, his own benefit, the benefit of others, the two
benefits, the benefit in this life. Benefits in the next life, shallow
benefits, deep benefits, mystical benefits. concealed benefit
Recommended benefits Benefits recommended by graduates Benefit without
penalty benefits without passion Shining benefits great benefit all the
benefits It is within the Buddha\'s knowledge. All physical, speech,
mental and physical action. would be according to the knowledge of the
Blessed One The Enlightened One, the Enlightened One, the Enlightened
One, does not interfere with the past, the future, and the present. Only
the wisdom, the more knowledge, the only Dharma that should be
recommended. Phra yarn is part of the supreme part of the dharma chapter
that should be recommended. Dharma that should be recommended The path
of the Dharma that should be introduced is not beyond the enlightenment.
They are located at the end of each other\'s surroundings. When the two
layers are completely sealed together, the bottom layer does not exceed
the top layer. Just as the upper tiers are not higher than the lower
tiers, as the two tiers are located in the periphery of each other, the
Dharma teachings that should be introduced, the insights of the Blessed
One. the enlightened They are located at the end of each other\'s
surroundings, how much doctrine should be instructed, how much wisdom
should be taught, and how much doctrine should be instructed. The dharma
chapter that should be introduced is also the culmination of the
Buddha\'s knowledge. The path of the Dharma that should be recommended
is not beyond the enlightenment. those virtues They are located at the
end of each other\'s surroundings. so is the wisdom of the Blessed One
the enlightened would be in all dharmas. All dharmas because of the
because of hope because of the community due to malice of the Blessed
One The Enlightened One, the Exalted One, the Enlightened One is in all
beings. He knows that those beings who have little passion in the eye,
have many defilements in the eye. organic Weak organic, good symptoms,
bad symptoms, easy to recommend, difficult to recommend. be an animal It
is unfortunate for beings. The world with its gods, the world of Mara,
the world of beings and brahmins. angels and humans would be within the
Buddha\'s insight. Fish and all kinds of turtles Including the timimi,
the assorted timming, and the assorted timitthe fish, in the end, just
as the world, with its devas, mara, and brahma worlds, together with
ascetics and brahmins, devas and humans, would be within the Buddha\'s
knowledge I am. All kinds of birds. Including the Garuda Ventai Khot, in
the end, just as the Buddha\'s disciple, who is equal to Sariputra, the
Elder by wisdom would be in the country of the Buddha I am. encompasses
the wisdom of gods and human beings. who was a king, a brahmin, a
householder, a contemplative person, possessing subtle wisdom know the
words of others Like an archer shoots the fur of an animal accurately.
Traveling as if breaking the views of others with your own wisdom those
graduates Having refined the problems, he went to see the Tathagata and
asked them questions. which the Blessed One had asked and answered It
was a problem for a reason that His Highness expressed and shook off
those graduates. would be obedient to the Lord The Blessed One is truly
splendid with his wisdom there. Therefore, he is called to compete with
the wise Buddha named Thona. He was unable to match. Because of that,
the Blessed One said: He had already thought of all the views with his
heart. He came to compete with a wise Buddha named Thona. You can\'t be
able to artificially catch up. End. Pasurasuttanidthes the 8th.
------------------------- Makandiyasuttanidthes the 9th on Gemini Dharma

[321]
[The Blessed One said] Even if the satisfaction In Gemini
Dharma, there is none, because I have seen Mrs. Tanha, Mrs. Oradi, and
Mrs. Raka. Why would there be contentment in Gemini Dharma, seeing this
body full of dirt and green? we don\'t want
[322] There is no such
thing as pleasure in Gemini Dharma, because of the presence of desire,
ora, and price. Seeing, is experiencing the mother daughter, namely,
Mrs. Tanha, Mrs. Oradi, and Mrs. Radhi. Therefore it is called that
there is no satisfaction in Gemini Dharma, because I saw Mrs. Tanha,
Mrs. Oradi, and Mrs. Radhi.
[323] Why is the word contentment in Gemini
Dharma? There is because he sees the body that is full of mollusks. And
this greek We do not wish to touch that body even with our feet: Why
would there be contentment in the Gemini Dharma? full of blood having a
skeleton There are ligaments that are bound together. with blood and
flesh painted with plaster wrapped in skin, covered by skin There are
few and large channels. flowing in and out normally where the worms live
full of all guilt We do not wish to tread with our feet. Cohabitation,
or association with the body, where does it exist? Therefore, it is
called pleasure in Gemini Dhamma. This one is full of mud and greek. We
do not wish to correct that body even with our feet. The Blessed One
said, Even if there was no satisfaction in Gemini Dharma, because she
saw the lady of desire, the lady of Oradi, and the lady of the price.
Satisfaction in Gemini Dharma, why would one have to see the body? This
one is full of mud and greek. We do not wish to be correct. Even with
the feet.
[324] (Makanthiya Brahman asked) If you do not wish for a
Nari who is so adept at this that many kings The one who is greater than
the nobility desires You would say what kind of view, morality,
ascendancy, life and birth.
[325] (The Blessed One said: See
Kormakanthiya) Arranging the Agreement on the Dharma They are confident
that We say this thus, there is none for us. Well, we see the blame in
views, do not hold on to it, when we choose, we see inner peace.
[326]
The word I say this, I say this, thus does not exist for me, that I say
this. say that said only said only by reason say this view that the
world is eternal Surely it can\'t be again. It will not be again, it
cannot be found. It does not exist for us, that is, it does not exist
for us, therefore it is called ... This is what I say, it does not exist
for me. The Blessed One called the Brahman by the name of Makandiya. The
word bhagava is a word spoken with respect, etc. The word bhagava is a
law of truth, therefore it is called the Blessed One. See Kormakanthiya.
Regarding Ditthi 62
[327] The word in all dharmas, in the word that
having reached agreement in all dharmas, it is assumed that in view 62.
The word reaching agreement means that it has been decided, that is, to
decide, to seek, to seek, to compare, to examine, to investigate, to
make it clear. Therefore, holding on, holding on, holding on,
collecting, collecting, gathering, holding, holding, clinging, clinging,
clinging, convincing, believing that this is true, true, certain, as is,
is true, is not perverted, thus it does not exist, does not appear, does
not enter That is, the Tathagata Dhamma is abandoned, cut off, calmed,
stopped, preventing it from happening. Burned with fire is wisdom,
therefore it is called that having reached agreement in all dharmas and
sticking to it.
[328] The word \'we see blame in views and do not
hold\' means that we see blame in views and do not hold on, that is, do
not cling to. Not holding on to all views. We do not hold, we do not
cling to Do not trust Even for this reason, therefore, it is called that
we see the blame in all views and do not hold on to it. We see in all
views that this view is the eternal world, only this is true. Other
things are empty, as follows: a thorny view be an enemy is a struggling
It is a view that is attached to it, suffering, hardship, and despair.
There is passion, not for boredom. not for libido It does not lead to
cessation, it does not lead to peace, it does not lead to higher
knowledge. not for enlightenment It does not lead to nirvana, so it does
not hold, does not care, does not cling to all views. All views we do
not respect. don\'t hold on Do not trust Even for this reason,
therefore, it is called that we see the blame in all views and do not
hold on to it. We see in all views that this view is that the world is
impermanent, the world is finite, the world is infinite, that is life,
that body is another, life is another, and that body is another. An
animal before but dead is another animal before but dead. won\'t be
again The beast in front of him is dead. would be again would not be
again The beast in front of him is dead. Surely it can\'t be again.
would not be again only this is true Other things are empty, as follows:
a thorny view ...It does not lead to enlightenment, it does not lead to
nirvana, so it does not hold, does not care, does not cling to all
views. All views we do not respect. don\'t hold on Do not trust Even for
this reason, therefore, it is called that we see the blame in all views
and do not hold on to it. We see the punishment in all views that these
views One who holds it this way, touches it like this, has such a view.
Having this next life, he does not hold, does not care, does not cling
to all views. All views we do not respect. don\'t hold on Do not trust
Even for this reason, therefore, it is called that we see the blame in
all views and do not hold on to it. We see the punishment in all views
that these views to be born in hell, to be born in the beast It leads to
being born in the Pretavisa, so it does not hold, does not care, does
not cling to all views. All views we do not respect. don\'t hold on Do
not trust Even for this reason, therefore, it is called that we see the
blame in all views and do not hold on to it. We see the punishment in
all views that These views are impermanent, conditioned and coexisting.
There is a normal end There is a natural decline, a nature of
dissipation, a nature of cessation, so they do not hold on, they do not
cling to, they do not cling to, on the other hand, we should not hold on
to them, they should not be touched, they should not cling to. Even for
this reason, therefore, it is called that we see blame in all views and
do not adhere to it.
[329] The word when choosing I have seen inner
peace, which is peace, calmness, cessation, cessation of lust, hatred,
delusion, anger, attachment, anger ... all suffering. The word, when
choosing, means that when choosing is to search, seek, compare, examine,
investigate, it becomes clear that All things are impermanent. All
sankharas are suffering. All dharmas are selfless, etc. Anything has
normal birth All things have a natural extinction. The word \"seen\"
means \"I have seen, I have seen, I have seen, I have seen, I have
stabbed all the time.\" Therefore, when I choose, I have seen inner
peace. That\'s why. The Blessed One said, (The Blessed One said: See
Makandiya) to reach agreement in the Dharma. Many people believe that I
say this thus, there is none for me; we see the blame in all views and
do not hold on to it. when selected have seen that Inner peace.
[330]
(Makanthiya Brahman said) Whatever views, who have made up their minds,
are muni who do not hold on to them. What is the meaning of inner peace?
What are the meanings of the wise men?
[331] The words that have been
determined means that 62 views are called views that have been decided.
Married, well set up, hence the name already initiated. All views are
impermanent, conditioned. coexistence occurs There is a normal end have
normal deterioration There is a natural dissipation, there is a natural
cessation, there is a natural variation, therefore it is called
\"Initiative,\" hence the name \"Iti\", which is the idea that has been
decided. Sondhi, etc. This Iti chapter is a sequence of chapters. The
chapter Makhandiyo is a name, a counting device. known as a trigger of
that brahmin, therefore it is called Iti Makhandiyo.
[332] Those words
of view in the word that you are a muni do not hold What do these views
say that inner peace is ditthi? 62. The word muni means that knowledge
is called Mona, i.e. wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., transgressing
the Dharma as a reference. and craving just as such, that person\'s name
is muni. We see the faults of views, so we do not hold, do not care, do
not hold on to views, and say, \"Inward peace, what is the meaning of
the word, what is its meaning, therefore it is called a muni who does
not hold on to those views?\" What meaning? Inner peace.
[333] How
does the word kathum in the word meaning? question It\'s a question of
doubt. It\'s a two-way question. It\'s a question in part, is that so?
whether or not How is it? What, therefore, what is its name? The word
wise people are sages, those who are wise, knowledgable, wise,
enlightened. The wise person is the memory. The word \'preach\' means
\'announcement, decree, decree, appointing, revealing, classifying,
shallow-declaring, therefore it is called the meaning. The Blessed One
said, (Makandiya, the brahmin said) Whatever views, having made up his
mind, he is a muni and does not hold onto them. What is the meaning of
inner peace, what is the meaning, how have the wise people proclaimed
it?
[334] (The Blessed One said See Kormakanthiya Brahman) The sage
does not speak. Completely even with a view I don\'t say purity even
with suta, I don\'t say purity even with my knowledge Without speaking
purity, even by virtue and ceremonies, a person attains inner peace.
with no prejudice with no suta, with no insight, without morality With
the absence of asceticism, one, having renounced those dharmas, does not
hold on to it, is at peace, does not dwell, does not expect the
world.
[335] The word sage does not speak of purity even by view. I do
not say purification even with Suta, I do not say purification even with
my knowledge, that is, the sage does not say, does not say, does not
show, does not say, which is excellence, excellence, excellence,
liberation, excellence, liberation, even by view. \... even with suta
Does not speak of purity even with suta, does not speak purity even with
knowledge. The Blessed One calls that brahmana by the name Makandiya.
The word Bhagava is a respectful saying, etc. The word Bhagava is the
truth. decrees, therefore, the Blessed One said: See also Makandiya.

[336] The word sage does not say purification even through precepts
and ceremonies, meaning sage does not say, does not say, does not speak,
does not show, does not express, which is purification, which is
excellence, perfection, liberation, liberation. Exceptional, liberation
even by virtue \... even with asceticism \... even by virtue and
asceticism. Therefore it is called that the sage does not say
purification even by virtue and ceremonies. A person attains inner peace
with no prejudice with no supremacy with no intuition with no morals It
is not possible that there is no asceticism, as follows: Even if the
view is desirable, there are ten objects of right view: alms given are
fruitful, offerings are fruitful, offerings are fruitful. There is the
fruit of good deeds and evil deeds: there is this world, there is the
next world, there are mothers, there are fathers, there are beings that
are uppatika
[born], ascetics and brahmins who walk right, do right,
who cause. proclaiming this world and the hereafter with great wisdom
and proclaiming Exist in the world. Even if Suta wants to take the sound
of a person: Sutta, Kayya, Veyakarana, kata, ejaculate, itivuttaka,
jataka, upbhuta dharma, vedalla. Saktayan Satchanulomikayan, Apinyayan,
samapattinyana. The eight observances that are desirable to undertake
pilgrimage are: Aranyikadhu. Pindapati Gangkhadhu Pang Sukulikhang
Tejewarikangkhadhu pilgrimage pilgrimage Flute Panchabhatti Kangkhadhu
Nesatchigankhadhu, Yathasanth, Tikankhadhu, the word A person attains
inner peace with no prejudice with no suta, with no insight, without
morality With the absence of asceticism, it is not possible that a
person has attained to the inner peace with the dharma that there is no
right view with the dharma that hearing cannot be obtained; with the
dharma one cannot obtain knowledge. with the dharma that precepts cannot
be obtained By the dharma that the Buddha cannot obtain, he attains
inner peace, except for these dharmas. Because these dharmas are aids
for attaining, attaining, correcting, clarification of inner peace,
hence the name that a person attains peace. Inside with no view with no
supremacy with no intuition With no morality, without asceticism, it is
not possible.
[338] The word that one has renounced those dharmas does
not believe, meaning renunciation by elimination of black dharmas. with
those virtues Must be desired. The cessation of craving in all parts of
the Dharma. the merit in the tri-elements It must be desired. The Black
Dharma is a Dharma that can be abandoned by a person by elimination, by
elimination, has a broken root. Why is there a location like Tan Yod
Duan? to no later There is no further occurrence. and the cessation of
craving in all dharmas, how can there be merit in the three elements?
One does not hold, does not cling, does not cling, even by cause. those
black dharmas disrespectful person don\'t hold on Do not trust Even for
this reason, thus it is said that one who renounces those dharmas and
does not hold on to it. has a broken root Why is there a location like
Tan Yod Duan? to the non-existence later on. For whatever reason, a
person does not hold, neither clings, nor clinging, even by cause. Even
for this reason, it is called one who renounces those virtues. and do
not hold on to it Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisangkhan It is a condition
that can be individual. has a broken root Why is there a location like
Tan Yod Duan? to the absence later there is no birth It\'s normal for a
person to not hold on to, not cling to, or cling to, even by cause. Even
thus, thus it is said that one who renounces those dharmas and does not
hold on to it.
[339] The word \'peaceful\' in the word \'peaceful\',
one does not dwell, is not expected of life; meaning is serene, is
calmed, is quenched, is settled because of sensuality. Anger, hatred,
anger, anger, arrogance, disdain, equality, jealousy, stinginess,
deceit, boastfulness, harshness, arrogance, arrogance, contempt,
drunkenness, drunkenness, all defilements, all corruption. all the
restlessness all the fervor all the trouble All akusala-bhisankharas are
calmed, serene, settled, burned, quenched, ceased, hence calm. There are
two habits in the word no longer living: craving for habits, attitudes,
etc. This is called lust, habit, etc. Name: Ditthi Habits Relinquishing
a spoiled view, does not dwell, does not hold, does not cling to, does
not hold on to the eye, ear, nose, tongue, body, mind, form, sound,
smell, taste, touch, family, family, abbot, fortune, rank, praise,
happiness, robes, alms, senas, qilan, pharmacological factors,
kamma-elements, form-elements. The kamma, the form, the non-formal, the
non-formal, the unseen, the unseen, the nasya, the na-sana, the
universe, the quadruple, the panchavokarnap, the past, the future, the
present, the things seen, heard, known, and enlightened. Therefore, he
is at peace. No longer living. The word undesirable is undesirable,
undesirable. It is undesirable that the erotic realm, the form, the
non-formal realm, therefore, is called the calm, not dwelling, not
expecting the realm. Therefore, the Blessed One said: (The Blessed One
said: See Kormakanthiya Brahman) The sage does not speak. Completely
even with a view I don\'t say purity even with suta, I don\'t say purity
even with my knowledge Without speaking purity, even by virtue and
ceremonies, a person attains inner peace. with no prejudice with no
suta, with no insight, without morality Without asceticism there is no
such thing as a person who renounces those dharmas and does not hold on
to it.
[340] (Makanthiya Brahman said) I heard that if the wise do not
speak of purity even by view, they do not speak of purity even with
suta. He does not speak of purification even with wisdom, and does not
speak of holiness even by virtue and virtue, one attains inner peace.
with no prejudice with no suta, with no insight, without morality with
no asceticism I can\'t find it I am important to your dharma. It\'s the
justice of the foolish indeed. because some brahmins It means
purification by view.
[341] The word heard that if the wise do not
speak of purity even with a view, they do not speak purity even with a
sutta. It does not say purification even by intuition; that is, the sage
does not say, does not say, does not speak, does not express, does not
state, which is excellence, excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, liberation, even by view ... even with suta ... even. with
ditthi and suta It does not speak of purity even with intellect. The
chapter \"Iti\" in the assembly \"Iti Makhandiyo\" is the Sandhi, etc.
The \"Iti\" chapter is a sequence of chapters. The term \"Makanthiyo\"
is a name, a count known as a trigger of that brahmin, therefore it is
called Iti Makhandiyo.
[342] The word sage does not speak of
purification even by virtues and virtues, meaning sage does not say,
does not say, does not show, does not state, which purification is
purification. excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation,
excellence, liberation, even by virtue \... even by virtue \... even by
virtue and asceticism. Therefore, the sage does not say purification
even by virtue and ceremonies. inner peace with no prejudice with no
suta, with no insight with no morals with no asceticism did not know
that he said thus: Even if the view is desirable Even Suta wanted Even
if the mind wishes to take\
Even precepts are desirable Even ascetic desires You are not able to
give permission in part, you cannot forbid in part, therefore, a person
attains inner peace by lack of view, by lack of restraint. with no
intuition with no morals with the absence of asceticism, I do not know.
It is the Dharma of the foolish indeed, that I am important, that is, I
know, I know, I stab all the time: this dharma The Dharma of the Fools
The Dharma of the Fools fairness of the delusional It is the Dharma of
the ignorant, the Dharma swaying and immortal. Therefore it is called
that I value your Dharma as the Dharma of the foolish indeed.
[345]
inevitably leads to purification by views, meaning that some ascetics
and brahmins That is excellence, excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, liberation, by view, namely, some ascetics and brahmins.
would be complete ...the cessation of the view that the world is
eternal, only this is true. nothing else Some ascetics and brahmins
reach purification, emancipation, with the view that the world is
impermanent, etc. There is no living being before death. would not be
again only this is true Other things are empty. Therefore, it is called
because of some brahmins. would reach purification with views. Because
of that Then the brahmin said, (Makandiya Brahman said) Heard that if
the wise do not speak of purity, even with a view, they do not speak of
purity even with suta. Not speaking of purity, even by wisdom, not
speaking of purity, even by virtue and teaching, one attains inner peace
with no viewpoint. with no suta, with no insight, without morality with
no asceticism I can\'t find it. I\'m important to your Dharma. It is
true for fools to be foolish, because some recluses and brahmins
inevitably leads to purification with views.
[346] (The Blessed One
said: Makandiya Brahmins) You live in ditthi. They kept asking. You have
reached the fascination of all the views that you hold, and you do not
see the slightest promise from this Dharma, therefore you only
experience delusion.
[347] Relying on Ditthi, relying on relevance,
asking about relevance Relying on attachment, asking for attachment,
relying on worry, asking for worry. The word Frequently asking, that is,
he asks often. Therefore, he relies on his views to ask frequently. The
Blessed One calls that brahmin by the name Makandiya, the word bhagava
is a respectful word, etc. This bhagava is the truth. decrees, therefore
the Blessed One said: See Makandiya Brahmin.
[348] The word has
reached the obsession of all the views that you hold, that is,
adherence, adherence, enthusiasm, believing in it. You are infatuated,
infatuated, infatuated with infatuation. to the enchantment He is the
one who sails into darkness with views, therefore it is said that he has
reached the obsession of all the views that you hold.
[349] The word,
and you do not see any promise from this Dharma, that you cannot. found
the right contract The contract has arrived A contract in the form of a
signal in action or a contract as from this dharma is from inner peace.
from practice or from a sermon But where will you gain insight, even for
this reason, therefore your name is, and you have not seen the slightest
promise from this Dhamma? some wisdom Some are suffering, some are
enlightened to all sufferings. Panchakhan is anatta. forgiving wisdom
some anatta Dharma says that the occurrence of a contract Dharma is a
vision of a promise, where do you get insight? Even for this reason,
therefore, he was named, and he did not see the slightest promise from
this dharma.
[350] The word Tasma in the word therefore he only
experiences delusion, meaning therefore because of that because of that
because of that factor Because of that tale, you experience, that is,
seeing, seeing, seeing, and contemplating, but the dharma of the
delusional is the dharma of fools. Dharma of a passionate person The
nature of people without knowledge The swaying dharma is immortal, hence
the name, therefore you only experience delusions. because of that The
Blessed One said, (The Blessed One said: Makandiya Brahmins) You live in
ditthi. They kept asking. You have reached the obsession of all the
views that you hold, and you do not see the slightest promise from this
Dharma, therefore you only experience delusions.
[351] Whoever cares
whether we are equal, we are better than him, or we are inferior. he
that person quarrels with that arrogance A person is not shaken because
of his arrogance in three things, the importance of whether we are equal
to him, whether we are better than him or that we are inferior to him.
It is not for that person.
[352] Whoever is important is whether I am
equal, I am better than him, or if we are inferior to him. That person
should quarrel with that selfishness. Whoever is important that We are
always good, he is good. We are better than him. We are worse than he is
good. that person would quarrel make a commitment to quarrel, to
quarrel, to quarrel with some pride with some view with that person that
he did not know this Dharma and Discipline We know this discipline How
do you know this discipline? You do wrong, we do right, our words are
useful. Your words are useless. Words that should be said before you say
later, words that should be said after you say first. His fluent words
were interrupted, and we have condemned him. you have been defeated by
us you go on a journey or amend the speech, if thou canst, hence the
name. Whoever is important, whether I am equal to him, I am better than
him or that I am inferior to him, that person should quarrel with that
arrogance. Three things of arrogance, the importance of whether we are
equal to him, we are better than him or we are inferior to him. There is
none for that person, that such arrogance is abandoned, cut off, calmed
down, prevented it from happening. Burned with fire, that is, wisdom,
that person is not shaken. Not leaning in because of arrogance in three
things, the importance of being equal, he is good. We are better than
him. We are worse than he is good. There will be none for the person who
does not Anxious. The word. The importance is not for that person, that
is, it is not for me. Therefore, a person is not shaken because of his
three arrogances, the importance of whether we are equal to him, I am
better than him, or we are inferior to him. There is none for that
person. Because of that The Blessed One said, Whoever cares whether I am
equal to him, that I am better than him, or that I am inferior to him,
that person should quarrel with that pride. A person is not shaken
because of his arrogance in three things, the importance of whether we
are equal to him, whether we are better than him or that we are inferior
to him. there is none for that person. what to say is true or other
person The name is a brahmin. With what arrogance to argue that such a
thing is false? The importance that he was always good The importance of
being better than him is good. The importance of being worse than he is
good is nonexistent in any Arahant Kina. The Arahant Khinasop What
arrogance should one respond to speech?
[355] The name is Brahman, in
the word Brahman. What should one say that is true, that a person is a
brahmin? Because the seven things, etc., have floated away, that person,
who is no longer dependent on desire and view, is steadfast, is called a
brahmin, therefore that person is a brahmin. Say what is true. What
should one say, say, tell, speak, show, declare, what is it that the
world is impermanent? Surely it can\'t be again. would not be again only
this is true Other things are vain. Therefore, a person who is a Brahman
is called. What should one say that is true? Controversy about what is
false with pride, that a brahmin should quarrel make a commitment to
quarrel, to quarrel, to quarrel with what pride with what view Or with
any person, our words are true. your words are false You do not know the
Dhamma, Discipline, etc. argue that it is false. What is
arrogance?
[357] The word importance is always good. The importance of
being better than him is good, the importance of being worse than he is
good. inevitably there is no arahat khinasa, meaning that the we are
always him prestige we are better than him inferiority I am not inferior
to him, that is, does not appear, does not enter into any arhat, that
is, the defilement of the Arahant Kina, abandoned, cut off, calmed,
settled, preventing it from happening. Burned with fire is wisdom,
therefore it is called the importance of being always good. The
importance of being better than him is good. The importance of being
worse than him is good. would not exist in any arahat khinasa. With what
arrogance should one respond to a speech? That an Arahant Khinasa should
respond, that is, to argue, to quarrel, to make a point. to quarrel, to
quarrel, to quarrel with what pride with what view or with what person
said You do not know this Dharma and Discipline, etc., in order to
liberate the speech. If you can, therefore, it is called Arahant
Khinasapa. What arrogance should one respond to speech? The Blessed One
said, a brahmin person what to say is true Or a person who is a brahmin
should argue with what self-righteousness that such a thing is false?
It\'s important that he\'s always good. The importance of being better
than him is good. The importance of being worse than he is good is
nonexistent in any Arahant Kina. The Arahant Khinasop What arrogance
should one respond to speech?
[359] One who has been mourned do not
travel to the address Muni do not commit sexual desires. empty from all
sensuality not aiming further do not make words competing with the
people.
[360] At that time, a householder named Halinthakani went to
see Phra Maha Kajjana to the address bowed down and sat at one side Then
he asked the Venerable Mahakaccana as follows: The Blessed One spoke
this proverb in the Makandiya problem that arises in the Eightfold
Paragraph: One who has mourned do not travel to the address Muni do not
commit sexual desires. empty from all sensuality not aiming further Do
not make words to compete with people as follows. The content of the
proverbs spoken by the Blessed One in brief How can it be seen in a
peculiar way? The Venerable Mahakaccana replied, \'Look, householder,
the element is the dwelling place of the soul, so the soul bound by the
lust of the element is called Travel to the place of mourning. See the
householder, feelings of \... Sankhara is the dwelling place of the
spirit. Well, the soul bound by the lust in the body is called a trip to
the place of mourning. How does a person not travel to the place of
mourning? The pleasure, the desire, the pleasure, the desire, the plot
and the clinging, which is the reason for the clinging and laying down
of the mind in the elemental form? satisfaction etc. which the Tathagata
has abandoned has a broken root Why is there a location like Tan Yot as
well to the absence later There is no further occurrence, therefore the
Tathagata is called Do not travel to the place of mourning. See the
householder, the satisfaction, the desire, the pleasure, the desire, the
deceit and the clinging, which is the cause for clinging and laying down
of the mind, in the feeling of the element \... in the contract of the
element \... in the body. ...in the Elemental Spirit satisfaction etc.
which the Tathagata has abandoned has a broken root cause it to not have
a location like Tan Yod Duan, so that it will not be there later There
is no further occurrence, therefore the Tathagata is called Does not
travel to the mourning place. See the householder. One who does not
travel to the place of mourning. Look at the householder. How does a
person travel to a place? See the householder. ties with The ability of
tourism to live in a place is the form of vision, sattanimit,
Khanthanimit, Rasanimit, Touchup, Nimit, Dharmnimit, which is called
tourism in an address. Address like this. Look at the householder. How
is a person who does not travel in a place of residence? The connection
with the ability of travel to live is a vision. which the Tathagata has
abandoned has a broken root Why is there a location like Tan Yod Duan?
to the absence later there is no happening Henceforth, the Tathagata is
called Do not travel to the address. Look at the householder. The
relationship with the ability of travel to live in the address is
Sattanimit ... Kanthanimit ... Rasnimit ... Taptappanimit. ...and Dharma
Nimit which the Tathagata has abandoned having a root that has been cut
off, so that there is no place like a palm tree to the absence later
There is no further occurrence, therefore the Tathagata is called He
does not travel to his place of residence. Address like this. Look at
the householder. How does a person develop sexual relations? See
householder. some monks in this discipline who are related to the lay
people, enjoying together, sorrowing together, when the lay people Even
happiness is also happy Even suffering is suffering. when the lay people
have a task that should be done He helped himself. A householder, a
bhikkhu, is the one who is afflicted in this sense of sensuality. Look,
householder. How is a person who does not have attachment in sensual
pleasures? See householder. A bhikkhu in this Dharma and Discipline is
not related to the lay people. not enjoying together don\'t mourn
together When the laymen reach happiness, they are not happy, and
neither is suffering nor suffering. when the lay people have a task that
should be done He did not help himself. A householder, a bhikkhu, is not
afflicted in this sense of sensuality. Look, householder. How is a
bhikkhu free from all sensual pleasures? Here, householder, some monks,
in this Dhamma and Discipline. He is free from desires, pleasures,
affections, hopes, passions, desires for all sensual pleasures,
householder, a bhikkhu who is free from all sensual pleasures. How is a
bhikkhu free from sensual pleasures? Here a bhikkhu is free from desire,
pleasure, affection, hope, passion, desire, in all sensual pleasures.
Well, how does a bhikkhu look forward to his next existence? Look,
householder, some monks, in this Dharma and Discipline. There is this
desire that in the future, let us have a form like this. in that form,
there is this desire, that in the future, let us have this kind of pity.
...May we have a promise like this ...May we have a body like this.
...May we have such a spirit. to the enjoyment of that soul,
householder, this is the bhikkhu who aims to continue his existence in
this way. Well, a monk is unwilling. What is the next status? See the
householder. monks in this discipline There is no such desire that in
the future, let us have a form like this. It\'s not up to the enjoyment
in that picture. There is no such desire that in the future, let us have
this kind of pity. ...May we have a promise like this. ...May we have a
body like this. ...May we have such a spirit. does not reach the
enjoyment of that spirit. The next status like this. Look at the
householder. Well, how does a monk make words to compete with other
people? Look, householder, some monks in this Dharma and Discipline He
was the one who made such a statement: You do not know this Dharma and
Discipline, etc., or correct it in order to remove the word. If you can
see the householder, the monk is the one who makes words against the
people. Like this. Look at the householder. How is a bhikkhu not a
person who makes words to compete with the people? Look, householder.
monks in this discipline He was not the one who made words like this:
You do not know this Dharma and Discipline, etc. You shall correct it in
order to remove the word. If you can see the householder, the monk is
not a person who makes words to compete with the people. Like this. Look
at the householder. What proverb did the Blessed One speak? In Makanthi,
the problem that arises in the Attha paragraph says that one who has
mourned do not travel to the address A Muni does not afflict in sensual
pleasures, free from all sensual pleasures. not aiming further do not
make words scramble with smash as follows. See the householder The
content of the proverbs spoken by the Blessed One in brief will be seen
by This kind of peculiarity. Because of that The Blessed One said, Each
person who mourned do not travel to the address A Muni does not afflict
in sensual pleasures, free from all sensual pleasures. not aiming
further do not make words compete with the people.
[361] A person named
Naga (Good Lord) Abandoned from these views, one should wander the
world, a person named Naga. Do not hold on to those views. The lotus has
a jagged stalk, but the lamp is water. Just as water and mud do not
become attached to it, a muni who speaks peace, does not become attached
to sensual pleasures and in the world. Thus.
[362] Which of these
words in the word is secluded from these views? One should travel in the
world, namely all views. The word \"sedentary\" means secluded, empty,
from corrupt bodies, corrupt speech, dishonest mentality, lust, etc. The
word \"to travel\" means to wander, to dwell, to change one\'s posture,
to conduct, to maintain, to heal. The word in the world is in the world
of mankind. Therefore, it is called secluded from these views. Take a
trip around the world.
[363] The word naga in the word person named
naga Don\'t hold on to those views, let them know and explain them as
follows: a person named as Nak for not doing evil because it does not
reach evil because it does not come to evil. The person is called a Naga
Because not doing any evil? born in a new world anxious There will be
suffering, suffering, life, old age and death. It is called evil.
(Really, as the Blessed One said: \"Dokrasbhiya) A person does not do
evil. little one in the world Passion salad is a binder. in all its
composition not involved in all dharmas is a fallen person The graduate
said that person who maintains that it is a naga Because he is upright.
A person is called a Naga. because he does not do evil like this. The
person is called a naga. Why not? The person is called a Naga. would not
reach my opinion not up to anger It doesn\'t reach lust, it doesn\'t get
it, it doesn\'t reach the ability of sensuality. Not with the power of
wrath, not with the power of delusion not with the ability of mana not
with the ability of view not with the ability of appeal not with the
ability of wisdom Not reaching the power of monuments, they do not go,
go, drift, and sail because of the dharmas that act as a group of
people. Because not like this. The person is called a Naga. because they
didn\'t come, how? which that person has abandoned by the Sotapattimaga
That person does not come, does not return, does not return to those
defilements, any defilements that one has abandoned. with sakatakami mak
...with the Anagram ...With the Arahatship, that person does not come,
does not return, does not return to those defilements. a person named as
Nak because it doesn\'t come like this. a person named Naga One should
not hold onto those views, that is, say, speak, show, declare that the
world is permanent, the world is not permanent, etc. The beings in front
of them are dead. It cannot be again, it cannot be again only this is
true Other things are empty. Therefore, a person named Naga should not
adhere to such views.
[364] The word lotus has a jagged stalk, which is
born of water. As water and mud do not get stuck, it means that water is
called Ela. water is called amphu The lotus flower is called the
amphucha, the rough stem is called the thorny stalk. water is called
water Water lilies that are born in water are called Warisha. Water is
called Chala. The mud is called pangka. Just as a lotus born of water,
is in water, which does not attach to water and mud, does not stick
together, does not stick, is what water and mud does not stick, does not
stick together, does not stick, therefore is called a lotus with a rough
stem born of water. Just as water and mud do not get caught in
it.
[365] The word Eve in the word muni who speaks of peace, who is not
attached to it. Thus, in the senses and in the world, thus it is a
metaphor and is also a metaphor. That person\'s name is Muni. The word
peace talker is Muni who speaks peace. say the dharma resistance speak
the doctrine to speak dharma to rely on preach the innocuous dharma
speak the dharma that does not move He speaks the Dharma that does not
die, speaks nirvana, hence the name Muni who speaks peace. ...So the
word unattached is craving. It is called attachment, i.e. lust, lust,
etc. Abhijha, lobha, and kusala-mullah. The attachment to any muni is
cut off, calmed, stopped, preventing it from happening. Burned with fire
is yana. Muni is called one who is not entangled, unattached. A muni is
not entangled, is not obsessed with sounds, smells, tastes, touches,
clans, abbots, fortunes, yot, praises, joys, robes, robes, senasanas,
ceremonies, pharmacological factors, kama-elements, forms-elements.
Elemental, kamma, non-formal, non-formal, unannounced, unannounced,
neve-na-san-na-vakar, e-kvokarnap, quadruple-panchavokarbap, past,
future, present, in the dharmas that are seen, heard, known, and
enlightened. entrusted\
without sacrificing, spitting, quitting, renounced, renounced,
liberated, renounced, renounced, one who is not hungry, quenched,
cooled, one who has a noble self, enjoying happiness; therefore he is
called a Muni who speaks. So calm, unattached ... by exclaiming that
there are two kinds of sensual pleasures in the world: sensual objects,
lustful objects, etc. This is called lustful objects, etc. This is
called defilements. The word in the world is In the world of
afflictions, the world of mankind, the world of devas, the world of
supremacy, the world of liberties, the world of selfishness. The name of
addiction is two kinds of attachments, namely, addiction to lust, this
is called attachment to lust, etc. This is called attachment to muni.
give up addicted to lust After giving up the clinging, he does not cling
to, does not cling to, does not cling to, that is, he is addicted to
desire and view, he is not attached, he is not attached to sensual
pleasures and in the world, etc., he is released, shaken off, liberated,
unrelated. He has a mind free from the realm of defilements, hence the
name Muni who speaks of peace. not a courteous person Do not get trapped
in eroticism and in the world. I am. Because of that The Blessed One
then said: a person named Naga calmed from any view One should travel in
the world, a person named Naga, do not hold on to such views. Just as
the lotus flower has a jagged stem, but the amphu is water, so that
water and mud do not get caught in it, a muni who speaks peace, who is
not attached to sensual pleasures and in the world. So I.
[366] Muni
who has reached that magic. would not go with a view Not to the
arrogance of emotions, knowing that the Muni is not lustful. Karma and
sounds that cannot be heard can be taken away, who are lusts and views
that are not brought into their dwellings. would not go with a view not
up to ego With the emotions that are known as follows: denial. Wisdom is
the contemplation of vipassana, sammaditthi is called Veda. The muni is
the culmination, the culmination, the culmination, the culmination, the
culmination, the culmination. to the end reach the end to the defense
achieve that protection to avoid attaining refuge to refuge attaining
refuge to safety achieve innocence Through those spells that do not
move, that do not move, that do not die, that do not die, that do not
die, reach nirvana, attain nirvana, aging and death by those spells. one
more thing A person is called one who has reached the Vedas because of
the likeness of the Vedas, because the because he is enlightened of the
seven things, namely Sakkaya Ditthi, Vichikiccha, Silabhotparamas, lust,
hatred, delusion, and mana; he is the enlightened of all unwholesome
qualities that are obscene. miserable to be born in a new world anxious
suffering is a national factor Old and dead of the existing brahmins He
is free from sensuality in all feelings. Having transcended all Vedas,
it is called Vedic. The word does not go with the view: Ditthi 62 An
muni is abandoned, cut off, calmed, settled, thus it should not arise.
burned with fire is the soul That muni does not go, does not go on, does
not move, does not drift, does not go back, does not return to that
view, therefore he is called a muni who has attained that meditation.
would not go with the view. It does not reach the arrogance of the
consciousness that is known, that the muni does not reach, does not
reach, does not reach, does not hold, does not cling to, does not cling
to arrogance. with known pictures by the voice of others or by the
assumption of the masses, hence the name Muni who has reached that Spell
It does not go with views, does not reach arrogance with known emotions.
The Muni is lustless, that is, the Muni is lustless, that is, is not
lustful. not a person with lust in the foreground with the ability of
lust With the power of view, desire, view, and mana is the state of
muni. root cut off Why is there a location like Tan Yod Duan? to the
absence later There is no further occurrence. for what reason Muni is
called the one who has no desire. Absolutely no passion There is no lust
in the foreground, therefore therefore the name Muni is lustless.

[368] The word karma \... no, in the word karma, and sound that cannot
be heard, means that muni does not go, no. It goes on, does not drift,
does not sail, with some wisdom some apocalypse hence, he is the one who
does not lead to karma. He is the one who leads the voice that cannot be
heard, that the Muni does not go, does not go, does not drift, does not
sail, purely by the voice heard. with the roar of others or by the
assumption of the masses, therefore it is called one who destroys karma
and sounds that cannot be heard.
[369] Named lead in the word lust and
view that does not lead into all dwellings, i.e. lead. There are two
things, namely, the introduction of lust, the introduction of lust, etc.
This is called the introduction of lust, etc. This is the name of the
introduction of the muni. lustful import relinquishing imports with a
view because he gave up the lead with desire; he gave up the lead with
the view. That Muni is called He is not enthralled by desire and view,
does not enter, does not enter, is not attracted to, does not succumb
to, goes forth, renounces, is liberated, is no longer involved in
dwellings. one whose mind is free from the realm of defilements;
therefore, he is called a lustful and Ditthi is not brought into the
dwellings. Because of that The Blessed One said, Muni who reached that
magic would not go with a view Not being arrogant with a known emotion,
Muni is lustless. that karma and sounds that cannot be heard can lead to
Desires and views do not lead into dwellings.
[370] Passion is a verse.
There is none for a muni who is freed from covenant, there is no one for
a muni who is freed by wisdom, those who hold a promise and their
skeptics clash with each other. would travel in the world.
[371] The
word passion is a verse. will not be for the Muni who has been freed
from promises, which means that a muni develops the Noble Path with
samatha as the beginning Defilement is a verse, a state of muni that has
been suppressed from the beginning. When that muni has reached an
Arahant, defilement is a poem, delusion, delusion, kamasa, vendetta,
lust and distrust. It is a condition which an Arahant has renounced. has
a broken root Do not make it a location like Tan Yod Duan to the absence
later There is no further occurrence as usual. Therefore, it is called
passion as a verse. will not be for the Muni who refrains from covenant.

[372] The word delusion does not exist for a muni who is freed by
wisdom; which muni develops, the Noble Path has insight as the
beginning, and moha is the state of this muni who has been dominated
from the beginning. When a muni has reached an Arahant, defilement,
defilement, neve, kamasya, vindictiveness, vindictiveness, divinity,
dhitthisanya, a state abandoned by the Arahant, whose roots have been
cut off, thus leaving no place like a palm tree. to the absence later
There is no further occurrence, therefore delusion does not exist for a
muni who is liberated by wisdom.
[373] \"Those who hold sceptical
views, those clinging to each other, wander through the world, meaning
those Whoever holds a promise, that is, a sensual contract, a vengeful
contract, a covenant, these people will quarrel with each other, that
is, encroach upon each other with the power of the contract, that is,
those who still hold the promise. even being a king would quarrel with
the kings Even a king quarrels with kings, even a brahmin quarrels with
brahmins. Even a householder would quarrel with the householder. Even
mothers quarrel with their children. Even a son quarrels with his
mother. Even the father quarrels with the son, the son quarrels with the
father. Even brothers and sisters get into quarrels with brothers and
sisters. Even sisters would quarrel. with sisters Even brothers and
sisters quarrel with sisters. Even sisters would quarrel. with brother
Even comrades quarrel with comrades. Those people quarrel with each
other. would injure each other with some palms with some clay with some
pieces of wood, with some sword, because of the quarrel. inevitably some
death To some suffering and death because of each other\'s harm There
are those who hold the view that the world is eternal, etc., or that an
animal in front of him who has died will not be again, will not be
again. Those people clash with each other, that is, encroach upon each
other. The ability of view, that is, will affect the teacher but the
teacher. would affect even telling Dharma but telling the Dharma would
affect each faculty It affects the view but the view it affects the
attitude would affect the path but the path. one more thing Those people
would quarrel, that is, to quarrel. make sure make a difference make a
quarrel maliciously saying You do not know this Dharma and Discipline,
etc., or amend it in order to remove the word. If you can. Those people
who can\'t abandon the Abhidhamma, then they will affect the idea, that
is, they will affect each other in hell. would affect even encroachment
together in the birth of the beast would injure and encroach upon each
other in the vision would affect persecuted in the human world would
affect and encroach upon each other in the world would affect
encroaching on ideology would affect even the encroachment, but the
misfortune would affect encroach upon fertilization but fertilize would
affect even the invasion of the world would affect pity, but pity would
affect even the encroachment of the cycle They clash with each other,
they travel, live, change their posture, conduct, maintain, and heal.
The word in the world is in the evil world, the human world, the gods,
the worlds, the worlds, and the worlds, therefore they are called those
who still hold their promises and their views. will travel in the world.
Therefore, the Blessed One said: Passion is a verse There is none for a
muni who is freed from covenant, there is no one for a muni who is freed
by wisdom, none of those who hold promise and view, they clash with each
other. will travel in the world as follows. Ask) What is the person\'s
opinion? What kind of precepts are there? He is at peace Lord Gotama,
you have been asked, tell that person. On the question of the Buddha\'s
vision
[375] What is your opinion in the word, what is a person\'s
opinion, and what is morality? one who has attained peace, how a person
is composed of opinions, that is, by existence in what way therefore, it
is called \"How to have an opinion.\" The word \"virtuous\" means what
kind of virtue a person possesses, that is, by existence. in what way
with the advantage, therefore, what is\
the name? What kind of precepts are there? An graduate said He has
attained peace, meaning that the sage has spoken, called, told, spoken,
expressed, and stated that he is at peace, has calmed, has ceased, has
ceased. What\'s your opinion? Asking about the precepts, how are the
precepts? He has attained peace, therefore it is called what is one\'s
view, and how does one have morals? who has attained peace. ...Please
speak to that person ... to me, meaning that the person who asks, asks
you to tell, asks you to speak, asks you to announce that Buddha\'s
vision. would call upon the Blessed One by Phra Khot that Lord Gotama,
the word that I ask you to speak, is to speak, to tell, to show, to
declare, to appoint, to appoint, to reveal, to classify, to shallow, to
proclaim, therefore it is called Lord Gotama. ...Please speak to that
person ... to me.
[377] The word asked, in the word asked ... which is
a noble man, means to be asked, to be asked. Please tell. Please show
me. Please proclaim. The word which is the supreme student means who is
the supreme student, the supreme being, the supreme chairman, the
supreme leader, therefore the name is the noble student. Buddha Nimit
then said: What is the opinion of a person? How do you have morals? The
sage said: He has attained peace, O Venerable Gotama. He has been asked,
tell me that person, a noble man. to me.
[378] (The Blessed One
replied:) Before the body was broken An Arahant is a person free from
craving, who does not rely on the first part, which no one can count on
the part, in the midst of what is done in the foreground does not belong
to that arhat. before the body breaks An arahant is free from lust,
meaning before the body is broken, that is, before the body is broken.
Before but abandoning the corpse, but without the life of the soil An
arahant is free from craving, that is, he is lost, renounced, vomited,
released, renounced; he is free of lust, renounced, renounced,
surrendered, renounced, quenched, quenched, cooled. One who enjoys
happiness lives as a Brahma. Another word, Bhagava, is a respectful
term. Another name is Bhagava, because of its meaning, that destroys
lust, destroys anger, destroys delusion, destroys mana, destroys view,
destroys thorns. Destroying passion. And because of the meaning He
distinguished and clarified the Dharma jewels. Because of the meaning
that He did the best of all worlds. Because of the meaning that have a
trained body There is morality cultivated, there is a trained mind, and
there is wisdom cultivated. The Blessed One savored a forest, grove,
dense forest, secluded, with a low voice, without a loud noise. without
people roaming around. It is a place where human secret karma should be
done. Therefore, the Blessed One has the share of robes, alms,
senasanas, and medicinal materials, therefore it is called the Bhagava.
In addition, the Blessed One has the share of the supernatural, the high
spirit, the wisdom, which has the virtue of Dharma. Therefore, the
Blessed One has the share of the four jhanas, the four appeases, the
four impermanence, hence the name Bhagavata. In addition, the Blessed
One has the share of the eight vimokkhas, the Abhidhamma. Tana 8 (Jhana
is the place of dominance of emotions) Anupupbhavihara samapati 9 (4
forms of jhana, 4 arupha jhana, 4 sanaveediya nirodha 1) hence it is
called the Bhagava. 10 Kasina sampatti, 10 anapanasati samadhana,
unsatisfied, unsatisfied, hence the name Bhagava. In addition, the
Blessed One has the 4 foundations of mindfulness, the 4 powers, the 4
powers, the 5 powers, the 5 Enlightenment, the 7 Noble Path, therefore
the Eightfold Path. The Blessed One has the share of the Tathagata, 10
Vesarajajaya, 4 Patience, 6 Apinya, 6 Buddha Dharma, hence the name of
the Bhagavata. Ya Tisa blood, ascetics and brahmins, devas do not honor
this name, Bhagava, is the name of liberation. (Names are in the
Arahants in order of the Arhat Path) is a law of truth. (The command
that arises because of the manifestation of Arahatship and all dharmas),
along with the attainment of enlightenment at the wheel of the Blessed
One\'s Bodhi Phruek. therefore all who have attained enlightenment are
called before the body breaks An Arahant is lustless.
[380] The past
tense, you called the preliminary part in the word one who did not rely
on the preliminary part. The arahant, preaching to the past, has
abandoned the desire, has abandoned the view, because having abandoned
the view, has abandoned the view, he is called a person who does not
depend on the first part. Even for this reason. An arahant does not
conform to pleasure in form, saying that in the past I had form like
this, not according to pleasure, that in the past I had feelings like
this ... had a promise like this ... had such a body. ... having such a
spirit is called one who does not rely on the elementary part even for
this reason. An arhat does not have a soul because of the lust in the
eye and form: In the past, I had such an eye, such as this form, because
he was without a soul because of the lust. therefore he does not enjoy
the eye and that form, when he does not enjoy the eye and that form, he
is called one who does not rely on the elementary part. Even thus, there
was no spirit because of the intellect and sound that in the past I had
ears like this: There was this noise ... In the past, we had this nose.
There was such a smell...In the past I had a tongue like this, such a
taste...In the past I had a body like this. having the following touches
...In the past, I had this mind have the following sentiments: because
he has no spirit because of that mind and nature therefore does not
rejoice and that dharma, when not rejoicing and that dharma is called a
person who does not rely on the elementary part. Even for this reason.
Arahants are not satisfied. disliked the laughter, the talks, the talks,
and the head-to-head with Matukam in the past and not being delighted by
laughter, negotiating, speaking, and playing with Matukam in the past,
he is called a person who does not rely on the elementary part even for
this reason. The word \"uncountable\" in the middle part means that the
Arahant, preaching to the present tense, has relinquished his view,
because he has relinquished his view, which no one can count as lustful,
irritable, passionate, bound, clinging to the turmoil. to disagreement
Reached by strength. An Arahant has given up on those Absankharas,
because the Absankharas have been abandoned, which no one can count by
the motto: Born in Hell, Born in the Beast Born as a human being, a
deity, a creature with a form. a shapeless animal a contracted animal is
an animal without a contract Or is it not a contract animal? There is no
covenant, there is no arhat, there is no cause, no cause, no na, which
is a sign of counting; therefore, it is called one who cannot be counted
in the middle. The word that the action in the foreground is not for the
Arahant, that is, the Arahant Khinassa. That is, doing two things in the
foreground: one doing one in the foreground with one desire, one doing
one in front of one view, etc. This is called an action. put it in the
foreground with lust, etc. This is called doing it in the foreground
with views. I have given up doing what I have done in the foreground
with my view, because I have abandoned my actions in front of my
desires. giving back the deeds in the foreground with a view therefore
do not act lust? The view in front of him travels, that is, there is no
desire as a triumphant flag. No passion is the top flag. no passion is
great There is no titthi as a triumphant flag. There is no view as the
top flag. no great views Not one who is lustful or perverted, wandering,
even for this reason, therefore it is called that the deeds in the
foreground do not belong to that Arahant. An Arahant does not conform to
pleasure in form: In the future we should have form like this, not
according to pleasure in the name of pleasure. ...has a spirit like this
Even for this reason, therefore, it is called that the deeds in the
foreground do not belong to that Arahant. An arahant does not set his
mind to obtain eyes and unresolved forms, saying that in the future we
should have such eyes, thus having such forms, because of not setting up
the mind. therefore do not enjoy the eye and that image when not
enjoying the eye and that figure The deeds in the foreground were not
for that Arahant. Even for this reason. mind for hearing and unseen
sounds, that in the future we should have ears as follows: There was
this noise ... In the future we should have a nose like this: with such
a smell \...in the future we should have a tongue like this, such a
taste\... Having the following touches ... In the future we should have
this mind There is this dharma because the mind is not set. therefore
did not enjoy the dharma When he did not enjoy that dharma, the act in
front of him did not go to that arhat. Even for this reason. An Arahant
does not set his mind to obtain a realm that has not yet been said. Are
we going to be gods? Being a deity, by virtue, by virtue, by penance, or
by this celibacy, by not setting his mind, he does not enjoy that life.
when not enjoying the world The deeds in the foreground were not for
that arhat even for this reason. The Blessed One said, (The Blessed One
said) before the body was broken An Arahant is free from craving, one
who does not rely on the primary, which no one can count in the middle.
What has been done in front of him does not belong to that arhat.

[383] That person, who does not get angry, does not startle, does not
boast, does not show annoyance, speaks with wisdom, is not distracted,
is calm in his speech, is a muni. Regarding the ten causes of anger

[384] The Blessed One said that the one who is not angry, in the word
one who is not angry, does not flinch, that is, anger should be said
first. is born with ten symptoms, namely anger He has done what is of no
benefit to us. Benefit to us 1 He will do what is not beneficial to us 1
He does what is not Beneficial to a loved one who is pleased with us 1
He is doing things that are not beneficial to The person who is beloved
in my favor will do what is unwelcome to the person who is pleased with
me; he has done what is beneficial to the person who is unloved to my
liking; he is doing what is Benefit to those who are unloved to our
hearts 1 He will conduct what is Benefit to the one who is unloved to
our hearts 1. Anger arises in a non-causal way. malice, malice,
resentment, resentment, resentment, resentment Always resentment,
hatred, universal hatred, always hatred, vengeance of mind, evil of
heart, anger, anger. Anger, hatred, detestable behavior, hatred,
vindictiveness, vengeful behavior vindictiveness, wrath, wrath in
return, savageness, cultivating evil words. This insanity of the mind is
called anger. Should know more anger, less anger. Anger is only making
the mind cloudy, but it doesn\'t even make your face frown. Anger is
only a frown. But it still doesn\'t make my chin shake. Anger was only
causing his chin to tremble. but not to shine Words are there sometimes.
Anger is only to let out the words. but still does not allow to look in
different directions There is. Sometimes Anger is only looking in
different directions. But still won\'t let you touch the logs and the
sword is there. Anger is just to grab a stick and a sword. But still do
not give the beams and the sword is there. Anger is only giving away a
rod and a sword. But still not giving the logs and the sword correct.
There is. Sometimes Anger is just the right stick and sword. but still
does not cause a small wound There is a big wound sometimes. Anger is
only a small wound. but still not broken bones There is. Sometimes Anger
is only broken bones. But still not allowing the big and small organs to
fall out. Anger is only letting the small and large organs loose. But it
doesn\'t let life die. Sometimes, anger is just the end of life. but
still not sacrificing his life completely anger to kill the other person
then kills himself, and then his anger becomes severe. to the possession
of a lot That anger, which one has abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevents it from happening. burned with fire is the soul
that person is called who is not angry. He is not angry because his
anger has been abandoned. because it defines the object of anger because
the cause of anger is eliminated, therefore, he is called one who does
not get angry.
[385] The term one does not flinch means that some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline are startled, terrified, terrified.
That bhikkhu is startled, terrified, terrified, afraid. to the shock
that we don\'t surname No group, no abbot, no wealth, no rank, no
praise, no happiness, no robes, no alms, no alms. did not kill the
pharmacological factor Not a person who nurses in the event of a fever
We will not become famous, monks in this discipline. He was not
startled, not terrified, not terrified. He does not startle, does not
panic, does not panic, does not fear, does not flinch. we don\'t surname
No group, no abbot, no wealth, no rank, no praise, no happiness, no
robes, no alms, no alms. did not kill the pharmacological factor Not a
person who nurses in the event of a fever I am not known, therefore he
is called one who does not get angry, one who does not flinch. As for
one who does not boast, does not show annoyance, that some monks in this
Dharma and Discipline are boastful and boastful. boast, boast that We
are complete with virtues, complete with rituals, with certain precepts
and observances. with some nations with some clans, with some being the
sons of the family even with some beauty arrived with some wealth with
some dominion Arrived with some job duties to be accompanied by the
source of liberal arts; to be accompanied by some academic standing
Arrived with some education arrived with some impartiality to be
accompanied by some object ordained from some high ranks ordained from a
large family ordained from a family with some wealth ordained from a
family with some great wealth be famous appear to have some rank than
those of laymen and monks He is the one who receives robes, alms, senas
and kilana factors. some pharmacist who remembers some sutras some
discipline Somewhat fair One who lives in the forest as a ritual, or as
a person who holds alms Some are robes as robes One who carries alms in
the order of the alleys, some as a person, who takes alms after the
rituals is a holder that does not sleep as an observant is the holder of
the seat that he How do you arrange it as a routine? is the first person
is a person who has a second meditation is a person who has a tertiary
meditation is a person who has received the Fourth Jhana is a person who
has a certain degree Some are the ones who have their own souls One who
preaches, refrains, refrains from, shakes off, quits, is not involved in
arrogance. One whose mind is free from the realm of defilements,
therefore is called one who does not boast. Concerning one who is free
from annoyance,
[387] is called nuisance, in the word nuisance, is
some nuisance. some foot nuisance Both hands and feet annoyance
importance of things that should not be important things that should not
be The importance of things that are not punishable The importance of
what is blameless, nuisance, irritating behavior annoyance mental
distress This kind of worry, this is called nuisance. On the other hand,
nuisance, mental distress, and worry arise for two reasons: because of
doing and non-action. Mental troubles and worries arise because of
actions and because of not doing. What to do? Mental distress and
anxiety arise that We only do corrupt bodies. We do not act honestly. We
only do corrupt words. We do not speak honestly. We only do corruption.
We don\'t do conscience, honestly, we do only panatipatism. We do not
deliberately abstain from panatipat. We only do tinnatan. We do not
deliberately abstain from Athinnathan. We only do scammers. We didn\'t
do it on purpose Refrain from sexual harassment We only do lies We do
not deliberately refrain from lies. We only do verbal pizzas. We do not
deliberately refrain from verbal abuse. We only do verbal abuse, we do
not deliberately abstain from verbal abuse. We only do touch fish. We do
not deliberately refrain from touching, we only do enlightenment. We
don\'t do anaphisha. We only do vengeance We don\'t do up ya baht. We
only do stupid things. We do not do right, nuisance, mental distress,
and anxiety arise because of doing and not doing this. On the other
hand, nuisance, mental affliction, and anxiety arise that we are not
doing perfection in the precepts. I am not a protector of the anal in
the organisms; I am immeasurable in food. We are the ones who are not
diligently engaged in perseverance. we are not contains consciousness We
do not develop the four foundations of mindfulness, 4 we do not develop
enlightenment, 4 we do not develop power, 4 we do not develop organic
matter 5, we do not develop physical strength, 5 we do not develop
enlightenment, 7 we do not develop the Noble Path. 8 We do not define
suffering. We did not abandon Samutai. We do not progress I have not
caused this nirvana, this annoyance, which a person has cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevented it from arising, has been burned with the fire of
wisdom. that person is called without annoyance, therefore he is called
one who does not boast, is not annoyed. Concerning wisdom is called
manta.
[388] The word one who speaks with wisdom is not distracted
means that wisdom is called manta, namely wisdom, universal knowledge,
etc., non-delusion, choice. fair Approval. He speaks with wisdom. Even
though he speaks a lot, speaks a lot, speaks a lot, speaks a lot, he
does not speak what is bad, talks badly, talks badly, talks badly, and
tells bad things. Therefore, he is called one who speaks with wisdom.
Distracted in the word he who does not. be distracted Why? unrest
swinging mind This displacement of the mind is called distraction. That
distraction, when a person is abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed,
prevents it from happening, is burned with the fire of insight. A person
is called a person who is not distracted and therefore is called a wise
speaker. It is not distracted by comprehension of speech
[389] The
word that one is restrained in speech is a muni means that a bhikkhu in
this Dharma and Discipline refrains from lying, speaks the truth,
maintains the truth, has a firm and reliable speech, does not distort
the world. Pisana speech abstaining from the verb heard from this side
don\'t tell over there to destroy this group or heard from over there
Don\'t tell these people to destroy the crowd as a companion of some
different people Encourage people who are in harmony with each other.
ready to be welcomed welcomed in unison person having fun in unison say
the words that make he is in unison in the following manner abstain from
verbal uttering blameless speech, a beautiful voice, a place of love.
descend to the heart is the word of the townspeople that the masses are
satisfied I like it. Let\'s touch the fish. Abstaining from sensibility,
speaking at the proper time, speaking the truth, speaking on the
meaning, speaking on the Dhamma, speaking on the discipline of speech,
speaking as evidence, having references, the most important, useful. At
the right time, one who speaks in four honest words, speaks speech
without blame, 4. Abstains, abstains, refrains, shakes off, is
completely voided, does not consist of 32 things, one who lives with a
mind free from the realm of defilement, speaks ten objects of appease.
Sultry katha, peaceful katha, salut katha, satittha katha, salaka katha,
samadhana katha, wisdom katha, liberty katha, satipattha katha, satuttha
katha, samatha katha, witthipakatha, indha Riyakatha, ponkatha,
bojjongkota, makkakatha, resultant, nirvana. The word muni means sane,
mona, etc., transgressing the Dhamma. Concerns and lusts are just like
the net. That person\'s name is a muni, that\'s why one is called a
muni. The Blessed One said, \'That person, who is not angry, does not
startle, does not boast, is not annoyed, speaks with wisdom, is not
distracted, is calm in speech, is a muni. does not grieve over the
things that have passed; he who sees solitude in all his senses and was
not brought in because of the view All. Concerning the person without
lust
[391] The word person who has no lust related in the future means
that lust is called lust related, i.e. lust, lust, lust, etc., Abhijha,
Lobha, Ukulele. That craving is related to which one is cut off, peace.
suppressed, preventing it from happening Even for this reason, he is
called one who has no desire for The future. One who does not conform to
pleasure in form, that in the future we should have such form, not
according to pleasure, that in the future we should have such feeling.
have a contract like this have a body like this have such a soul Even
for this reason, he is called one who has no desire for reaping. Another
concern in the future. One does not set up a mind to obtain an eye and a
form that has not yet been established. In the future, we should have
such an eye, thus having such form. therefore do not enjoy the eye and
that image When he does not enjoy the eye and that form, he is free from
lust for the future. Even for this reason A voice that hasn\'t yet said
that in the future we should have ears like this: There was this noise
... In the future we should have a nose like this: with such a smell
\...in the future we should have a tongue like this, such a taste\...
Having the following touches ... In the future we should have this mind
have the following sentiments: because of unconscious reason therefore
did not enjoy the dharma when not enjoying and dharma is one who has no
lust for the future, even for this reason. A person does not set his
mind in order to obtain a world that has not yet been said. We will be
any deity or deity, by virtue, by virtue, by penance, or by this
chastity. Because of not setting the mind, one does not enjoy that
realm, when not enjoying that realm. One who does not mourn for the
past, does not grieve over things that have changed. or when the object
is already warped not sorrowful, not sorrowful, not troubled, not
mournful, not sorrowful It is not the infatuation that our eyes, sota,
ghana, chihuahua, body have changed; our form, sound, smell, taste, our
palate have changed; our clan, group, abbot, fortune, rank, praise, and
happiness have changed; our robes, alms, senas, ceremonies, our
apothecaries have changed. Then our mothers, fathers, brothers,
brothers, sisters, sisters, sons, fathers, friends, kinsmen, kinsmen,
and relatives have changed, and therefore do not grieve over the past.
Concerning the senses
[393] named touches in the word
\"sight-sightedness\" in all senses, namely eye-contact, ear-contact,
ghana-contact, chihua-contact, body-contact, mind-contact,
supreme-touch-contact, touch-touch-contact, which is beneficial to
pleasure-feeling. A touch of support to all suffering a touch that is
favorable to evil touch that is unkind touch touch as a roaming kama
tactile sensation touch, which is the shape of the circle the senses
that are unseen Animita touch The contact is an apocalyptic the sense of
the world the touch of the world touch of the past touch is the future
The present contact, the contact, the rightness, the right action, the
being of the right to see, this is called the contact. It\'s a snack
from one\'s self. Some of the self-directed dharmas, some of the
timeliness, some of the sustainability. from being noon From the Dhamma
that does not change some. Seeing, seeing, seeing, seeing, seeing. see
and touch see body touch Seeing the mind-touching, seeing the expiration
until the touch, seeing the adha-touching Seeing the touch that is
beneficial to happiness and suffering seeing touch that favors
suffering, feeling, seeing touch that favors suffering see the touch of
charity see the touch as unwholesome, see the touch as the bad see the
touch as a roam see the touch of a circle see the spiky touch Seeing the
senses that are vanity see the animita contact, see the animita contact
see the sense of the world saw the touch of the world as a snack from
some personality from the dharma that is due to oneself from noon Some
from sustainability, some from being noon. from the dharma that does not
change some. A person sees the touch of the past saying It is a snack
from the touch. The future and the present touch. Seeing the touch as
the future It is a snack from the touch. Past and present senses. It is
a snack from the past touch. and the touches which are the future. On
the other hand, any contact, which is noble, without taints, is secular,
unfaithful, sunyata-contact, one sees those touches as: It is a snack of
lust, wrath, hatred, anger, anger, disdain, equality, envy, stinginess,
boastfulness, harshness, good rivalry, pride, contempt, drunkenness,
negligence, all defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness all
the fervor All suffering, akusalabhi, all sankharas, therefore it is
called one who sees solitude in all senses.
[394] The word is not taken
because of views, that 62 view of a person is abandoned, severed,
settled, prevented from arising. climb Burned with the fire is wisdom. A
person who is obstinate does not lead, does not go away, does not drift
away, does not move, and he does not return, does not return to that
view by the essence. All views because of that The Blessed One said, A
person who has no passion for the future does not grieve over the past;
he who sees solitude in all his senses and was not taken because of the
view
[395] A person is escaping, does not deceive, is not ambitious,
is not stingy, is not arrogant, is not offensive and does not engage in
slanderous speech. A person is escaping, not deceitful, that because he
has abandoned all lust, hatred, hatred, anger, and anger, etc., he is
called escaping. look at the monks a monk How to avoid it? Look, monks.
monks in this discipline one who has given up on himself as I have a
broken root Why is there a location like Tan Yod Duan? to the absence
later there is no birth up normally look at the monks Bhikkhus are the
ones who avoid this. therefore. There are three kinds of deceit in the
word non-deceit, namely, deceit is said by stealth, 1, deceit is spoken
with gestures, and 1, deceit is spoken by side-by-side speech. 1. What
is the matter of deceit by utilizing factors? The householders of this
world He invites a monk with robes, alms, senas, and ceremonial factors.
That monk has obscene desires that dominate. There is a need for robes,
alms, senas, and kilanna pharmacological factors. relying on being very
covetous would say to return the robe, alms round, sena, kilan,
medicine, medicine. She would say like this: What benefit to a monk with
a robe is so valuable? A recluse should go and pick up old clothes from
a cemetery, a pile of scarves, or a market shop and make a sangha to
use. That is appropriate. What is the benefit to the monk with valuable
alms? Priest should succeed live by the lumps of rice obtained with the
raisins by light behavior That is appropriate. What benefit to the
recluse with Senasana is so valuable? The monk should be at the base of
the tree. in the cemetery or in the public place, that is appropriate.
What benefit to the monks with the medicinal factor kilan is so
valuable? Priests should always make medicines with rotten mites or
crumbs. That is appropriate. She relied on her desire to gain so much
that she wore a sorrowful robe. I am a sad alms The gloomy brothel And I
killed the sorrowful apothecary factor. The householders saw that monk.
Knowing this, this recluse has little desire. A person who is secluded,
secluded, not mingled with a group, arouses perseverance, has a speech
to eliminate defilements. The more she invites her with robes, alms,
senasana, and khilan factors of medicine. Her Highness said this:
Because concurrently with three reasons, a believing child will
experience great merit, namely because of confluence with faith The
believing son has a lot of merit. Because, concurrently with Thai
Dharma, a faithful child will experience great merit. Because
concurrently with the virtuous monks, clansmen, those who have faith
will experience great merit. You have this faith. There is this Thai
Dharma The whole ego is the sixth vice. If I will not accept You will
always be deprived of merit. I have no need for this factor, but I will
accept it with your kindness. since then She also received a lot of
robes. Received a lot of alms, received a lot of sanas, received a lot
of medicinal necessities, a crumpled face The crumpled face, the deceit,
the deceitful behavior Being deceitful, you see it like this, this is
called deceit, said by deceitful use of factors. What about deceit with
gestures? Some bhikkhus in this Dharma and Discipline have obscene
desires that dominate. wishing to be praised, thinking that the
community will praise us with such a ploy So he sits down, sits down,
sits down, sleeps, walks, sits, sits, sleeps, acts like a bhikkhu walks
in meditation. act like a bhikkhu sits in meditation act like a monk is
meditating and act like a monk who is prospering in the presence of
human beings, concentrating, establishing posture crumpled face crumpled
face, deceit, deceitful behavior Being deceitful, seeing it like this,
this is called deceitful speech. How is it that deceit is spoken by
simultaneous speech? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline lustful of
desire wishing to be glorified, thinking that the congregation would
glorify us with such a ploy So he spoke based on the noble dharma,
saying, \'What monk wears a robe like this? The monks are very
honorable. Any monk who made an alms bowl like this The monks are very
honorable. Any monk in the shape of a metal vessel, a Dharmakok, a cloth
for filtering water, holds a key, wears shoes, uses a lumbar support,
uses a string of alms bowls in this way. The recluse was very honorable,
saying, \'What monk has such a precept? have a teacher like this There
are those who join this preceptor. There are fellow teachers like this.
friendly like this There are people like this, there are people who are
in a relationship like this. have a friend like this The monks are very
honorable. Any monk in such a single-roofed house is in such a castle.
in a house with a bald roof like this in a cave like this in this secret
place, in such a secret place in a canopy like this in this fort In a
roundhouse like this, in a house like this in the meeting hall like this
in this dungeon at the base of the tree like this The monk is very
dignified. A monk is an indifferent person. crumpled, deceitful,
deceitful, deceitful, which others praise with their stance that This
monk got a sanctuary which exists like this That monk would say such
words. which is reconciled with the crumpled face, the crumpled face,
the deceit, the deceitful behavior Being deceitful, seeing it like this,
is also called deception. Concerning these three deceptions, which a
person is cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevented, should arise, is
burned with the fire of wisdom. that person is called He who does not
deceive is therefore called the one who does not deceive.
[398] Lust is
called The ambition in the word that is not ambitious, is not stingy,
i.e. lust, lust, etc. Abhijha, lobha, akusalamul. That ambition, which
one has neglected, is cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from
happening. burned with fire is the soul that person is called The one
who is not ambitious, does not want, does not enjoy, does not desire,
does not like form, sound, smell, taste, palate, clan, abbot, fortune,
rank, praise, happiness, robes, alms, sena, kilan, pharmacological
factors, kamma-elements, material-elements, non-formal-elements,
erotica, form, immaterial, sensibility, unconsciousness, ne. Sanya
Sanyapop, Ekvokanpop, Chatuvokanpop, Panchavokanpop, past, future,
present, forms seen, sounds heard. known mood and the enlightened
dharma; therefore, it is called one who is not ambitious. Concerning the
five stinginess, the word stingless means the five stinginess, namely,
stinginess in residence, stinginess in the family, stinginess in lust, 1
stinginess in the caste, stinginess. dharma stinginess dharma stinginess
stingy behavior stinginess Desires, tenacity, depressive mood in giving
someone\'s mind It is unreliable to see like this. This is called
stinginess. stinginess is good Elemental stinginess is fine. This
stinginess is called stinginess, stinginess is called stinginess.
Stingy, that stinginess, which one has abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevents it from happening. Burned with fire is wisdom. That
person is called The one who is not stingy. Therefore, he is called one
who is not ambitious, is not stingy. Regarding the three kinds of rage

[399] is called rage. In the word non-greedy, he is not offensive.
These are the three types of rage: physical rage, verbal rage. 1 Mental
rage 1. What is the fervor of the body? Some monks in this Dhamma and
Discipline It\'s good to be in the monks. It\'s good to be in the
faculty. It\'s good to be in my school. It\'s good to be in the firebox.
It\'s good to be at the pier. Going into the neighborhood How does a
bhikkhu in the Sangha show his bodily rage? Some monks in this Dharma
and Discipline are in the Sangha, without fear. standing and pushing
some elder monks sit and squeeze some elder monks stand in front sit in
front Sit on a high asana He sat over his head, stood stiff (not
stooped), spoke some, raised his arms and spoke. How does a bhikkhu in
the Sangha show his bodily rage? How does a bhikkhu in the community
show his bodily rage? When the Thera monks were walking without shoes
put on shoes and walk When the Thera monks walk in the low state walk in
the high court When the Thera monks walk on earth He walked in a
sanctuary, stood and squeezed, and sat and squeezed. stand in front sit
in front Sit on a high asana sit over his head stand firm and speak
Shaking his arms and talking, monks in this community show bodily rage.
How do monks in the school show bodily rage? Some monks in this Dharma
and Discipline are in the community, do not fear. sit and interfere with
some monks who are elders sitting sidelined asana Some of the monks who
were navaka, some stood pressed, some sat pressed. stand in front Some
sit in front of them, sit on high asanas. sit over his head stand firm
and speak waving his arms to speak A monk is in my factory showing
bodily rage in this way. How does a monk in a firelight show his bodily
rage? Some monks in this Dhamma and Discipline are in the fire, not
showing their reverence. standing and pushing some elder monks Some sit
and squeeze the elder monks, some stand in front of them. sit in front
Sit on some high asanas. Don\'t tell me first and put some firewood. No,
tell me first and then close the door. A monk in a firehouse shows his
bodily rage. How does a bhikkhu at a river show his bodily rage? Some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline are at a waterfront, not showing
their reverence. get down and squeeze some elder monks Some down in
front, some squeeze, some shower in front, some shower over the water.
squeeze some up ahead Ascending above the water, a bhikkhu at the ghat
shows his bodily fervor. How are the monks entering the neighborhood to
show their bodily fervor? Some of the monks in this Dharma and
Discipline are entering the neighborhood. do not respect Walking past
the elder monks, some walking forward, walking up to the elder monks.
The monks were entering the neighborhood to show How does a bhikkhu
enter the neighborhood and show his bodily rage? Some monks in this
Dharma-discipline have entered the neighborhood. when he doesn\'t say Go
in, Lord, when he does not say, stand, Lord, when he does not say Sit,
my lord, sit down Standing in the place where the opportunity shouldn\'t
be. Sit in an unlikely opportunity, hurriedly into the clan\'s secret
chamber. which is the seat of the woman of the family, the daughter of
the family, the daughter-in-law of the family, the kumari of the family
hold the child\'s head A monk enters the neighborhood and shows his
fervor. This bodily, this is called bodily rage. What is verbal rage?
Some monks in this Dhamma and Discipline It\'s good to be in the monks.
It\'s good to be in the faculty. It\'s good to enter the neighborhood.
How does a bhikkhu in the Sangha express his anger through speech? Some
monks in this Dhamma and Discipline are in the Sangha, not revering. Do
not tell the monks who are Thera first. Or, which the monks who are not
invited by the Elders, teach the Dhamma to the monks in the monastery,
solve the problems themselves, recite the Patimokkha by themselves,
stand firm, speak, raise their arms and speak. How do monks in the
Sangha show their anger in the Sangha? How does the bhikkhus in the
Sangha show their verbal anger? did not tell the monks who were Thera
before Or which the elders, who were not invited, would preach the
Dharma to the monks in the monastery, resolve their problems, stand firm
and speak, raise their arms and speak, and some preach the Dharma to the
nuns in the monastery. preaching the dharma to all the devotees in the
monastery He preached the Dharma to the upasikas in the monastery,
solved their problems, stood firm and spoke, raised his arms and spoke,
and some monks in the group showed verbal agitation in this way. This
Dharma and Discipline has entered the neighborhood. Speak to women, some
Kumaris, and say, \'Look, women have such a name. There is such a
descent What things are there? Is there a yakumi, is there food, is
there something that should be chewed? What shall we drink? What shall
we eat? What shall we chew? What shall we have? or what will ye give us?
monks enter\
In the neighborhood and verbal rage in this way, this is called verbal
rage. What is mental rage? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline not
being a monk from a high family He has the same mind as a monk who is
ordained from a large family. Not a person who is ordained from a very
wealthy family. The family has great wealth. had a mind to put himself
like a monk who was ordained from a family with great wealth not the one
who memorizes the sutra has a mind to rest himself like a monk who
memorizes the sutras not a disciplinarian \...not a Dharma \...not a
person who lives in the forest \...not a person who holds the alms round
\...not a person who wears a requiem as a requiem ...not the one who
holds the tri-robe as a relic ...not a traveler Alms to go in the order
of the alley as a ritual ...not the one who holds the food after the
observance ...not a person do not sleep as an observance ...not the one
who holds the seat that he arranges as an observance \...not the one who
received the first meditation, etc., not the one who initiated the
contract have a mind like a monk who has contracted the contract Mental
rage. These three kinds of rage, which one has abandoned, cut off,
calmed, suppressed, prevents it from happening. Burned with the fire is
wisdom. That person is called a person who is not vehement. Therefore,
he is called a person who is not angry.
[400] The word undesirable
means there is a person who is loathsome. homeless There is also
disgust. Why is there a person who is disgusted? Some people in this
world are immoral, sinful, and have unclean behavior that should be
remembered with suspicion. having concealed work, not a recluse, vows to
be a recluse not a virtuous person vowed to be a virtuous person one who
is rotten within, whose mind is saturated with sensuality. as if rough
This person is called a person who is disgusted. angry person have a lot
of resentment Being scolded by someone in the slightest, he becomes
displeased, angry, malicious, malice, causing anger, resentment, and
displeasure to appear. This person is called a person who is disgusted.
A person is angry, bound to anger, defamatory, equalizer, jealous,
stingy, boastful, arrogant, stubborn, arrogant, has lewd desires.
misconstrued have their own views stubborn have a hard time giving up
This person is called Who is disgusted? Why is a person who is not
disgusted? In this Dharma and Discipline He is also a person who has the
precepts. Patimok Sangwon Arrived with Ajara and Orbit Seeing the
dangers in the few penalties, meditating, studying in the precepts This
person is called one who is not offensive. A person is not often angry.
He does not have much resentment, even what many people say, does not
offend, does not offend, does not malice, does not malice, does not make
his anger, resentment, and displeasure appear. This person is called one
who is not offensive. A person who does not hold anger, does not bind to
anger, does not slander, does not slander, does not envy, is not stingy,
does not boast, is not arrogant, is not arrogant, has no lewd desires,
does not see wrongly, does not take his views. no stubbornness easy to
give up This person is called homeless Disgusted. All the noble people,
including the layman, are called undesirable. Therefore, they are called
slanderers, and they are not loathsome. Regarding the slanderer,
[401]
is called slanderous speech, and does not engage in being a person.
slanderous speech, be aware of the following explanations: Some people
in this world who has a slanderous speech, that is, listen from this
side then go and tell over there to destroy this group Or listen from
the other side and tell this side to destroy the people. Supporting
people who are different I like people who are cliques, happy people who
are cliques. enjoy those who are cliques He is the one who speaks words
that make a clique. This is called being a slanderer. A person
introduces slanderous words for two reasons: one with the intention of
being endearing and one with the intention of separating them from one
another. How does a person introduce slander with the intent of being
endearing? enters with the aim of being endearing like this: We shall be
endearing, agreeable, intimate, inwardly, pleasing to this person. A
slanderous word enters with such a loving purpose. have a sense of
wishing them to be divided like this: These people should be different,
divided, divided into factions, into two factions, two factions, two
factions, how should these people be different? discord One should live
in trouble and not enjoyment. A person, who wishes that they are
divided, brings in such a slanderous word. This slander, whoever is
abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from happening, is
burned by the fire of insight, that person does not form. Not fully
assembled Not assembled Not assembled Ready in being a person with
slanderous speech, therefore, is named and does not engage in speech
Sneaky. Because of that. The Blessed One said, A person is escaping,
does not deceive, is not ambitious, is not stingy, is not arrogant, is
not offensive. and does not engage in being a verbal person
Sneaky.
[402] A person who does not delight in material things is
delighted. Not associated with arrogance, meticulous, insightful,
unbelieving, and unrelenting.
[403] The five qualities of sensual
pleasures are called objects that are pleasing. It is welcomed because
Gods and humans crave, delight, desire, love, delight most of the five
sense pleasures; therefore, the five qualities of sensual pleasures are
called objects of pleasure; delight is that desire, which cannot be
abandoned by those who have form of lust. flow, flow, flow in the eye
There is the flow of passion, it flows, it goes towards the ears, it
flows, it flows, it goes towards the nose. The taste of lust flows,
flows, flows towards the tongue. There are tangible passions, flowing,
flowing, going through the body, having the Dharma of craving flowing,
flowing, going towards the mind. Delight is that desire, which is
abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevented it from arising,
burned down by the fire is insight. There are no forms of lust that
flow, flow, flow toward the eye, there is no flow of passion, flow
toward the ears, without the wand of passion, flowing, going toward the
nose, no flow of craving, toward the tongue. There is no voluptuous
passion, flowing, going through the body, without the dharma of lust
that flows, flows, and goes on the mind, therefore, one who does not
delight in material things is delighted. What is disrespect? some people
in this world They despise others by birth, by clan, etc., by any object
or by any object. arrogance bearer The rise, the rise, the arrogance
that the flag of victory, the self-exaltation, the lust that the flag
sees like this, this is called blasphemy. That blasphemy, which is
abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from happening.
Burned with fire is wisdom, that person is not assembled, not assembled,
not assembled, not assembled. in blasphemy therefore it is called not in
blasphemy Because it consists of physical kamma, speech, mental kamma,
satipatthana, samappana, power, organic matter, strength, bojjhanga, the
Noble Eightfold Path has the noble eightfold path, therefore it is
called a person who possesses three types of intelligence. A person is
enlightened by enlightenment One person is enlightened by enlightenment
One person is enlightened by enlightenment 1. Why does a person have
enlightenment because of pariyatia? Some people in this religion study
the Buddha\'s words, namely Sutta, Kayya, Vayakarana, Katha, Udana,
Itivuttaka, Jataka, Upbhuta Dhamma, Vedalla. that It becomes clear by
virtue of the practice. This person is called impartial Pariyat. Why is
it that a person is enlightened because of enlightenment? Some people in
this religion be the inquirer in their benefit In the benefits that
should be known, in the nature, in the cause, status and status of a
person, that person\'s intellect becomes clear through inquiry. This
person is called Who is enlightened because of ignorance. Why is a
person enlightened because of highness? Some people in this religion One
who has attained all the dharmas, namely the four foundations of
mindfulness, the 4 right knowledge, the 4 powers, the 5 strengths, the 5
powers, the 7 noble paths, the 8 noble paths, the 4 supreme results, the
4 ignorance, the 6, one who knows the meaning, the Dharma, the Niruti.
know the meaning Attitude becomes clear. Dharma becomes clear. When I
know Niruti Niruti is clear. Wisdom in meaning. These three dharmas and
niruti are called enlightenment. Whoever attains, attains, enters,
enters, enters, enters, completes, attains, attained by this insight,
that person is called enlightened. Whoever has no enlightenment, has no
enlightenment, has no enlightenment. It will become clear to that
person. Therefore, it is called prudent, savvy. Concerning the knowledge
of the Dharma, one does not have to believe any more.
[407] The word
\"does not believe in anyone\" means that a bhikkhu does not believe.
Self-awareness which is self-evident to others, who are ascetics,
brahmins, devas, Mara, or Brahmas; which manifested to himself that All
things are impermanent. ...All sankharas are suffering. ...All dharmas
are selfless. \...because ignorance is a factor, sankhara is the cause,
etc.; because birth is a factor, there is old age and death \... because
ignorance is extinguished, sankhara is extinguished, etc.; because birth
is cessation, old age is extinguished \...this is suffering, etc. This
is the practice leading to the cessation of suffering. These taints,
etc., this practice leads to the cessation of the taints. ...these
dharmas should be fully known, etc. These dharmas should be made known
to anyone who is a monk, brahmin, deva, Mara, or Brahma, and does not
believe in one\'s self-aware dharmas, namely birth, cessation,
punishment, deception. go of the six senses of contact, and the birth,
the cessation, the blame, the deviating scheme, the five aggregates of
clinging, and the cessation, the virtue, the delusion, the deviating of
the great spirits, the four forms, to any other recluse, brahmin, deva,
Mara, or Brahma and do not believe in the Dharma self-aware which
manifested to himself that Something happens naturally. all that has
Extinction is natural to anyone else who is a monk, brahmin, deva, Mara,
or Brahma. Indeed, as the Blessed One said: \"Sariputra, do you believe
that, Sariputra, Wiriyindra, Stinthia, Samadhi? Ree Panyinsee, which a
person has developed and made a lot of, is a nature that descends to
immortality. with immortality in the foreground The most immortal.
Venerable Sariputra said: Venerable Sir, in this verse, I do not believe
in the Blessed One that Santhinsee, Viriyinthree, Stinthree, Samadhi,
Panyindra, that one has developed. Made a lot of it, it\'s natural to go
down to immortality. with immortality in the foreground There is
immortality as the most. Those peoples who do not know, do not see, do
not know, do not understand, are not right, by their wisdom, those
people should be convinced of their belief in other peoples in that
regard, that faith, etc., wisdom that a developed person makes. very
much, as a person who has descended into immortality With immortality in
the fore, with immortality as the supremacy. Venerable Sir, as for those
peoples who know, see, know, make it right through wisdom, those people
have no doubt about that matter, that the Trustee ... Panyinthara Rei
\... that a person has developed, has done a lot, is a person who has
descended to immortality, with immortality as the front. There is
immortality as the most. Sodhinathane. With wisdom I know, see, know,
make it right. I do not have any doubts about it, that Satintree ...
wisdom, which a person has developed and made a lot of, is a virtue that
descends to immortality, having immortality in the foreground. With
immortality, the Blessed One said: \"O Sariputta, neglected, Sariputra,
the truth, believable, and so on, those who do not know, do not see, do
not know, do not know, are not correct, by those intellectuals should
Concerning the beliefs of other people in that verse that the Trust,
etc., the wisdom that a developed person has made a lot as a person who
has descended into immortality with immortality in the foreground The
most immortal. When this proverb was finished speaking therefore spoke a
spell He went on to write that any person who is a disbeliever, knows
that nirvana cannot be achieved by any factor, has cut off the
connection, has eliminated opportunity, has given up hope, that person
is called the supreme man. As follows. Concerning the unrelenting, the
word unrelenting means that all ordinary people lust for the seven types
of sekhas, including the ladies-in-law. will relax Arahants do not want
An arahant is called one who abstains from lust, without lust, without
lust, without hatred, without hatred, without delusion. end of virginity
There is a well-behaved conduct, etc., there is no new world, therefore
it is called no one\'s name, it does not loose its desire. The Blessed
One said that a person who does not delight in material things is
delighted. Not engaging in blasphemy, meticulous, insightful, not
believing in anyone, and unrelenting.
[408] A person does not study.
because he wants to gain good fortune, is not angry because he does not
get wealth; he is not angry and does not like taste because of craving.
Concerning study because of gaining wealth
[409] One should know the
judgment in the word Do not study because you want to gain good fortune.
Do not get angry because of not gaining, as follows: How does a person
study because of gaining? Well, monks, in this Dharma and Discipline,
you see a bhikkhu who has received a robe, alms, alms, and medicines.
Why do you have this thought? So this person got the robe, the alms
round, the senasana, and the cultivator. Pharmacist. She has this idea
that For what reason? This person remembers the sutra. Therefore, this
person has a robe, alms round, senasana, and medicinal necessities. She
hopes to get good fortune, so she learns the Sutra because of her
fortune. because of the factor of fortune because of the deed of wealth,
because of the arising of wealth. Even this one. A bhikkhu saw a monk
who had received a robe, alms, senasana, and ceremonial supplies. She
thought this way: For what reason? This person has robes, alms, senas,
and kilan. She has this idea: This person remembers the Discipline, etc.
This person is the one who remembers the Abhidhamma. Therefore, this
person has the robe, the alms round, the Senasana and the Kilan, the
medicinal materials. She hopes to gain wealth and study the Abhidhamma.
because of fortune because of the factor of good fortune, because of the
cause of wealth And because of the emergence of wealth, a monk learns
because of desire and gain even this way. The bhikkhu sees a monk who
has received a robe, alms, senasana, and medicinal necessities. Her
Highness had this idea that For what reason? This person has a robe,
alms, senasana, and kilan. She has this idea: This person is the one who
holds the ritual of living in the forest, taking alms round as a ritual.
holding a requiem as a observance taking the three robes as a ritual,
taking alms in the order of the alley I don\'t hold a meal after the
observance holding the sitting as a observance, and holding the sitting
in the cenasana which he arranges as an observance. Therefore, this
person has the robe, the alms round, the sena and the ceremonial
necessities, she hopes to gain good fortune, is the bearer of the forest
dwelling observance, etc. action in the sanasana that he arranges as
observances because of fortune because of the factors of wealth and
because of the occurrence of wealth. A monk studies because of the
desire for wealth Even in this way, how does a monk not study because he
wants to gain wealth? do not study because of the fate of good fortune
do not study because of the occurrence of good fortune do not expect
fortune would learn the sutra would learn the discipline One learns the
Abhidhamma for the benefit of training oneself, for peace of mind, so
that one may attain nirvana. Only one. A monk does not study because he
wants to gain wealth, even like this. A monk does not study because of
wealth. Do not study because of the factors of wealth, do not study
because of the cause of wealth do not study because of the occurrence of
good fortune do not expect fortune surely be the bearer living in the
forest hold the alms round as a ritual holding a requiem as a requiem
holding the three robes as a ritual to hold the seat after the
observance; to hold the sitting as the observance; to hold the seat in
the seat as the observance; By relying only on this lack of desire,
solitude, purification of defilements, seclusion, being a person who has
a need for merit alone, this is what a monk does not study because of
gaining. not gaining a fortune
[410] Be aware of the judgment in the
word Not being angry because of not gaining: How does one get angry
because of not gaining? Some monks in this Dhamma and Discipline are
still angry, resentful, resentful, causing anger, resentment, and
displeasure to appear. We don\'t get family, don\'t clan, don\'t abbot,
don\'t gain, don\'t gain, don\'t rank, don\'t praise, don\'t be happy,
don\'t get robes, don\'t receive alms. not sana did not kill the
pharmacological factor not a person We are not famous people. A person
gets angry because he does not get such a gain. How does one not get
angry because of not gaining? In this Dharma and Discipline, a bhikkhu
does not get angry, does not offend, does not resent, does not invoke
anger, resentment, and displeasure, it appears that I do not have the
family. No faculty, no abbot, no wealth, no rank, no praise, no robes,
no alms, no alms. did not kill the pharmacological factor I am not a
person who is not famous. A person does not get angry because he does
not gain such a fortune. Therefore, he is called a person who does not
study because he wants to gain wealth. not angry because they did not
gain wealth. Concerning wrath
[411] the word wrath in the word \"one
who is not wrathful\" and are not enamored with the tastes of lust,
namely: malice, malice, resentment, resentment, universal resentment,
always resentment, hatred, universal hatred, always hatred, vengeance of
the mind. heart attack, anger, anger Anger, hatred, detestable behavior,
hatred, vindictiveness, vengeful behavior vindictiveness, wrath,
resentment, mayhem evil speech This displeasure of the mind is called
wrath. That wrath, which is torn off, calmed, settled, prevents it from
arising. Burned by the fire, that person is called lust. Names of
craving include form of lust, lust of lust, gandha of lust, lust of
lust, dharma, of lust. Names of taste are the root flavor, the trunk
flavor, the bark flavor, the leaf flavor, the flavor that flowers, fruit
taste, sour taste, sweet taste, bitter taste, hot taste, salty taste,
bitter taste, bitter taste, astringent taste, delicious taste,
unpalatable taste, cold taste, hot taste. Tastes sour, seeks not sour;
if tastes not sour, seeks sour; obtains sweet, seeks unsweetened. If the
taste is not sweet, then seeks the flavor. Sweet. Tastes bitter, seeks
the taste that is not bitter. Tastes not bitter, seeks bitter; tastes
hot, seeks taste; seeks not spicy; gains taste that is not spicy, seeks
spicy; finds salty, seeks not salty; gets tasteless, seeks salty; gains
bitter taste, seeks not taste. harsh obtaining a bad taste seeks a
bitter taste; having a bad taste seeks astringent taste. obtaining
tartness seeks tastiness; obtaining delicious taste seeks unpalatable
taste. not taste good He seeks delicious taste; gets cold; seeks hot.
Tastes hot, seeks cold tastes. They have acquired a taste, they are not
pleased with it. He seeks for other tastes; he craves, desires,
delights, enthralls, enthralls, entangles, entangles, enthralls; lust
for tastes, which are cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevent them from
arising. Burned with fire is wisdom, one who, considering it with
wisdom, eats food, not me for play. no i\'m so drunk No, I\'m to
decorate, no, I\'m to decorate. me for the maintenance of this body to
make this body possible in order to get rid of hardships, for the sake
of the celibacy only with respect that I will heal old feelings, and new
feelings will not arise, progress, being blameless. our comfort will be
with trickery As follows. People apply the wound to cure the skin. Wagon
axle oilers to carry the load cannibals food to get out of the
wilderness Just as a bhikkhu considers with wisdom, so should I feed,
not me for play. no i\'m so drunk not me to decorate No, I\'m to adorn,
I\'m to sustain this body. to make this body possible to get rid of
hardships to pay tribute to the virtuous only with respect that We will
heal the old suffering will not allow new feelings to arise, progress,
blamelessness our comfort There will be such a scheme, eliminating,
alleviating, and ending the craving. He is the one who abstains,
abstains, quits, shakes off, is liberated, not related to craving. One
whose mind is free from the realm of defilement, therefore, is called
one who is not wrathful and is not attracted to the taste of lust. The
Blessed One said, A person does not study because he wants to gain
wealth, does not get angry because he does not gain wealth, is not
wrathful, and is not enamored with the taste of lust.412 A person is
equanimous. always be conscious It doesn\'t matter if it is equal to
him, it doesn\'t matter if it is better than him, it doesn\'t matter if
it is lower than him, in the world there are no thick defilements for
that person. He is always mindful, that is, he is endowed with
equanimity with the six elements, that is, he sees a form with the eye,
does not rejoice, does not grieve, is indifferent, is mindful, is fully
aware, hears the sound with his ears. smell with nose taste with tongue
One who sees a form that is pleasing to the eye is not displeased, does
not rejoice, does not give birth to sensuality. The body of a person is
established (not shaken), the mind is. It is well established, exists in
the interior, is beyond wonderful. see a picture you don\'t like The
mind by the eye does not grieve, is not angry, is not depressed, is not
vengeful. The person\'s body is established, the mind is settled, it is
well established within, it is perfectly liberated. The pleasing sound
is heard by the ear. inhale the smell pleasing with nose to taste
pleasing with the tongue rightly enlightenment One who is satisfied with
the heart does not become displeased, does not rejoice, does not give
birth to sensuality. The body of a person is settled, the mind is
settled, the mind is established, within, well accomplished. Having
enlightened the displeasure by the mind, he is not sad, not angry, not
depressed, no. Vengeance. The body of a person is established, the mind
is established, is established, well within, is beyond wonderful. The
form is seen with the eye. The person\'s body is idle in the form. Likes
and dislikes, the mind is indifferent, exists well within, is beyond
wonderful. Hear the sound with the ear. smell with nose taste with
tongue rightly touched with the body Knowing the Dharma with the heart A
person\'s body is indifferent in the mind that is pleasing and
unwelcome, the mind is indifferent, is well established within, and is
perfectly accomplished. would not set in the mood as a place of desire,
not offended Not lost in emotion is a place of delusion, not angry in
emotion is a place of anger. Not in despair is the site of misery, not
intoxicated in emotion is the site of intoxication. Hear with the ear.
Smell with the nose, taste with the tongue. rightly touched with the
body Knowing the Dharma with the heart would not want In the mood is the
site of desire. Not resentful in the mood is the site of resentment, not
lost; in the mood is the site of infatuation. Not angry in emotions is a
site of anger. don\'t be sad in Emotions are the site of gloom. Not
emotional intoxication is the site of intoxication. That person is only
seen in the form that he sees. It was only heard in the voice that was
heard. It is only known in smell, taste, and touch. It is only
enlightened in the enlightened mind. Not stuck in what you see, not
stuck in what you hear. Not addicted to smells, tastes, and known
touches. not clinging to enlightened dharmas. The craving is not
dependent, unattached, unattached, unrelated to the form seen. would
have a mind without boundaries Passion exists. No lust. The craving is
not dependent, unattached, unattached, unrelated to the sounds heard,
the smells, the tastes, and the known touch. in the enlightened mind
would have a mind without the realm of defilements Live. Arahant has
eyes to appear. sees images with the eye but I don\'t have me The mind
has been completely freed. Ears appear. will hear with ears but I don\'t
have me Has a wonderful mind. A nose appears. will inhale the smell with
the nose but I don\'t have me Having a mind surpassed wonderful. A
tongue appears, one tastes with the tongue, but does not have insight.
There is a wonderful mind. A body appears. would be right to touch with
the body but I don\'t have me There is a wonderful mind. A mind appears.
The eye is naturally blessed with form, delights in form, delights in
form, the Arahant trains, protects, guards, restrains the eye, and
teaches the Dhamma for the comprehension of the eye. nature likes the
sound The nose naturally likes to smell. The tongue naturally likes the
taste. The body is natural, likes to touch, the mind is natural and
emotional. welcome in nature admiring the moral An Arahant trains,
protects, maintains, calms his mind and preachs the Dhamma for the
purpose of compromising his mind. As the Blessed One said, people will
bring their tamed vehicles to the congregation. the king ascended The
vehicle he trained trained person to withstand slanderous words He is
the most noble among human beings. The virtuous Sinthophorse, the
elephant, the great Kunchorn, which he had trained. a noble animal
trained person better than those animals. should not reach nirvana,
which is a direction that has never been traveled by those vehicles like
a trained person Having a self-trained, well-trained self, one can
attain. He was freed from the new world. who has attained the realm that
has been trained, those arahants He is victorious in the world. Whoever
cultivates the organics in all the worlds, both internally and
externally. He is well trained and knows this world and the Hereafter.
Awaiting death. Therefore, he is called equanimous. The term
\"everytime\" means \"at all times, in all times, forever, forever,
forever\", etc., in the latter years. Four reasons, namely, when
cultivating kayanupassana satipatthana in the body It\'s called
conscious When cultivating venanupassana mindfulness in all feelings, it
is mindfulness. when cultivating cittanupassana mindfulness in the mind
It\'s called conscious When Charoen Dhammanu Passana mindfulness in all
dharmas is called mindful, etc., that person is called mindful;
therefore, he is equanimous. Concerning endeavors
[414] The word
irrespective of being equal \...in the world, it means that the endeavor
is not born by birth, by clan, etc., by any object or by any object,
saying that we are equal to him. Therefore, it is called \"no\". It\'s
important that always he \... in the world.
[415] The word doesn\'t
matter if it\'s better than him. It doesn\'t matter if he is inferior to
him, that he is not contemptuous by birth, by clan, etc., by any object,
whether I am better than him, not conceited by birth, by clan, etc. by
one of the objects that We are inferior to him, therefore our name is no
matter better than him. no matter inferior to him. Concerning the seven
thick defilements
[416] that word, in the word thick defilements, is
There is none for that person, namely, the Arahant Khina, known as the
\"severe defilements\", namely, lust, hatred, moha, mana, view,
defilements, and karma; none of these thick defilements does not exist,
that is, does not exist, does not appear, does not enter. It is a moral
sin that a person has abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, and
prevented it from happening. Burned with fire is wisdom, therefore it is
called thick defilements, there is none for that person. The Blessed One
said, a person who is equanimous always be conscious It does not matter
whether he is equal, does not matter whether he is better than him, or
whether he is inferior. know the Dharma and do not live There is no
desire in the world and in the absence of existence. It\'s about
dependence.
[418] \"Whoever\" in the word \"Whoever does not have a
dwelling\" is an Arahant Khina. The name of dependency is the following
two habits: craving for habits, attitudes, etc. This is called lust,
habits, etc., this is called traits. one who neglects his habit give up
attitude Because of the abandonment of desire, the habit of giving up,
attitudes, habits, non-existence, non-existence, not entering to anyone,
that existence, which is abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed,
prevents it from arising. Burned with fire is wisdom, therefore he is
called who has no dependence.
[419] The word \'know\' in the word
\'knowing\' does not rely on \'knowing, knowing, considering, comparing,
making it clear, making it clear that All things are impermanent. ...All
sankharas are suffering. \...all dharmas are selfless, etc., they are
known, understood, considered, compared, and made clear, making it clear
that Something happens naturally. All things have a natural cessation.
The word does not dwell: these are two habits, namely, habitual lust,
one attitude, etc., this is called lust-habit, etc., this is
called-self-habit. give up attitude He who does not dwell, does not get
involved, does not reach, is not attracted to, is not willing to go
forth, renounces, is completely freed, is not involved in the eye, ear,
nose, tongue, body, mind, form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family,
abbot, etc., forms seen, sounds heard, smells, tastes, and touches
known. enlightened nature a person who has a mind that makes It is free
from the realm of defilements, therefore it is called \'knowing the
Dhamma and not relying on it.\' and in the absence of existence, namely
form, craving, satanha, gandha, ratanha, dhotattah, dharma. In the
absence of existence is in vibhavaditthi. The word in the world is in
satsatitthi. in the absence of the world, i.e. in the upheath, the view.
The word in the world is in the frequent occurrence. in frequent In
frequent practices, in frequent fertilization, in frequent existence.
There is no craving, it does not appear, it does not enter, that is,
this craving is abandoned, calmed, suppressed, preventing it from
arising. Burned with fire is wisdom, hence the name. Whoever has no
desire in life and in the absence of the world because of that The
Blessed One said, who has no residence know the Dharma and do not live
There is no desire in the world and in the absence of the world.
[421]
I say that person who does not focus on sensual pleasures one who enters
into peace would not be for that person the person has crossed lust is
called visatika.
[422] The word I say to that person \... as one who
has calmed; I say, speak, speak, show, declare, which person is at
peace, calm, quiet, quenched. Therefore, I say. That person \... that he
is at peace with regard to sensual pleasures
[423] exclaiming that in
the word sensuality, there are two kinds of sensual objects, namely,
sensual objects, lustful objects, etc. These sensual pleasures are
called sensual objects, etc. These are called defilements. One who has
comprehended sensual objects, abandoned, renounced, relieved, and put an
end to their non-existence, which is called defilement, one who has not
focused on all sensual objects, that is, one who is freed, renounced,
released, abandoned, renounced sensual pleasures. One who is freed from
renunciation, vomited, abandoned, abandoned, relinquished, one who is
quenched, quenched, cooled, enjoys oneself as Brahma, he is called one
who does not focus on sensual pleasures. The governor of the four
attachments
[424] is called the defilements. In the word defilements,
there are no attachments to that person, namely the four defilements
that bind the body, namely covetousness, vengeance, silabbat, parama.
It\'s the truth (Confidence that this is true). The lust for one\'s view
is called the physical attachment of defilements, which is covetousness,
malice, displeasure in the words of other peoples, is called physical
defilement, which is malice. Upholding the precepts, or One\'s precepts
or precepts are called defilements that bind the body, namely silabbota.
The word passion, the binding device There is no defilement, that is,
there is no defilement, that is, neither does it exist, does not appear,
cannot enter, that is, defilements which one has abandoned, settled,
settled, prevents it from arising, and has been burned down by fire,
which is insight; therefore, it is called defilements. There are no
bindings to that person. Regarding lust, there are various names.

[425] The word that one has crossed over the lust called visattika,
meaning that lust is called visattika, i.e. lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha,
lobha, and akusala-mum. What does Visatika mean? Therefore, lust is
called Visatika. Because the view has faded. because the meaning
spreads; because the meaning is uneven because it possesses because it
reflects Because the meaning is the reason to speak wrongly because the
meaning has a poisonous root dung. because the utility has a toxic
effect because there is a machine Toxic consumption Therefore, lust is
called Another one That craving spreads through forms, sounds, smells,
tastes, touches, clans, abbots, etc., wandering through the visible
form. sound heard, smelled, tasted, touched enlightened dharmas,
therefore lust is called Wisatika. The word the person has crossed the
lust which is called visattika, that one has crossed over, passed over,
has transgressed from craving This is called visatika, therefore, that
person has crossed over the lust of visatika. The Blessed One said, I
say that person who does not focus on sensual pleasures: one who enters
into peace, desires are the binding device would not be for that person
the person has crossed the lust
[426] Sons, cattle, fields and land
are not available to that person. Attitthi is good Nirattitthi is good

[427] The word na in the words son, cattle, farm and land is not
available to that person, it is rejected. namely, a child born by
himself, a child born in one area, a child born in the school, a child
born in the school 1. The word cattle are goats, sheep, chickens, pigs,
elephants, cows, horses, donkeys. The word field is a wheat field, a
rice field, a royal bean field. Mas Glutinous rice fields, tartar
fields, sesame fields. The word land is a house, a barn at the front of
the house, a back of a house, a garden, a place of residence. The word
son, livestock, farm, and land are not available to that person. Cattle
Religion farming adherence There is no clinging to the land, neither
does it exist, does not appear, does not enter into that person, that
is, a state in which one is abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed,
preventing it from happening. Burned by fire is wisdom, therefore sons,
cattle, fields, and land are nonexistent to that person. Nirattitthi is
good would not enter into such a person, there would be no upright There
is no such thing as Niratta, there is no such thing as self, there is no
such thing as being let go of Niratta, there is no one to hold, one to
let go, nothing to let go. That which should be released is not for any
person. There is nothing to hold onto. to that person. That person who
is an arahant Overcome and let go, and progress and decay is over. That
person is already over. Having a well-behaved conduct, etc., there is no
new life for that person, therefore it is called Attitthi. Nirattitthi
is good would not be able to enter that person. Because of that The
Blessed One said that sons, cattle, farms, and land would not be
available to that person. Attitthi is good Nirattitthi is good would not
enter that person. Whatever the blame should be said, that punishment
does not encompass that person; therefore, that person is not shaken by
Words.
[430] The word mortals in the word mortals, both recluses and
brahmins, should be said by any fault, because of the meaning. Therefore
it is called ordinary people. because of the view that he is a person
who has not yet eradicated a great body because he was very selective in
the face of the Prophet because of the view that he is the one who has
made all his prejudices because of the meaning that it is concocted with
many kinds of supersikhan; because of the meaning that it floats away
because of many defilements; because of the meaning that it is suffering
because of Defilements cause a lot of fervor, because they are
voluptuous, delighted, delighted, fascinated, enthralled, enthralled,
highly entangled in sensual pleasures, 5 because they are impermanent,
covered, covered, concealed, wrapped up, hence the name mortals. reach
Even with the ordination outside this religion, it is called a monk. Any
group of people who claim to be virtuous are called Brahmins. mortals,
both monks and brahmins Whatever the blame should be said, that mere
mortals should be said by lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, utdhacca,
and by whatever purpose they are greedy, offended, passionate, bound,
clinging to distraction. to the uncertainty or reach by strength. that
person already because he is a loser Ready to cook Why should you
mention the motto? that person was born in hell Born in the Beast Born
as a human being, a deity, a creature with a form. a shapeless animal be
an animal an anesthetized animal That person has no cause, no cause, no
action, that is to say, to speak, to show, to proclaim, therefore, all
mortals. Priests and Brahmins It should be said without any blame.
Concerning an Arahant, there is no penalty.
[431] That word, in that
word, does not encompass that person, namely the encompassing encompass,
which is the encompassing of two things: the encompassing of lust, the
encompassing of lust Ditthi 1, etc., this is called the encompassing of
craving, etc. This is called the encompassing of view. That person
abandons the surroundings of desire. having given up the encirclement of
the stoic because he is the one who abandons the encirclement of lust
having given up the encirclement of the stoic therefore do not lust and
look forward, that is, a person who has no desire as a triumphant flag
No passion is the top flag. no passion is great There is no titthi as a
triumphant flag. There is no view as the top flag. no great views He is
neither lustful nor swaying, therefore it is called that punishment does
not encompass that person.
[432] The word Tasma in the word therefore
does not shake because of the words, therefore, because of the because
of that Because of that, because of that story, that person does not
waver, that is, neither swaying, nor tilting, does not shake, does not
shake, does not tremble, because of words, because of all arguments,
because of gossip, reproach, and non-praise. does not glorify merit,
hence the name; therefore, that person is not moved by Because of all
the words. Because of that The Blessed One said, mortals, both monks and
brahmins Whatever punishment should be said, that punishment does not
encompass that person; therefore, that person does not waver in because
of the words.
[433] This person is a muni. Without desire, not stingy,
he does not say being taller than him not speaking of being equal to
him, not speaking of being inferior to him. a person who has no desire

[434] Lust is called lust, in the word lustless, without stinginess,
i.e. lust, saraga, etc.; covetousness, greed, greed. That desire, which
one is cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from arising. climb
burned with fire is the soul that person is called Without lust, one is
not lustful, not pleased, not delusional, not enamored; he who is
lustful, is devoid of desire, removed, released, abandoned,
relinquished, in form, etc., in forms seen, sounds heard, smells,
tastes, tactile sensations. enlightened nature One who is quenched,
quenched, cooled, one who lives as the Brahma is enjoying, therefore is
called stinglessness. The name stinginess in the word non-stinginess is
the five kinds of stinginess: stinginess of the pastor, stinginess of
the family. stinginess stinginess caste Stinginess, stinginess, etc.
This jealousy is called stinginess. That stinginess, which a person has
abandoned, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from happening. Burned with
the fire is insight, that person is called unstingy, therefore is called
lustless. Not stingy.
[435] The word muni in the word person is a muni.
would not speak of being taller than him does not speak of being an
equal to him Not speaking of being inferior to him, that Janna is called
Mona, etc., transgressing the Dharma as a connection and craving only as
a net. That person is a Muni. A person who is a Muni doesn\'t say,
doesn\'t tell, doesn\'t speak, doesn\'t show, doesn\'t state that I am
somehow better than him. We are always like him. I am somewhat inferior
to him, therefore he is called a muni, he does not speak of being above
him. does not speak of being an equal to him not speaking of being
inferior than him. It\'s about two stipulations
[436] called
stipulations in the word person who has no desire. There are two kinds
of decrees, namely, decrees by lust, this decree by lust, etc. This is
called decree by lust, etc. This is called decree by view. already
because he is the one who renounces stipulations by lust; renounces
stipulations with views. That is, he does not reach, does not reach,
does not hold, does not cling to, does not cling to the determination by
desire. or setting with views Therefore, it is called indeterminate.
Named defining in the word person who is indeterminate, that is, two
decrees, namely, the determination of lust, this is called the
determination of lust, etc. This is also the determination of Ditthi.
That person has abandoned the determination by craving; he has abandoned
the determination by looking. because he is the one who renounces
decrees with lust relinquishing stipulations with a view therefore it is
not determined by lust or stipulation by view, that is, not to arise,
not to be ready not to be born not to be born only, therefore it is said
that one who is indeterminate does not reach the limit. The Blessed One
said, that person is a muni Without desire, not stingy, he does not say
being taller than him not speaking of being equal to him, not speaking
of being inferior to him. indefinite
[437] Whoever has no regard for
himself in the world, when that which he does not possess, does not
grieve and does not reach partiality in the dharmas. that person called
who is calm. Concerning those who have no adherence
[438] Whoever in
the word who has no regard for himself in the world is an Arahant Kina.
There is no regard for oneself, that is, whoever does not have clinging,
clinging, clinging, clinging, contemplation of form, feeling, covenant,
body, spirit, whatever, whether this is mine, or this belonging to other
people, etc., has been burned with the fire which is insight. Therefore
it is called whoever does not have regard for himself in the world. on
the one who does not grieve
[439] When what is considered one is not
does not sorrow, meaning not sorrow Objects that have been warped or
when an object is transformed, it does not grieve, that is, does not
grieve, does not grieve, does not wail, does not pound. It is not the
infatuation that our eyes, sota, ghana, chihuahua, body and mind have
changed our form, sound, smell, taste, touch. Has changed, family,
abbot, fortune, yot, Sansern, Suk, robes, alms, Sena, Kilan,
pharmaceutical factors, our clergy have changed Mothers, fathers,
brothers, brothers, sisters, sisters, sons, daughters, friends, our
relatives, our blood relatives. has changed Even for this reason,
therefore, it is called not grieving over things that are not there.
Whoever is displeased, is not sorrowful, does not grieve, does not
groan, does not wail, does not sting, does not reach passion, is one who
suffers from eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease,
body disease, head disease. Ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease,
cough, asthma, the common cold, botulism, epilepsy, epilepsy, dysentery,
colic, root disease, leprosy, pox, eczema, eye disease, epilepsy,
scabies, scabies. In the field of warts, pustules, yaws, hemorrhagic
disease Bile jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, sickness
as a prelude, sickness with sputum as a prelude. Path with wind as a
premise League of Nations Anxiety is born from the changing seasons. The
ailment was caused by the uneven management. Anxiety is born of
excessive perseverance, malice of karma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst,
pain in the stool, pain in urination, the touch of flies, mosquitoes,
wind, sun, and beasts roaming, right, dominated, swarmed, and swarmed
together, one does not grieve, does not grieve. groaning, not pounding
breasts, not reaching for passion, even for this reason, therefore it is
said that one does not grieve over something that is not there. When an
object does not exist, that is, does not appear, does not enter, he does
not grieve, does not grieve, does not wail, does not break his breasts.
It\'s not the infatuation that, oh, that\'s ours. That is not for us,
that is what should be for us. We didn\'t get that. Even for this
reason, therefore it is called that when what is considered one\'s own
is not one does not grieve about one who is impartial. not up to anger
It doesn\'t reach mohagti, it doesn\'t bhakti, it doesn\'t reach the
ability of lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, uddhaca, scrutiny,
adjournment, moving with all the dharmas that make them belong,
therefore it is not called partiality in the dharmas. a. The word that
person is called a person who is calm. That person is called, that is,
speaks, shows, declares that the person who is calm has come into peace,
has entered into a special tranquility, has been extinguished, has
ceased. Therefore, that person is called a person who is calm. The
Blessed One said, Whoever has no regard for himself in the world, when
what is regarded as nonexistent, does not grieve. and not to bias in all
dharmas That person is called a peaceful person. Finish. Purabheda
Suttanittes the 10th ----------------- Kalawivadasuttanidthes 11th

[441] b. (Buddha\'s Nimit asked) quarrel Where does quarrel, sorrow,
sorrow, stinginess, arrogance, contempt and slander come from? Those
passions have come But what? Concerning quarrel
[442] What is the name
of quarrel in the word quarrel and quarrel \... that is, quarrel and
quarrel are one and the same? By the same condition, any quarrel is a
quarrel, and any quarrel is a quarrel; on the other hand, by any other
condition, the quarrel that is the beginning of a quarrel is called a
quarrel, that is, even the king quarrels with the people. the king Even
kings quarrel with kings, even brahmins quarrel with brahmins Even the
householders quarreled with the householders. Even the mother quarrels
with the son, and the son quarrels with the mother. Even fathers quarrel
with sons. Even the son quarrels with his father. Even the brothers
quarrel with sister Even sisters quarrel with brothers. Even comrades
quarrel with comrades. This is called quarrel. What is a quarrel? They
quarreled with each other by body and speech. They quarrel with their
body and speech. This is called quarrel. What does the word quarrel and
quarrel come from? The Buddha\'s vision asks, asks, speaks, invites him
to show, and declares the cause, tale, origin, origin, origin, food,
mood, and cause of quarrels and quarrels that quarrels\
and quarrels arise, namely, being born, born together, born, born, only
appear. What is it? What is the birthplace, therefore it is called
quarrel, quarrel and quarrel? rhyming behavior depravity Despair The
vainness of a person who is affected by the decline of relatives Some
are affected by the deterioration of wealth, some are affected by the
deterioration by disease. affected by the deterioration of the precepts
deteriorated of the view affects that coincided with some deterioration
caused by any suffering Something affects some. Concerning sorrow,
sorrow is called sorrow, sorrowful action. sorrow, inner sorrow inner
sorrow inner trouble inner glow The preparation of the mind, the sorrow,
the arrow is the sorrow. of people who have been subjected to the
decline of their relatives some impact affected by the deterioration of
wealth Some are affected by the deterioration of the disease, some are
affected by the deterioration of the precepts which was affected by the
decline of views, which coincided with some kind of decline which is
affected by some cause of suffering. Concerning stinginess, it is called
stinginess, which is the five kinds of stinginess, namely stinginess of
the pastor, stinginess in the family, stinginess and greed. stinginess
caste stinginess stinginess sees like this, stingy behavior stinginess
desires tenacity The depressive spirit of giving someone\'s mind Not
trustworthy in giving. This is called stinginess. stinginess is good
Elemental stinginess is fine. This stinginess is called stinginess. The
desire to take is called stinginess. Therefore, it is called arrogance,
sorrow, and stinginess. It\'s called arrogance. In the words arrogance,
scorn, and slander. Please note the explanation as follows. Some people
in this world Concerned about being born by birth, by clan, by being the
son of the family. By being a person of some beauty Some by wealth, some
by government, some by work. by some liberal arts Some by academic
standing, some by education, some by impartiality. By one or another
object. Concerning blasphemy is called blasphemy, that is, some people
in this world slander others by birth, by clan, etc., by some object or
by object. Concerning slanderous speech is called slanderous speech,
that is, some people in this world who has slanderous speech, that is,
listens from one side and tells the other side. to destroy this group Or
listen from the other side and tell this side to destroy the people over
there. is the one who destroys the people who are in unison Support
people who are different, like people who are cliques. welcome to those
who are cliques enjoy people who are cliques He is the one who speaks
slanderous speech. This is called slanderous speech. A person introduces
a slanderous word for two reasons: one introduces a slanderous word with
the intent of being endearing, and one who wishes to break up with a
slanderer. 1. How does a person introduce slander with the intention of
being endearing? with the aim of being loved like this: We will be
endearing, agreeable, intimate, inwardly, delightful of this person. So
how do you use slanderous words? He wanted them to be divided in this
way, that these peoples should be different, divided, divided into two
factions, two factions, two factions. How to live in trouble and not
happiness by guile, therefore it is called arrogance, slander, and
slanderous speech. those passions What has come from? The Buddha\'s
vision asked, inquired, asked to speak, asked him to speak, asked him to
show, and asked him to declare the cause, tale, origin, place of birth,
food, mood, factors, and the eight defilements, saying: These eight
defilements are quarrels, quarrels, worries, sorrows, and frustrations.
Presence, contempt, and slanderous speech are born, born, born, born,
only born, only appear, what is a fairy tale? What is a samutaya, what
is a birth, what is a birthplace, hence the name, what are those
defilements that come from? Therefore it is called, I invite you to say,
those passions have But what? Because of that? Then the Buddha\'s vision
asked him: Where did quarrels, quarrels, sorrows, stinginess, arrogance,
contempt and slanderous speech come from? He shall say Where did these
defilements come from?
[446] (The Blessed One replied:) Quarrels,
strife, sorrow, sorrow, stinginess, arrogance, slander, and slanderous
speech come from what is loved, quarrel, quarrel. Composed in stinginess
and when a quarrel arises There is also slander. It\'s about arguing.
\... comes from what is loved
[447] Name what is loved. In the word
quarrel, quarrel, sorrow, stinginess, stinginess \... comes from what is
loved, namely, two objects of love, namely beings, the body, and the
being. What is love? What people in this world? He who desires
prosperity, benefit, desires comfort, desires serenity from yogic
defilements; is a mother, a father, a brother. A sister, a son, a
daughter, a friend, a comrade, a kinsman, or a blood These people are
called Beloved beings. Why is sankhara beloved? These pleasing forms,
sounds, smells, tastes, and touches are called Sanghara is loved.
People. Even those who are paranoid in snatching up a beloved object
will quarrel, that is, when a loved object is being hijacked would
quarrel When the beloved object is hijacked, there will be some quarrel.
will quarrel, that is, when the beloved object is changing would quarrel
When the loved object has changed, there will be quarrels with each
other. hijacked some quarrel When a loved object has been hijacked would
quarrel sometimes. The paranoia of the volatility of the beloved object
quarrels; that is, when the beloved object is in turmoil, there will be
quarrels. When the object you love has changed There will be some
quarrels. Paranoid in the snatching of the beloved object, quarrelsome,
that is, when the beloved object is being hijacked, it is somewhat
irritated when the beloved object is taken away. will be somewhat
annoyed. Going to the object of love is troubled, that is, when the
object of love is changing would be annoyed when the object of love has
changed Even a person who is paranoid in snatching away the beloved
object grieves, that is, when the beloved object is being taken away.
would be sad When the beloved object is taken away, it grieves a little.
Even one who is paranoid about the fluctuation of the beloved object
grieves, that is, when the loved object is distorted. would be sad When
a loved object is distorted, it sorrows some. And it guards, guards,
protects, forbids, stinginess of the beloved object. Therefore, it is
called quarrel, quarrel, sorrow, sorrow, and stinginess. It comes only
from what is loved. self, slander, and slanderous speech, that people
are conceited because of the things they love. blasphemy arises by
virtue of the beloved object. Presence to be born by relying on such a
beloved object that We naturally acquire forms, sounds, smells, tastes,
touches that are pleasing to our hearts. would cause contempt Because
how does it depend on the objects you love? would cause disdain to arise
because of the object of love like this: We normally have form, sound,
smell, taste, touch that we like. But these people don\'t have form,
sound, smell, taste, touch that we like. Sneaky speech means that some
people in this world who has slanderous speech, that is, listens from
one side and tells the other side. to destroy these people, etc., a
person who wishes him It differs like this... These people should be
different. Not in harmony with one another, living in trouble, not being
happy, by slander, by slander, therefore it is called arrogance, slander
and slander.
[449] The words quarrel and quarrel consist of stinginess,
meaning that these seven defilements are Quarrels, quarrels, sorrows,
sorrows, arrogance, contempt, and slanderous speech are continual in
stinginess, hence the name quarrel. There is also slanderous speech,
that when a quarrel arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises,
arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises,
arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, arises,
arises, arises, arises, and speaks to the other; to destroy this group
Or listen from the other side and come and tell this side to destroy the
people over there. is the one who destroys the people who are in unison
Support people who are different. Some like people who are cliques.
welcome to those who are cliques enjoy people who are cliques orator
This is called slander. People will use slanderous words. enters for two
reasons: to introduce slander with the aim of being endearing 1 to want
them to split up, so slander is introduced 1. How do people enter
slander with the aim of being endearing? Introduce slanderous words with
the intent of being endearing like this: We will be endearing, pleasing,
intimate, inwardly, delightful to this person. How do those who want
them to be divided, how do they use a slanderous word? those who wished
him to be divided like this: These people should be different, divided,
divided into factions, two factions, two factions, two factions, these
people should be different. Not in harmony with one another, how would
one live in trouble and not be happy by deceit? slanderous words are
brought in. Therefore, it is called that when a quarrel arises,
slanderous speech arises. The Blessed One said: quarrels, quarrels,
sorrows, stinginess, arrogance, contempt and slander. There is only
love, quarrels, quarrels, and stinginess. and when quarrels arise,
slanderous speech arises. what\'s the story and which people would
travel the world because of their greed and greed What is the story,
besides, the hope and the success that has the essence for the future?
What is a story about what is the cause of what is loved
[452] The
word what is loved in the world What is the story of the Buddha\'s
vision, asking, asking, asking to speak, inviting him to show? Please
declare the foundation, etc. dear things What is a fairy tale: born,
born with, born, born, only reborn, what has appeared, what is a fairy
tale? What is Samui what\'s the nation What is the birthplace?
Therefore, it is called the things that are loved in the world. What is
a fairy tale.
[453] The word and those in the word and which people?
He wanders in the world because of greed, namely kings, brahmins,
vaishas, suras, laymen, laymen, devas, devas, human beings. Desires,
determined actions, determination, Abhijha, Lobha, Akusalamul. The word
\"travel\" means traveling, changing posture, behaving, maintaining,
maintaining, maintaining, and keeping things going. The word in the
world is in the evil world, the world of mankind, the world of gods, and
the world. The world element is ashamed of the world, therefore it is
called, and those who travel in the world because of greed.
[454] The
words hope and success hope. ...What is a fairy tale? It means that the
Buddha\'s vision asks, asks, asks, asks, asks, invites him to show. May
it proclaim the foundation, etc., Samutai of hope and success. hope and
success hope What is a fairy tale: born, born, born, ready, born, only
born, what has appeared, what is a fairy tale? What is Samui what\'s the
nation What is the birthplace? Therefore, it is called hope and hope for
success. \...What is a fairy tale?
[455] The word that has the essence
for the future means hope and hope for success. which is in the
foreground, is an island, is a protected place is covert It is a
souvenir of the people, that is, the people who have success and hope
for the future. Then the Buddha vision asked: all the things I love in
the world what\'s the story and those who wander through the world
because of greed The greed of those people, what is the story, besides,
the hope and the hope of success that have the essence for the future?
What is a fairy tale?
[456] (The Blessed One replied:) All the things
that are loved in the world having a promissory note and which people
would travel the world because of their greed and greed This is a fairy
tale. Incidentally, hope and achieve the hope that there is a core for
the future There is this desire. This is a fairy tale.
[457] It is
called Chantha in the word \"Love Things\" in the world. There is a
desire as a fairy tale, such as pleasure in sensual pleasures. eroticism
erotic pleasure Erotic desire, erotic love, erotic passion, erotic
infatuation, sensual pleasure, eroticism, kama yoga, kamupathan, kama
reconciliation. Among all sensual pleasures, there are five kinds of
desires: the satisfaction of seeking, the satisfaction of obtaining, the
satisfaction of eating, the satisfaction of accumulating, the
satisfaction of giving up. 1. What is the contentment of seeking? In
this world, some person, who is pleased, has desires, is content, seeks
form, sound, smell, taste, touch. This is called the pleasure of
seeking. In this world, pleasures, desires, pleasures are obtained by
form, sound, smell, taste, touch. This is called contentment. What is
the satisfaction of consumption? Some people in this world, who, in this
world, who are pleased, have desires, have pleasures, consume forms and
sounds. Smell, taste, touch, this is called the contentment of
consumption. What is the satisfaction in accumulating? Some people in
this world who are pleased, have a desire, have a desire, will
accumulate wealth in the hope that It will come in handy in all dangers.
This is called the contentment of accumulating. What is the contentment
of giving up? Some people in this world, who are pleased, have a need,
have a desire, give up their wealth for the elephants, the horsemen, and
the chariots. The archers and the infantry marched on foot, hoping that
These people will protect us. This is called the contentment of giving
up. Concerning the two things that are loved, the words that are loved
are the two things that are loved: beings, body, body, etc. These are
called beloved beings, etc. This is called sankhara is loved. Words that
are loved in the world Possessions are fairy tales, what love is
prosperous is fairy tales. having a consensus as Samuthai have a
national vote having vows as the birthplace, therefore it is called the
things that are loved in the world There is a passion as a fairy tale.

[458] The word and those in the word and those He wanders in the world
because of greed, namely kings, brahmins, vaishas, suras, laymen,
laymen, devas, devas, human beings. Desires, determined actions\
, predetermined, Abhijha, Lobha, Akusalamul. The word \"travel\" means
traveling, changing one\'s posture, behaving, maintaining, maintaining,
healing, and keeping things going. The word in the world is in the evil
world, etc., therefore the world is ashamed. therefore its name, and
what people would travel in the world because of greed. Concerning hope.

[459] The word, besides, hopes and hopes for success. There is this
desire in a fairy tale, meaning that craving is called hope, such as
lust, saraka, etc. Apiccha, Lobha, Akusala Mun. Success hopes that some
people in this world When seeking form, obtaining form, one has hope of
success. in form, when seeking sound \... smell \... taste \... achieve
hope in the When looking for the family \...faculty \...abbot \...
fortune \... rank \... praise \... happiness \... robes \... alms round
\... Senasana \... Khilankhankhakhana \... Sutra \... Vinaya \... Phra
Abhidhamma ... Aranyikadhu. ...Pinthapati Kangkhadhu ...Tanjarikankhadhu
Spa ...Fluffy Patchabhatti Kangkhadhu ...Nesatchiji Kangkhadhu ...
Yathasanti Khangkhadhu ...Primary Jhana ...Second Jhana ...Tatijan
...Chatut Chan ...Akasananya Dhānasabati. ...Soul ...Akinya Nyathan
Samapat ...when looking for the Nyakanya Nyathan Samapat. has contracted
the contract a successful person In the concept of naming the satanic
realm, as the Blessed One said: A person plows with hope. Sowing with
hope, merchants looking for wealth, going to the ocean with hope. With
what hope we stand, our hope will be fulfilled. The success of hope is
called the success of hope. Hope and Success Hope, there is also a
consensus, this is a fairy tale, that hope and success hope. There is
this desire as a fairy tale; have a national vote Possession is the
birthplace, therefore it is called hope and hope for success. There is
this ambition as a fairy tale.
[460] The word that has the essence for
the future means that hope and success hope for the future, the island,
the protection. is covert It is a relic of the people, that is, the
people who have success and hope for the future. The Blessed One said,
all the things I love in the world having a promissory note and what
kind of people would travel the world because of greed The greed of
those people has this desire as a fairy tale. In addition, there is hope
and hope for success in the future so that there will be this desire in
the world. 461] (Buddha\'s vision asked) What is the desire in the
world? It is a fairy tale, and decision comes from nothing; besides,
anger, a liar, and doubt come from. and what virtues which the monk has
said What do these dharmas come from? \...What is the cause?
[462]
What is the word Chantha in the world? What is a fairy tale? It means
that the Buddha Nimit asks, asks, asks, asks, asks, invites him to show.
Please declare the foundation, etc. Chantha has a fairy tale, that is,
born, born with, born, born, only reborn, what has appeared, what is a
fairy tale? What is Samui what\'s the nation What is the birthplace,
therefore it is called Chanta in the world? What is a fairy tale?

[463] What is the origin of the word and decision? It means that the
Buddha\'s vision asked, inquired, asked to speak, invited him to show.
Let me declare the foundations, etc., the deciding factor, what is the
origin of the decision, that is, what is born, is born, is born, is born
only, what has emerged, what is a fairy tale? What is Samui what\'s the
nation What is the birthplace, therefore it is called, and what is the
decision? All-over resentment, always-outrage, all-out hatred, always
hatred, the vengeance of the mind. heart attack, anger, anger Anger,
hatred, detestable behavior, hatred, vindictiveness, vengeful behavior
Hostility, wrath, resentment, fierceness, evil speech, ignorance of the
mind, falsehood is called liars, doubt is called scolding, therefore,
anger and anger. He is a liar and doubtful.
[465] What words and
dharmas are in the words and what dharmas? As the recluse has said, that
all dharmas, united, arise together, are related, join together, arise
at the same time. have the same extinction have the same object Having
the same emotions as anger, liars, and doubt, these things are called
dhammas. already set by another symptom These defilements are called
dharmas. what the recluse had said, that the Buddha, who was a recluse,
had sin Dharma has stopped as a brahmin, the dharma that has floated
away A bhikkhu who has the foundation of destructive defilements, who is
freed from all unwholesome ground, has spoken, that is, he has spoken in
general, has spoken, decreed, appointed, disclosed, classified, has been
made shallow, hence the name, and whatever dharmas have been proclaimed
by the recluse. the Buddha vision So he asked, what in the world is
there a fairy tale? and the decision comes from what? and what is the
origin of doubt and what dharma which the recluse has spoken
[466]
(The Blessed One replied:) What dharmas do the wise say, namely, joy and
sorrow in the world? Because of that dharma arises, the dharma sees the
non-existence and the existence in all forms. He makes decisions in the
world.
[467] The word joy in the words of the sages is joy, sorrow in
the world is pleasure and desirable objects. The word sorrow is
suffering and undesirable objects. the word Whatever dharma sages say in
the world, what sages say, speaks, speaks, declares what dharma they
say, therefore what sages say is joy and sorrow in the world.
[468]
The word \'chanda\' arises by virtue of that dharma, meaning that \' \'
\' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' \' . joy and sorrow
Desirable objects and undesirable objects, pleasure and ill-will,
therefore, is called desire, which arises by virtue of that dharma. in
all forms, namely the four great elements and the precepts of the great
elements 4. What is the existence of forms? Existence is birth, birth,
birth, specific birth. This manifestation of forms is called the
existence of forms. What is the absence of forms? The extinction,
deterioration, disintegration, disintegration, impermanence,
disappearance of forms, this is called the absence of forms. to see the
absence and existence in all forms: to see, to see, to consider, to
compare, to clarify, to make manifest The existence and the
non-existence in all forms, hence the name seeing, the non-existence and
the non-existence in all forms.
[470] Name decision, in the word
jantujan, makes a decision in the world, that is, two decisions. that
is, decision-making based on craving 1. How do animals make decisions
based on lust? Some people in this world have a wealth that is not It
didn\'t happen, it didn\'t happen. and having the wealth that arises and
then has its extinction. So he thought like this: that my wealth that
has not yet arisen has not arisen. and the wealth that has arisen and
has come to an end, for what reason? when we assemble in the case of
being the site of negligence because of the drunkenness of liquor and
intoxicants unrealized wealth therefore did not happen and the wealth
that has arisen will come to an end. When we often engage in traveling
too much at night ...when we travel to see too much entertainment
...when we engage frequently in the cause, it is the site of negligence
because of gambling. ...when we regularly engage in fellowship in being
lazy therefore cannot obtain wealth that have not yet arisen arise and
the wealth that has arisen will be extinct. Knowing this so he did not
behave The calamity of the six wealth, the old man makes decisions with
lust. in spite of This one. A person engages in some farming activities.
with some commercial karma, with some karma with some art bows with some
government service with some art Jantujan makes decisions with passion.
Even in this way, how does a janitor make a decision with a view?
Chantuchon knew that Our self is born. When the eye is gone, we know
that our self is gone. Our self is no more. The old man makes decisions
with a view. Even in this way. When sota \... when ghana \... when
vomiting \... when body \... when form \... when sound \... when smell
\... when taste \... when touch has arisen. Chantuchon knew that Our
self is born When the touch is gone, I know that my self is gone, my
self is gone. Elders make decisions with a view: to arise, to be born,
to be born, to be born. Even in this way. The word jantujan is beast,
Nara, etc., man. The word in the world is in the bad world, etc., the
sense of the world. Therefore, it is called jantujan. world. Because of
that The Blessed One said, Whatever dharma sages say, happiness and
sorrow in the world, desire arises by virtue of that dharma. The old
man, seeing the absence and the existence of all forms, makes decisions
in the world.471 These things are anger, lies and doubt, when both joy
and sorrow arise. A person who has doubts should study for the way of
intuition. and what virtues which the recluse was aware of, and
therefore spoke those dharmas When both joy and sorrow There
exists.
[472] It is called anger, in the word anger, lies and doubt,
that is malice, malice, etc. Lies are called lies. Doubt is called
debate. Anger arises from desirable objects, or by undesirable\
objects. Lies arise from desirable objects. some by relying on
undesirable objects; some by doubting by relying on desirable objects;
because it relies on some undesirable objects. How does anger arise
because of undesirable objects? Anger also arises, indicating that he
has done something that is of no benefit to us. Anger arises because he
is doing something that does not benefit us. Anger is caused by symptoms
that he will behave What does not benefit us. Anger arises with the
symptom that he has done something that is not Benefit to the loved ones
who are already pleased with us. Anger arises as a sign that he is doing
something that is not beneficial to our loved ones. Anger arises with
the manifestation that he will do things that are of no benefit to our
loved ones. caused by symptoms He has done what is beneficial to the
unloved that pleases us. Anger is caused by symptoms that He is doing
what is beneficial to the unloved person who is pleased with us. He will
do what is beneficial to the person who not to our liking. Anger arises
because of this undesirable object. How does anger arise from such a
desirable object? suspicion of snatching up a coveted object inevitably
there will be anger, that is, when the desired object is hijacked would
have some anger When the desirable object has been taken away, there
will be some anger. There will be anger, that is, when the desired
object is changing. would have some anger When the desired object has
changed There will be some anger. Anger will arise because relying on
such desirable objects. How does a lie arise from undesirable objects?
Some people in this world was memorized by a mnemonics, namely the name
Speaks lies even though he knows to get out of that memory. It was also
remembered by him, the mnemonics were ropes. ...was memorized by a
mnemonics of chains ...was memorized by the vine ...was memorized by a
siege machine. ...it is remembered by a mnemonics of houses, a colony
and a city ...is remembered by a mnemonics of a country. would speak
lies even though he knew in order to get out of that remembrance. A lie
is born. By relying on such undesirable objects. How does lies arise
from lustful objects? Some people in this world lie even though they
know because of their pleasing form. He speaks a lie even though he
knows it because of his pleasing sound, smell, taste, touch. because of
the robe because of alms because of the cause of Senasana Because of
Kilan\'s pharmacokinetics factors, lies arises because of this desirable
object. How does doubt arise from undesirable objects? because it relies
on undesirable objects that Will we be free from eye disease? Or will we
not be freed from eye disease, or will we be free from ear disease? from
a disease of the nose or um From a disease of the tongue or um, from a
disease of the body ... from a disease of the head or um From ear
disease, from mouth disease, we will be free from dental disease. Or
will we not be freed from dental disease? Doubt arises because of this
undesirable object? relying on the desirable object that Will we get a
picture that we like or not? Or will we not obtain a form that pleases
us, we will obtain sound, smell, taste, touch, name, family, abbot,
fortune, rank, praise, happiness, robe, alms, senasana, or will we
obtain a medicinal substance that pleases us? Or we will not kill the
factor Doubt arises by relying on such a desirable object, therefore it
is called anger, a liar. and doubt.
[473] These words of dharma ...when
both joy and sorrow exist, that is, when joy and sorrow exist, that is,
when joy and sorrow joy and sorrow, desirable objects and undesirable
objects Pleasure and displeasure exist, namely, being manifested by
oneself, entering and living; these dhammas have come and gone,
therefore they are called dhammas. ...when the joy and Both regrets
exist and come. One should study for the way of insight, meaning that
even wisdom is called the path of insight. Even the mood of the mind is
called the way of the mind. Even all the dharmas that occur together
with Wisdom is also known as the path of spirituality. Just like the
Noble Path, it\'s called the Noble Path. Just as the deva path is called
the path of devas, just as the path of Brahma is called the path of
Brahma, even insight is called the path of insight. even the mood of
Wisdom is also known as the path of spirituality. Even all dharmas that
arise with wisdom is called the path of wisdom. Thus, there are three
kinds of sikkha in the word that one should study, namely, the precepts,
the sikkha, the sikkha, and the sikkha. 1. What is the reason for
upholding the precepts? In this Dharma and Discipline, a bhikkhu is
virtuous, restrained with composure, in the Patimokkha, complete with
virtuosity and orbiting. There are usually few dangers in all
punishments. Studying in all the precepts, small precepts, great
precepts, precepts are the premise. preliminary in the background to be
conscientious It is caution, it is the mouth, it is the subject of
readiness. Of all the virtuous dharmas, this is called upholding the
precepts. What is the high-spirited sikkha? In this Dhamma and
Discipline, a monk, secluded from sensual pleasures, etc., attains the
Fourth Jhana. This is called Athhi-citta-sikkha. What is the Supreme
Discipline? be wise contains intelligence which leads to birth and
cessation, is the noble, the first of defilements, which leads to the
right end of suffering, that bhikkhu knows as it really is, this is
suffering, etc. and knows as it really is, that these taints, etc., this
practice leading to the cessation of the taints, this is called
Adhipanya Sikkha. doubter One should study for the path of insight, that
is, a person who has doubts, doubts, hesitates in two ways, is not sure,
should study up to the precepts, to uphold the mind, and to attain
wisdom. for the intellect For the sake of clarification, a person, when
thinking of these three precepts, should study it, that is, when he
knows, when he sees, when he considers, when he prays his mind. When he
bows his head in faith, when he maintains perseverance, when he sets his
mind, when he sets his mind, when he knows clearly with wisdom. when you
know the righteousness that should know more When defining knowledge of
the Dharma that should be defined When the dharma should be abandoned
When the Dharma should be developed When enlightening the Dharma that
should be made known, one should study and behave graciously. behave in
a favorable manner Consequently, a person who has doubts should study
for the way of insight. Regarding the dharmas known to the recluse,

[475] which words and dharmas which the recluse had known, and said:
All the dharmas which the recluse knew, had known, considered, compared,
clarified, made manifest, had spoken, had taught, had spoken, had
decreed, had appointed, revealed, had classified, made shallow, had
proclaimed, that was, had known, had known. Contemplated, compared, made
clear, made manifest, uttered, taught, uttered, decreed, decreed,
appointed, revealed, distinguished, clarified, proclaimed that all
things are impermanent. All sankharas are suffering. All dharmas are
selfless. Because avijja is a factor, there is sankhara, etc.; because
birth is a factor, there is old age and death, because of ignorance,
sankhara is extinguished, etc. Because of birth, old age is
extinguished, this is suffering, etc. These taints, etc., this practice
leads to the cessation of the taints. These dharmas should be known.
These dharmas should be known. These dharmas should be abandoned. These
virtues should prosper. These dharmas should be made known of birth,
cessation, grace, guilt, and deceit. Of the six senses of contact, of
the five aggregates of clinging, of the four spirit forms, anything
naturally arises. All things have a natural extinction. look at the
monks We teach the Dharma for higher knowledge, we do not teach the
Dharma for ignorance. We show righteousness for a reason We do not show
dharma for no reason. We preach miracles We do not preach the Dharma,
there is no miracle. look at the monks when we preach for knowledge not
showing dharma for ignorance show dharma for a reason Don\'t teach the
Dharma without cause, show the Dharma with miracles. Not preaching the
Dharma, there is no miracle. You should follow the teachings, you should
follow the congregation. Bhikkhus, you should rejoice and be glad that
the Blessed One is the Lord Buddha. The Dharma is the Dharma. The monks
are already doing good. It\'s when the word is this grammar. which the
Blessed One is speaking The ten thousand-element world is already
shaken, therefore it is called, and which dharmas which the recluse
knew, and therefore said because of that The Blessed One said, Even
these dharmas are anger, liars, and doubt, when both joy and sorrow
arise. doubtful person study for the spiritual path and what virtues
which the recluse was aware of, and therefore said those dharmas When
both joy and sorrow exist, they come. what\'s the story when nothing So
those joys and sorrows have no meaning, that is, non-existence and
existence. Please tell me what is the story, tell me about the cause of
joy and sorrow
[477] The words joy and sorrow What is a fairy tale,
that Buddha Nimit asks, asks, asks, asks, asks, asks, invites him to
show? Let me declare the foundations, etc., Samutai of joy and sorrow
that joy and regret what is a fairy tale; what is born, is born, is
born, is born only, what has appeared; what is a fairy tale, what is a
samutaya, what is a birth? what is the birthplace, therefore it is
called joy and sorrow; what is a fairy tale?
[478] The word when
nothing is Therefore there is no such joy and sorrow, that when
something is not, does not appear, does not enter, there is no joy and
sorrow, neither does it, does not arise, does not arise, does not arise,
therefore it is called that when there is nothing, these joys and
sorrows therefore there is none.
[479] The meaning of that meaning is
non-existence and existence, meaning that there is joy. And what is
sorrow? What is existence, being, being, being born, being born, being
born, being specific, is the manifestation of joy and sorrow? This is
called ecstasy. What is the lack of joy and sorrow? The cessation, the
decline, the break, the disintegration, the impermanence, the
disappearance of joy and sorrow, this is called the lack of joy and
sorrow. \"What is the meaning, what is the greatest value, therefore
what is the meaning, is the absence and the existence.
[480] That word,
in the word, please state that meaning: What is a story for me, the
meaning that I ask, speak, speak, invite, declare, declare. Announcement
Therefore, it is called. Let me declare that meaning \... to me. The
word What is a story What is Samutai? What is a nation There is
something that is born, therefore it is called. Say, say, what is a
fairy tale to me? Because of that. Then the Buddha vision asked: joy and
regret what\'s the story When there is nothing, those joys and sorrows
have no meaning, that is, non-existence and existence. May the Lord
proclaim that meaning: What is a story for me?
[481] (The Blessed One
replied:) Joy and sorrow are fabled, when there is no contact. So those
joys and sorrows have no meaning, that is, non-existence and existence.
Let me tell you the meaning: Yes, this touch is a fairy tale to
you.
[482] The words joy and sorrow There is contact as a fairy tale,
saying that pleasure arises through the contact, which is the place of
happiness, because that feeling, which is the place of pleasure, ceases,
and that feeling that arises from relying on that contact, which is the
place of pleasure, is gone. But that contact ceases, and suffering
arises because of the contact, which is the place of suffering, because
that contact, the place of suffering, ceases. suffering caused by living
The contact, which is the place of suffering that is eaten, is born from
that contact. It was extinguished peacefully. Pleasure arises by relying
on the contact which is the place of suffering. That of all bitterness
and suffering is extinguished. All the pain and suffering that arise
from the touch which is the place of suffering and suffering that arises
from that contact It\'s gone. The words happiness and sorrow There is a
touch of a fairy tale, meaning joy and sorrow. sense of story Have a
sense of Samuthai touch as a nation Touch is the birthplace, therefore
it is called joy and sorrow. having touch is a fairy tale.
[483] The
word when there is no touch Therefore there is no such joy and sorrow,
that when there is no contact, it does not appear, cannot enter. There
is no joy and sorrow, that is, not being, not being born, not being
born, not being born, not being born only, not appearing. Therefore, it
is called that when there is no touch, there is no such joy and sorrow.
The existence of bhavaditthi is good, vibhavaditthi is good, and there
is touch as a fairy tale. The word meaning is of great meaning,
therefore it is called meaning, meaning of non-existence and existence.
485] That word in request. say that There is this sense in a story to
him, meaning that the meaning of which he asks, asks, invites, invites,
tells, announces. The word \"request\" means \"reply, tell, show,
command, appoint, disclose, classify, make shallow, proclaim,\" hence
the name \"I want to tell you that meaning.\" ...to him. This sense is a
fairy tale, this sense is a fairy tale Have a sense of Samuthai touch as
a nation contact is the birthplace, therefore it is called. Let me tell
you that sense, this contact is a fairy tale to him, for that reason The
Blessed One replied, joy and regret sense of story When there is no
touch, those joys and sorrows have no meaning, that is, non-existence
and existence, I tell you that meaning. that this contact is a fairy
tale to Him when nothing Therefore, our perception is nonexistent. When
something does not exist, contact is not correct. As for the cause of
contact ....
[487] What is the meaning of the word \"contact\" in the
world? It means that the Buddha\'s vision has inquired, inquired, asked,
asked to speak, asked to show. May it be contemplated on the basis,
etc., the samudaya of the senses, saying, What is sassa, what is a fairy
tale, that is, born, born with birth, only reborn, what has appeared?
what\'s the nation what is the birthplace, therefore it is called the
touch in the world; what is the story? Samuthai of clinging to all that
What is adherence to: born, born, born, born, only born, only appear,
what is it, what is a fairy tale? What is Samui what\'s the nation What
is the birthplace, therefore what is the name and what clinging comes
from?
[489] The word when there is nothing Therefore, our regard does
not mean that when something does not exist, it does not appear, it does
not enter. My thought, therefore, is not, does not exist, does not
appear, does not enter, that is, my thought, which is abandoned by the
monks, has ceased, is settled, prevents it from arising, is burned, and
is by fire is wisdom. Therefore, our regard is not there.
[490] The
word when something does not exist. So touch is not correct, meaning
that when something is not, it is not passed, it is passed. Therefore,
contact is not correct, therefore it is called when something is not
there. So the senses are not correct. Because of that Then the Buddha
vision asked: What\'s in the world\'s senses? And adherence comes from
nothing. When nothing is not, our esteem is not there. When something
does not have contact, it is not correct.
[491] (The Blessed One
replied that) contact arises. because of the name and image The
adherence has a fable desire. When desire does not exist, our esteem is
nonexistent. when the picture is not there Therefore contact is not
correct.
[492] The word contact arises by means of name and form,
meaning that eye-consciousness arises. By relying on the eye and form,
there are three dharmas, namely eye-form in form and Sampayutta-dhamma
in name, except eye-contact, contact\--contact arises through name and
form. Spirit arises through ears and sounds. There are three kinds of
dharma assemblies, namely ears and sound in form and sampayutta in noun.
Aside from auditory-contact, touch\--contact arises through name and
form, and thus arises through the nose and smell. The three dhammas are
the nose, smell in the form, and the Sampayutta-dhamma in the noun.
Aside from ghana-contact, contact-contact arises by virtue of name. And
even form like this. The craving for the spirit arises through the
tongue and the taste, the meeting of three things: the tongue, the taste
in the form, and the sampayutta in the name except the
chihuahua-contact, the touch; the sensation arises by relying on the
name and even form. It arises through the body and the touch. The three
dharmas are convened, namely, the body, the touch, in the form and the
sampayuttha in the name, except the body-contact, the contact. The
contact arises through the name and the form. Mind-soul arises through
the mind and the dharma. The three dharmas are form and material part;
all dharmas that have form in form and fairness in the noun part Aside
from mind-contact, contact-contact, contact arises because of name and
form even this way. Concerning clinging and desire as the root cause

[493] The word clinging has desire is a fairy tale, meaning that
craving is called desire, i.e. lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha Lobha
Akulasumul. This is called adherence, which is clinging to two things:
clinging to one\'s desire, one clinging to one\'s view, etc. This is
called clinging to lust, etc. This is called clinging to one\'s view.
Clings have desires as fairy tales, meaning that all clings have a
desire for a fairy tale Desire as a cause, desire as a factor have a
desire Desire is the birthplace, therefore it is called adherence to
desire as a fairy tale.
[494] The word when desire is not Therefore,
our view does not mean that lust is called desire, namely lust, saraga,
etc. Abhijha, lobha, and kusala-mullah. It is called our view, which is
our view, which is our view, the two things: one\'s lust, one\'s view.
This is called our lusts, this is our lusts. with a view. The word when
the desire does not exist Therefore, our view does not mean that when
desire does not exist, does not appear, does not enter. Therefore, our
beliefs are nonexistent, unseen, inaccessible, that is, our esteems,
which are abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevented from arisen,
are burned out, and are burned by fire, which is wisdom. Therefore, our
regard is not. Regarding the 4 Great Elemental Forms
[495] the word
form in the word when form does not exist. Therefore, contact is not
correct, namely, the Great Elemental Form, 4. The Four Forms of the
Great Elemental Form: When form does not exist, form does not exist for
four reasons: by knowledge, by contemplation, by abandon, by
transgression. Form does not exist by knowing. How? A recluse knows
form, that is, he knows, he sees that form is all gone. Form is the four
great elements, the four great elements are not formed by this
knowledge. How does form not exist by considering? picture like this So
he contemplates form, considering it as impermanent, as suffering, as a
disease, as a boil, as an arrow, as an affliction, as an affliction,
something else, as damaged, as miserable, as a sin, as a danger, as an
obstacle, as a trembling, as a broken thing. is unsustainable It\'s
something that has no objection. It is something that has no hidden
place. It\'s defenseless, it\'s empty, it\'s empty, it\'s lost, it\'s
soulless, it\'s harmful, it\'s worthless. change to normal It\'s
something that doesn\'t matter. is the root of suffering as an assassin,
belonging, without prosperity belonging to an assava It is the reason
for the improvement a victim of the devil, belonging to a common nation
It\'s normal for old people. It is common to have parasites. It is the
nature of death, it is the nature of sorrow, sorrow, bodily pain,
heartache and resentment, it is the nature of sorrow. It is the origin
of suffering, it is vanishing, it is something that leads to
enchantment, it is attained, it is nissarana, form does not exist by
this consideration. How does form do not exist by abandoning it? to the
absence of later which I understand in the form. It is as true as the
Blessed One said. look at the monks In what form do I enlighten you,
leave me ignorant? I know that it will be yours. There is already a cut
off value. Why is there a location like Tan Yod Duan? to the absence of
later There is no further occurrence. In this way, form is not formed by
this neglect. How is form not formed by transgression? He who attains
the four immaterial beings is formless, that is, formless, transcended,
transgressed, transcended, transcended. Form does not exist by such
transgression. Form does not exist by these four reasons. when the
picture is not there Therefore, contact is not correct, meaning that
when form is not, is not, has passed, has transcended, has passed, the
five senses, namely eye-contact, ear-contact, ghar-contact,
chi-wha-contact, and body-contact, are not correct; therefore, when form
is not there. So the senses are not correct. Because of that The Blessed
One said, Sense arises through name and form. An adherence has a desire
as a fairy tale when desire is nonexistent. Therefore, our premise does
not exist. when the picture is not there Therefore, contact is not
correct.
[496] (The Buddha\'s vision asked) How does a person walk?
There is no form, besides, how can there be no happiness or suffering?
There is no such image for any reason. Please tell me that. I had
intended that How do you know?
[497] The words when a person walks?
Form does not mean that when a person walks, how does one act? How to
change one\'s posture? How to act? How to maintain? How to heal? is
transcended, transcended, therefore it is said that when a person walks,
there is no form.
[498] How does the word \"besides\" be \"happy\" and
\"painful\"? \"There is no happiness, no pain, neither is it, nor is it
transcended. How does it pass?\" Therefore it is called Furthermore,
there is no happiness and suffering. How?.
[499] There is no such word
in the word form, for any reason. Say it to me: Whatever I ask, speak,
invite, show, let it be conferred. Therefore, that is the name. The word
\"speak to me\" is what speaks, speaks, commands, appoints, reveals,
classifies, shallows, proclaims to me. Therefore, it is called Speak
\... to me. Form does not exist by any means; that is, form does not
exist, does not pass away, transcends, transcends; therefore, form does
not exist for any reason. Please say that to me.
[500] The word will
know that. to know, that is, to know, to know, to be enlightened, to
know will stab all the way, therefore it is called knowing that. I have
made up my mind, that I have set my mind, I have made up my mind, I have
made up my mind. will know that. Because of that the Buddha vision
therefore asked How does a person walk? There is no form. Besides, how
is there no happiness and suffering? There is no form and so on. Please
tell me that, Lord, I intend to know that.
[501] (The Blessed One
replied that) A person is not a contract holder by a normal contract.
Not a contract holder by an abnormal contract Neither one is without a
contract nor one without a contract; when one goes this way, form does
not exist, because the part of slow nature There is a contract as a
fairy tale.
[502] The word that a person is not a contract person by a
normal contract. Those who are not contracted by ordinary contracts,
that those people are established by normal contracts. Those people are
called those who have contracts by normal contracts. Those people are
not established by normal contracts. Those people are insane. and who
have a distracted mind. Those people are called those who have promised
by unusual contracts. that person is not crazy Neither is a person with
a distracted mind; therefore, a person is not a contract person by
normal contract not being contracted by Abnormal contract.
[503] The
word is not a person without a contract. and are not free from promises,
meaning that those who enter into anger and are ungrateful; those are
called uncontracted. That person is not one who enters the savagery.
Neither is an anesthetic animal. 4 those who are impermanent are called
\"uncontracted people\"; that person is not immortal; therefore they are
called \"uncontracted persons\" and He is not without a promise.
[504]
The word, when a person proceeds in this way, has no form, means a monk
in this Dharma and Discipline. attaining the fourth jhana, etc., because
of the abandonment of happiness, that monk, when the mind is
concentrated, is pure, bright, free from defilements, free from
defilements, weak, worthy of work, steadfast in its unshakableness.
tends to incline for the benefit of obtaining a sacrament One who is in
harmony with the Dharma is the path of formlessness. When a person
proceeds in this way, that is, he practices, changes his posture,
conducts, maintains, maintains and heals. Thus, form does not exist,
does not transcend, transcends, transcends. therefore there is no form.
Regarding the dharma that is slow. There is a contract as a fairy tale,
which means that Dharma is the source of delay, that is, craving,
ditthi, mana is the truth; there is a fairy-tale promise; There is a
promise as the birthplace, therefore it is called because of the Dharma
part. It\'s a slow machine. There is a contract as a fairy tale. Because
of that The Blessed One said, A person is not a contract holder by a
normal contract. He is neither a contractual person by an abnormal
contract, nor a contract-free person, nor a contract-free person. When a
person proceeds in this way, form does not exist, because the part of
the Dharma is delayed. There is a promise as a fairy tale.
[506] (The
Buddha\'s vision asked) What dharma I have inquired of, You\
have proclaimed it to me. I will ask the Dharma the other part Invite
him to preach the Dharma. Some ascetics and brahmins claim to be sages
in this world. would speak of the purity of giants With this imperfect
form? whether it is the supreme Dharma, or some ascetics and brahmins
say otherwise than this impersonal form.
[507] What dharma have I asked
He proclaimed the dharma to I, that I have asked, that I ask you to
speak, invite you to show, what dharma do you bestow. Thou hast taught
me the dharma, that thou hast uttered it, uttered, decreed, decreed,
appointed, revealed, classified, purified, has proclaimed it to me;
therefore, whatever dharma I have inquired of, You have proclaimed it to
me. to you. I invite you to speak and tell the Dharma, meaning that I
ask you, that is, I ask you to speak, I invite you to show me, I ask you
to give me the rest of the Dharma, I will ask you more and more Dhamma.
I invite you to preach that Dharma, that is, I invite you to speak,
direct, show, command, appoint, reveal, classify, make shallow, proclaim
that Dharma. Therefore, it is my name. Invite His Highness to preach
that Dharma. Concerning purity and impermanence. would say Purely of
giants with this form or not? as the supreme Dharma, that some ascetics
and brahmins would say, tell, speak, express (purity) that this is the
supreme Dharma, the sublime, the supreme, the presiding, supreme bowon,
with such imperfect form? The person, the living, the born, the beast,
the karma, the human being. The word purification is purification,
supreme purity, excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation. The word
for claiming to be a sage in this world is one who says that one is a
sage. who said that he was a nobleman who say that he has wisdom speaker
speaker by appearance speaker speaker In this world by their own
doctrine, hence the name, some ascetics and brahmins claim to be sages.
In this world, do they speak of the purification of giants with their
imperfections? that it is the supreme Dharma. to say otherwise This
impermanence, saying, or that some ascetics and brahmins, transgressed,
transgressed, transgressed, these impermanent states speak, speak,
speak, show light, purity, excellence, transcendence, transcendence,
transcendence, liberation of other giants. that is, more than this
non-formal form, hence the name, or some brahmins ascetics say purity
other than this image. Then the Buddha vision asked: What dharma have I
asked? You have proclaimed the dharma to me. I would like to ask you the
rest of the Dharma. Invite you to preach that Dharma. and some brahmins
claiming to be graduates in the world would speak of the purity of
giants with imperfect Like this or not that is excellent or some
brahmins uttering purity other than this immaterial.
[511] (The
Blessed One replied:) Some ascetics and brahmins claim to be sages in
this world. would speak of the purity of giants With such impermanence,
this is the supreme Dharma. Some of those recluses and brahmins, some
other brahmins, claim to be wise. speaks of peace in Anupatises.
[512]
the words are some recluses and brahmins. Claiming to be a scholar in
this world will speak. All of the giants with this form as the supreme
Dharma, that there are certain recluses and brahmins The one who speaks
uprightness speaks, speaks, speaks, expresses (purity) as the supreme,
sublime, supreme, presiding, supreme being, with this impermanence. The
word giant is of the beings, the people, the people, the man, the
person, the living, the born beings. The person who has karma. The word
purification is excellence, excellence, excellence, liberation,
excellence, liberation. The word claiming to be a graduate in this
world, that is to say that he is a graduate who said that he was a
nobleman who say that he has wisdom speaker speaker by appearance
speaker He who speaks by position, in this world, by his own doctrine,
is therefore called, some ascetics and brahmins claim to be sages. that
it is the supreme Dharma. Some other recluses and brahmins, claiming to
be wise, speak of peace in Anupadises, saying, \"Those recluses and
brahmins Some ascetics and brahmins who speak of cessation, fear of the
world, rejoice in the absence of existence; they say peace, that is, the
serenity, the silence, the cessation of beings, saying, \"The wise one
hears that this one, because of the rupture of the body, is broken.\"
perishing, perishing, there is no precedent, but death. claiming to be
wise means to say that one is wise said he was a graduate said that he
was a nobleman say that he has insight, he who speaks by cause, who
speaks by nature speaker speaker by their own doctrine, therefore they
are called one of the brahmins Some other ascetics and brahmins,
claiming to be wise, speak of peace in Anupadises. Therefore, the
Blessed One said: and some brahmins Claims to be a graduate in this
world. would say All of the giants with this form as the supreme Dharma,
those recluses and brahmins some other brahmins claim to be smart speaks
peace in Anupatises. know those brahmins that One who is astounded,
enters and resides, and knows that one has a view as his dwelling place.
Knowing, being liberated, he does not come to quarrels; a wise man does
not reach the world of the great and small world.
[515] Words that
those, in the words known as those brahmins is the one who is
indifferent to dwell, meaning that those ascetics and brahmins who walk
with views is the one who dwells in view, that the muni knows, knows,
considers, compares, makes it clear that He is a person who has lived in
peace. He is a person who has dwelt He has lived in a state of
unsatisfactory and upright disposition, therefore he is known to those
ascetics and brahmins that a person who is indifferent to
dwelling.
[516] Name Muni. One who possesses a view that relies on
wisdom, called Mona, etc., transgressing the Dharma as its affiliation,
and lusting just as such, that person\'s name is Muni. those brahmins is
a person who has lived One who resides in a state of exaltation, a
person who is indifferent and uplifted. A muni who is wise, is wise,
wise, knowledgeable, insightful, enlightened. Has the wisdom to destroy
defilements, therefore it is called a muni. The word \'know,
surpassed\', does not come to quarrel, meaning knowing, knowing,
considering, comparing, enlightening, enlightened, liberated, liberated,
escaping, escaping, escaping. because they do not hold on to one part,
that is, knowing, knowing, considering, comparing them to be clear,
making it clear that All things are impermanent. All sankharas are
suffering, all dharmas are non-self, etc. Anything naturally arises. All
things are naturally quenched, thus they are liberated, swept away,
surpassed, swept away by supreme liberation, because they do not cling
to a single part, therefore it is called Known, Unextended. not to
quarrel, meaning not to quarrel do not discord don\'t argue Not
quarreling, not making commitments. As the Blessed One said, See
Acquivessana A bhikkhu whose mind has been completely freed in this way
does not argue with anyone. would not quarrel with anyone No matter what
he speaks in the world, the monk does not hold on to it, therefore it is
known that, having known and gone, there is no quarrel.
[518] The word
\"big and small\" in the word \"virtuous\" does not reach perfect in the
small world and in the great world, it does not come ready. does not
arrive ready, does not take, does not cling, does not cling to, in the
small and great worlds, that is, in karma and volition. In karma, it is
the object of birth in the sensual world. In vipavatana is the birthing
machine in the sensual world. In karma, it is a machine that is born in
the form. In vipavatā it is a machine that is born in the form; in Karma
it is a machine that is born in the non-formal world. In vipakhava is
the machine of birth in the non-formal existence, in frequent birth. in
frequent in frequent access in frequent fertilization, in frequent
occurrence of self. The word wise is wise, wise, knowledgeable, wise,
enlightened. Has the wisdom to destroy defilements, therefore it is
called a wise man, not ready in the big and small worlds. The Blessed
One said, The Muni had the wisdom to contemplate those brahmins, saying:
One who is elusive, enters and resides, and knows that one has a view to
dwell on, having known, being freed from supremacy, he does not reach
quarrels, is a noble man, is not ready in the great and small worlds. As
follows. The end of the 11th sorcerer. ---------------
Chulawiyuhasuttanitas the 12th
[519] (Phra Buddhanimit asked) There
are some recluses and brahmins. be around in their views hold that view
Claiming to be a wise person, saying things like this, whoever knows
this That person is known to be Dharma. Whoever opposes this Dharma Is
that person called imperfect?
[520] The word circumstance in one\'s
view means that there are certain ascetics and brahmins. who walks with
a view Some ascetics and brahmins hold, hold, hold, hold on, hold on to
any one of the 62 views. The name lies, coexisting, coexisting, living
around in one\'s view. It is like a householder who resides in a house,
whose name resides in the house. or those who have sinned name in
penance or those who have passion The name is in the passion The name is
in defilements, therefore, therefore it is called circumspection in
one\'s view.
[521] The word holds in that view Claiming to be a wise
person, saying things like hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold. to say
otherwise, to say a lot, not to speak, not to say, not to tell, not to
show, not to make a single statement. claiming to be wise means to
claiming to be wise claiming to be a graduate Claiming to be a wise man,
claiming to be an intellectual claim oneself by reason claim oneself by
appearance claim oneself by chance claim oneself as by one\'s own
doctrine, therefore it is called to hold that view claiming to be wise
speak differently.
[522] The word that any person knows this That
person is known as the Dharma; whoever knows the Dharma, that is, the
view, this path, is known, seen, and pierced through the Dharma;
therefore, he who knows this way. that person\'s name know the Dharma.
That person is still imperfect, that is, whoever opposes this Dharma,
that is, the Ditthi, the Patipada, this Path is still incomplete, not
complete, not complete, that is, vile, depraved, obscene, filthy, and
inferior. Therefore, whoever opposes this Dharma that person\'s name is
still not perfect. Because of that, the Buddha\'s vision therefore asked
some brahmins who is omniscient in his views, holds his view, and claims
himself to be a wise man, saying things like this, whoever knows this,
is known as the Dharma; whoever opposes this Dhamma Is that person
called imperfect?
[524] (The Buddha\'s vision further asked:) Some
ascetics and brahmins, who hold such views, will quarrel and say that
others are foolish and unwise. Which words are true? all these each
claiming to be wise. If you hold a view like this, you will quarrel,
meaning that some ascetics and brahmins hold, hold, hold, hold, hold on,
hold on, hold on to this view, they will quarrel, that is, to quarrel;
To make a strife, to make a quarrel, to make a malice that you do not
know this Dharma and Discipline, etc. If you can, therefore, they are
called ascetic and brahmins.
[526] Words and sayings that others are
foolish and not wise means saying, saying, speaking, expressing,
declaring in this way that others are foolish, vile, depraved, filthy,
filthy, lowly, unwise, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, dull.
Therefore he was named and said, \"Other people are foolish and not
wise. Which words are true? Which words of these ascetic and brahmins
are true, true, true, and not perverted, therefore they are called these
words of ascetics and brahmins. Which words are true?
[528] The words
because of all these recluses Each claimed to be wise, meaning that all
these brahmins each claiming to be wise Claiming to be a scholar,
claiming to be a wise man, claiming to be an intellectual claim oneself
by reason claim oneself by appearance They claim themselves by their
circumstances, their status, their own creeds, therefore they are called
because all these ascetics and brahmins claim themselves to be wise.
Then the Buddha vision asked: some brahmins arguing with this view, one
would quarrel and say that others are foolish and ignorant. Which words
are true? Because of these recluses and brahmins All of them claim to be
wise.
[529] (The Blessed One replied:) I do not allow other people\'s
dharma. Others are rascals, lewds, of wicked intelligence, all brahmins,
rascals, and degenerates. All these brahmins There is circumstance in
view.
[530] The word does not allow the Dharma of others means that it
is not permissible, doesn\'t see it, doesn\'t approve, doesn\'t approve
of it. The Dhamma is another person\'s ditthi, Patipada, Path.
Therefore, it is called not allowing another person\'s Dharma.
[531]
The other person is a bully, obscene, has bad intelligence, means that
others are bully, vile, depraved, filthy, humiliated, with bad
intelligence, impure intelligence, impure intelligence, dirty
intelligence, low intelligence, therefore others are foolish, obscene.
Wisdom is bad. All these brahmins and brahmins are foolish, filthy,
filthy, filthy, shoddy, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, filthy, filthy,
ignorant, therefore all brahmins are delusional. There is a
deteriorating intelligence.
[533] All these contemplative and brahmins
There is circumstance in view, meaning that all these ascetics and
brahmins a person who walks with a view Those ascetics and brahmins
hold, hold, hold, hold, hold on to one of the 62 views. The name lives,
coexist, coexist, surrounds in one\'s view, like a householder. The name
is in the house The venerable monks, whose name is guilty, are in guilt.
or those who have passion The name is in defilement, therefore all
recluses and brahmins are called. There is surrounding in the view.
Because of that The Blessed One replied, I do not allow other people\'s
dharma. Others are bullies, lewds, intelligent, bad, and all brahmins. A
fool with deteriorating intelligence, all these ascetics and brahmins.
There is circumstance in view.
[534] If the ascetics and brahmins were
pure because of their views He is wise, pure, wise, knowledgeable. Of
those brahmins and recites, none of them would be ignorant around them.
because the view is natural even those brahmins So if one is pure
because of one\'s viewpoint, one who is pure because of one\'s
viewpoint, if one is pure because of his own view, is one who is pure
because of his own view.
[536] The word \"completely wise, wise,
knowledgeable\" means \"completely wise, possessing excellent
intelligence.\" There is pure intelligence all around. brilliant There
is a bright intelligence. is a purely opinionated person There is a
purely wonderful opinion. There are purely opinions around. have a
bright opinion He has a clear view, therefore he is called wise. The
word wise means one who is wise, wise, wise, knowledgeable, insightful
Has wisdom to destroy defilements. Therefore, it is called a person who
has complete wisdom. The word \"knowledge\" means one who is
knowledgeable, wise, wise, enlightened, enlightened, enlightened, wise,
destroying defilements, therefore he is called wise, wise,
knowledgeable. \"Those recluses and brahmins, none of them will be
ignorant around them, that none of those recluses and brahmins will be
ill-witted, ill-witted, sly-wise, filthy-witted, filthy-witted,
sly-wise. one more thing all brahmins will be wise with sublime wisdom,
super wisdom, presiding wisdom, supreme wisdom, supreme wisdom, hence
the name of those recluses and brahmins, no one will be wise.
[538]
The word, because view is the nature of which those ascetics and
brahmins take such completeness, that is, that view is the nature which
those recluses and brahmins hold, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on,
hold on, hold on to it, therefore they are called because view is the
nature of meditation Those brahmins took such abundance. The Blessed One
replied, If the ascetics and brahmins were pure because of their views
He is wise, pure, wise, knowledgeable. Of those brahmins and recites,
none of them would be ignorant around them. because view is the nature
of meditation even those brahmins take fullness like that. I don\'t say
That view is true The ascetics and brahmins made their views as true;
therefore, the recluses and brahmins saw others as liars. It is a
rejection term. The word \"ditthi\" is \"ditthi 62\", therefore I do not
say, declare, dictate, appoint, disclose, classify, shallow; declare
that view 62 as true, true, true, true, not perverted, therefore I do
not say that view is true.
[541] The word \"couple\" in the word
\"couple\" said about each other as fools, meaning that two people are
two people who quarrel. Two people who make a commitment to each other
Two people who made a scandal two people quarreling Two people who
recite each other, two people, who speak together, two people who talk
to each other. Those couples say, tell, speak, and make statements about
each other like this: You are a fool, vile, atrocious, filthy, filthy,
humiliated, hence the name couple. what views each other as
fools.
[542] The words that the ascetics and brahmins have made their
views as true; that the ascetics and brahmins have made their views as
true, claiming that the world is eternal. this is true Anything else,
the world is impermanent, this is true. Nothing else, etc. An animal, at
death, cannot live again, it cannot exist again, this is true. Other
things are vain, therefore they are called ascetics and brahmins who
have made their views true.
[543] So the recluses and brahmins seeing
other people as bullies, meaning that because of that Because of that,
one sees, that is, to see, to look, to look, to look, to contemplate, to
consider others as foolish, wicked, depraved, filthy, and lowly;
therefore, that is why. So the ascetics and brahmins saw others as
bullies. Therefore, the Blessed One replied, What couples say to each
other that they are bullies I don\'t say That view is true The recluses
and brahmins made their views as true; therefore, the recluses and
brahmins saw others as fools. Others said that the Dhamma was not false.
If they hold a view even like this, then they quarrel with each other.
For what reason do the recluses and brahmins not say the same thing?

[545] The word that some recluse and brahmins say the truth is true,
that is, a certain ascetic and brahmin speaks, speaks, speaks, speaks,
proclaims the Dharma. That is, ditthi, patipada, any way like this, that
this Dharma is true, true, true, true, not perverted, therefore it is
called some ascetic and brahmin. Whatever dharma they say is true.

[546] The word ascetics and brahmins, although others say the Dharma,
is not false. Other ascetics and brahmins speak, speak, speak, show, and
proclaim the Dhamma, that is, the DITHI, the Patipada, the Path. No,
false, not true, nonsense, not true, therefore they are called ascetics
and brahmins, although others say that dharma is not false.
[547] hold
this view and then they quarreled, saying that these ascetics and
brahmins, that is, to hold, to hold, to hold, to hold on make sure make
a difference to quarrel You do not know this Dharma and Discipline,
etc., or amend it in order to remove the word. If you are able, then
they are called brahmins. Even with this view, they argue.
[548] In
the words why, in the word why, the recluses and brahmins do not speak.
It is the same, that because of circumstance, causes, factors, tales,
tales, lands, births, and realms, they do not say the same thing, that
is, they say different things, say many things, say many other words,
speak, speak, express many statements, therefore they are called because
of cause. However, the ascetics and brahmins did not say the same thing.
because of that the Buddha vision therefore asked What do some ascetics
and brahmins say is true? even brahmins Others say that dharma is not
false. Those recluses and brahmins held such a view, and they quarreled
with each other. For what reason did the recluses and brahmins say no?
the same way.
[549] (The Blessed One replied:) Whatever truth is known
among the beings? do not quarrel There is only one truth, not two.
Showing off various truths because of that So those brahmins Saying the
same thing. There is only one truth.
[550] There is only one truth. It
does not have two things. Nirvana is the cessation of suffering, which
is the serenity of all phenomena. renunciation of all possessions The
cessation of craving, the regurgitation of it, the cessation of it, the
release of it is a ligature. The Path of Truth is called the only truth.
In other words, the Noble Eightfold Path: right view, right intention,
right negotiation, right action, right livelihood, right effort, right
mindfulness, right intention. It is called the only truth. Therefore, it
is called the truth. There is only one. There are not two things.
[551]
Which word in a group of beings knows the truth? Do not quarrel about
any truth. The word Paja is the name of an animal, a group of beings,
all-knowing, all-knowing, omniscient, omnipotent, all-knowing, no matter
what truth, there should be no quarreling. Do not make any sense Not to
cause strife, not to quarrel, not to offend each other, that is, to
refrain from, alleviate, and put an end to the absence of quarrels,
meanings to each other. quarrels, quarrels, malices with each other,
therefore, what is the name of a group of beings that know the truth? Do
not quarrel with each other.
[552] The words that those ascetics and
brahmins boasted of various truths, that they were boasting, speaking,
telling, proclaiming, proclaiming various truths, saying that the world
is eternal, only this is true. Everything else is empty, the world is
not eternal, etc., but the animal before him dies. Surely it can\'t be
again. would not be again only this is true Other things are vain.
Therefore, they are called brahmins and ascetics, who boast of various
truths. So those brahmins Saying the same thing, because of that reason,
that is, because of events, causes, factors, stories, those ascetics and
brahmins do not say the same thing, saying many things, saying many
other words, saying, telling, speaking, expressing, making many
statements. Therefore, these ascetics and brahmins did not say the same
thing. The Blessed One said, No matter how many beings know the truth
without quarreling, there is only one truth, not two. boasting of
various truths, because of that, those ascetics and brahmins therefore
did not say the same thing.
[554] (The Buddha\'s vision asked again)
Why? So he said various truths, that is, he claimed to be a wise man,
affirmed many truths. It is the truth that the ascetics and brahmins
have heard. or those brahmins He remembers himself.
[555] The word for
what reason, in the word for what reason? So the recluses and brahmins
Saying various truths, what is the reason? What is the reason? So the
ascetic and brahmin spoke many truths, saying many things, saying many
things, saying, telling, speaking, expressing so much. Saying various
truths.
[556] The word affirmation in the word is one who claims to be
wise. affirming many truths, saying too much, that is why they say
affirmations; on the other hand, these ascetics and brahmins say
affirmation, that is, say, speak, show, proclaim, stating that the world
is eternal, this is true. Nothing else, the world is impermanent, etc.
An animal before death can never live again. would not be again this is
true nothing else. one who claims to be wise, that is to say he is wise
said he was a graduate said that he was a nobleman said that he was
intellect, said that he spoke by reason said that he spoke in a manner
said that he spoke by circumstance said that he spoke as By his own
doctrine, therefore, he is known as one who claims to be wise.
[557] It
is many different truths. many different truths Many other things,
therefore it is called the truth which the recluses and brahmins have
heard. There are many different truths.
[558] The words, or those
brahmins reminisce about themselves, that, or those brahmins ascetics
move on, move on, go with thought, with thought, and with thought, even
For this reason they are called, or that those brahmins are remembered.
Think for yourself. Another one. Those recluses and brahmins speak,
dictate, speak, express, proclaim the truths that they have gathered
with thought. which oneself contemplates with contemplation which one
knows, even for this reason, therefore they are called, or those
brahmins That\'s why the Buddha vision therefore asked For what reason?
The ascetics and brahmins spoke various truths, namely, claiming to be
wise. confirm many truths It is true that they Brahmins have heard Are
many different truths, or are those ascetics and brahmins
self-conscious?
[559] (The Blessed One replied) We can\'t have each
other, except for certain truths. with a promise in the world The
ascetics and brahmins have already meditated on all views. Said the
Dharma in two ways: My words are true, your words are false. There is no
such thing as many truths, many things, many others, not at all.
Therefore, it is called truth that is infinitely different, there are
none.
[561] The word, except the truth that is certain by the promise
in the world, means that refraining from the truth that hold It is said
that the only truth that the sage speaks, speaks, manifests and declares
in the world is dukkha nirodha, nirvana, peace in all things.
renunciation of all possessions lust The regurgitation of craving, the
cessation of it, the release of it is a ligature. On the other hand,
Machasacca Niyayanaccha, i.e. Dukkha Nirodha Gamine Patipada, i.e. the
Noble Eightfold Path, namely the Eightfold Path, namely approval, etc.,
the right determination is called the only truth; therefore, except the
truth that is certain with the covenant in the world. The words that the
recluses and brahmins, having thought of them in their views, uttered
the dharma in two ways: My words are true, your words are false, that
the recluses and brahmins have meditated. To arise, to be born, to be
born, to be born And having said, said, spoken, expressed, and made a
statement like this: \"My words are true, your words are false;
therefore, they are called, as the ascetics and brahmins have figured it
out in their views. Said the Dhamma in two ways: My words are true, your
words are false. The Blessed One replied, many things can\'t have each
other Except for certain truths, with the promises in the world, the
ascetics and brahmins have conceived in all views. He said the dharma in
two ways: My words are true, your words are false.
[563] Lord of these
dharmas relies on the visible form, the heard sound, the sacrament, or
the perceived emotion. is a person who shows disrespect to others and
located in Thitthi already diagnosed cheerful said others are bullies
Not wise. Chao Ditthi shows disrespect to others.
[564] The word lord
ditthi relies on these dharmas: sights, sounds, sounds, morals, or known
emotions. who shows disdain for others, that is, the Lord Ditthi dwells,
dwells in, holds, clings, clings to the seen form, purification of the
seen form. Some sounds are heard, some are pure due to the sounds, some
are morals, some are pure due to the virtues, some are observances, some
are pure due to the rules. some known emotions Purity is due to some
known emotions, hence the name: visible form, heard sound, sacrament, or
known emotion. By virtue of these dharmas, he is the one who disrespects
others, that is, the lord of view is disrespectful, even for that reason
he is called a person of disdain. also saddened to be born Even for that
reason, he is called a blasphemer. Therefore, he is called a lord of
view based on these dharmas: sights, sounds, sounds, precepts, or known
emotions. He is the one who shows contempt for others.
[565] The word
\"established in view is judged and rejoiced\" means that the 62 things
of view are called judges. is in the view as judged. The word cheerful
is one who is happy, laughing, cheerful, contented, full of ideas.
Laughing until teeth appear, hence the name is located in the view.

[566] The word stating that others are foolish and unwise means
saying, telling, speaking, showing, declaring in such a way that the
other person is foolish, vile, depraved, filthy, filthy, ignorant,
ignorant, ignorant, has no insight, has no intelligence, has Wisdom is
evil, therefore it is said that others are fools. Not smart. Because of
that The Blessed One replied, Lord Ditthi relies on these dharmas:
visible forms, heard voices, precepts, or perceived emotions. a person
who disrespects others and standing in view, being judged, rejoicing,
saying that others are fools Not wise. and referred to him as therefore
wise Lord Ditthi boasts that he is wise by himself and insults others.
and say the same thing. Chao Ditthi sees other people as fools.
[568]
The term Chao Ditthi sees another person as fools. Meaning that Lord
Ditthi sees, sees, looks, looks, contemplates, contemplates other
people. By being foolish, depraved, lewd, obscene, dirty, inferior, for
whatever reason, which is the cause, the cause is the realm of birth.
Therefore, it is called Chao Ditthi who sees another person as a fool.
Therefore, it means that one is called Atma. said of him We are wise,
wise, wise, knowledgeable, wise, wise. There is wisdom to destroy
defilements, that is, because of the circumstances, the realm of birth,
hence the name, and thus refer to oneself as a wise man.
[570] that
boasts that he is wise by himself, that is, that he is a graduate
Pretend to be a nobleman Pretend to be an intellectual Pretend to speak
for a reason Pretend to speak by appearance Pretend to speak by
circumstance Claiming to speak by status, by one\'s own doctrine, hence
the name Ditthi boasts that he is wise by himself.
[571] The word
insults others. and saying the same thing, saying that because of
disrespect, he is said to despise another person. Because of the sorrow
that arises, it is said that he despise another person. and saying the
same thing, saying that such view even for the following reasons This
person is a hypocrite. having a perverted view, therefore it is said
that he despise another person and speaks the same way. The Blessed One
replied, Chao Thitthi sees another person as a bully for what reason?
and referred to himself as a so smart Lord Ditthi boasts that he is wise
by himself and insults others. and said the same thing.
[572] a person
who is complete (Ditthi over essence) is a drunkard with arrogance. full
of arrogance wed ourselves by heart because the view of the lord of
ditthi is so perfect. He is complete with atisaraditthi, that is, 62
kinds of views are called atisarthi, and why? 62 things are called
atisarthi. For that reason, there are 62 kinds of views, which are
called Atisara-ditthi. For what reason? Those lusts transgress,
transgress, overstep each other, bring forth views, to be born, to be
born, to be born only. because of that Therefore all the hearts are
called is a person who has autism. Lord Ditthi is complete, meaning he
is completely complete, not flawed with utisara-ditthi, hence the name:
Lord Ditthi is complete with utisarn-ditthi.
[574] The word drunkenness
having a full circumspection means being intoxicated, drunken, drunken,
drunken Because of his view, he is called drunk with arrogance. The word
possessiveness means that one is fully conceited, possessing complete
ego, without deficiencies, therefore it is called one who is drunk with
ego.
[575] The word \"wishes oneself with the heart\" means that one
will marry oneself with the mind that we are wise, wise, wise,
knowledgeable, insightful, enlightened. Wisdom destroys defilements,
therefore it is called Abhisek self by heart.
[576] The word because of
your view is so perfect, that view of yours is so perfect. That is, a
view that the ruler of that view has given, held, held, held, held,
enthralled, henceforth, therefore called that the view of the lord of
that view was perfect. Therefore, the Exalted One replied, that lord a
person who is complete being drunk with arrogance full of arrogance wed
ourselves by heart because of that view so complete.
[577] That person
is a person who has Wisdom along with others one more thing If a person
is Vedic, a wise man, anyone among the recluses and brahmins
[578] If
a person is bad because of the words of others, that is, if another
person is a bully, wicked, lewd, filthy, inferior, because of the word,
because of the word, because of gossip, criticize, inferior to that of
the people. others, therefore it is called, if a person is evil by other
people\'s words.
[579] The word that person is wise along with others
means even that person is ill-witted, ill-witted, has Low intelligence,
unclean intelligence, unclean intelligence, low intelligence, along with
other people, hence the name that person is ignorant. along with that
other person.
[580] Another word If a person is magic a wise man
himself knows that a person is a wise man, a wise man, a wise man,
knowledgeable, wise, enlightened. Wisdom to destroy defilements,
therefore, it is called another. If a person is magic a wise man
himself.
[581] The word anyone among the recites That is, no one among
the recluses and brahmins is foolish, vile, depraved, obscene, filthy,
inferior, that is, all people. will be wise He has great wisdom, great
wisdom, great wisdom, great wisdom, great wisdom, hence the name that no
one among the recluses and brahmins is a fool. The Blessed One said, if
a person is a bad person because of other people\'s words That person is
a person who has Wisdom along with others On the other hand, if a person
is Vedic, a virtuous person, anyone among the recluses and brahmins
would not be foolish.
[582] Whoever praises a dharma other than this
one, those will err on the way of purification. being imperfect The wise
will say Even so, by being very stubborn for the wise are delighted with
great joy. determined because of one\'s views.
[583] Whoever praises a
dharma other than this one will err on the path of purification. who are
imperfect, that those who glorify the Dharma, that is, view, and
practice, the way other than this Dhamma, those who stumble, fall,
stumble, stray the path of purification. the path of excellence the way
of purity all round the way of whiteness the way of whiteness all around
Name missed from Arhat being imperfect Not full, not complete, that is,
vile, depraved, filthy, filthy, and lowly, therefore those who glorify a
dharma other than this one, those who stray from the path of
absoluteness, are imperfect. tha
[584] The word wise people say this
with great views, meaning that ditthi is called Tittha. Chao Thitthi is
called Wise people speak, speak, speak, show, proclaim, which is very
astute with a great view, therefore they are called wise men speak even
this with a very astute view. who rejoice with lust because of one\'s
views, saying, those who rejoice with lust because of their own views,
therefore are called because those who rejoice greatly with lust because
of their own views. The Blessed One replied, \"Whoever praises a dharma
other than this one, those who stray from the path of purification.
being imperfect The wise will say in spite of this, because those who
cherish is very pleased with determined because of their own views.
There is only in this dharma, it does not speak of excellence in all
other dharmas. Even so, those who are astute, by their supremacy, are
the ones who insist on the Dhamma which is their way. There is only in
this Dharma, that the wise speak, speak, speak, show, state purity.
excellence, excellence, excellence, liberation, excellence, liberation,
in this dharma that the world is eternal, this is true. nothing else
...The world is not eternal, etc. The animal in front of me dies. It
could never be again, it could never be again, this is true. Other
things are empty. Therefore, they are called virtuous people who say
purification that there is only in this dharma.
[588] The word does
not say excellence in all other dharmas means that virtuous people
oppose and argue with all other people\'s words except the Master. What
the Prophet said, his group, his own way of view, was to say, to speak,
to show, to state that the Prophet was not omniscient. Dharma is not
dharma. That group is not a good practice. That view is not a prosperous
view, that practice is not a good law. That path is not the path leading
to liberation, purification, excellence, excellence, liberation,
excellence, or liberation. Not in that dharma, all beings are not pure.
Not perfect, not perfect, not perfect, not perfect, not perfect, not
perfect, because of that dharma. but he is wicked, wicked, depraved,
obscene, filthy, and humiliating. in all other dharmas. Tittha. Chao
Thitthi is called Delighted people. Depressed people. settled,
entangled, approached, enthralled, enthralled, enthralled with great
views; therefore, they are called those who are deeply entrenched in
this regard with great views. Patipada, the path, called the Dharma, is
the way of one\'s way. He speaks affirmative, speaks firmly, speaks
strong, speaks truth. in the Dharma which is one\'s way, therefore he is
the one who speaks and affirms the Dharma which is his own way. because
of that The Blessed One replied, \"Those who are virtuous, say
purification, There is only in this dharma, do not say the supreme
purity of all other dharmas. Those who are steadfast in this way are the
ones who insist on the Dhamma which is their own way. that lord Saying
that other people are bullies, they are not purely normal. should bring
its own malice. He who speaks affirmative, speaks firmly, speaks strong,
speaks truth. in the Dharma which is one\'s way, therefore, it is called
that the lord of ditthi is the one who insists on the Dharma as his own
way.
[593] The word, because of view, in the word one should be seen as
a fool, because of that view, that one should To see, look, look, look,
look, look, contemplate, contemplate, consider others, because of their
arrogance, wickedness, depravity, lewdness, filth, humiliation, because
of their views, their decency, their preferences, their own doctrines;
therefore, they should be regarded as fools. because of that
view.
[594] The word Prince Ditthi refers to another person as a bully.
There is a common imperfection. should bring malice itself, saying,
saying, telling, speaking, and making statements like this: that another
person is a bully, vile, depraved, obscene, filthy, inferior, with
impurity. not pure, not pure, not pure, not pure, not white, as usual,
should bring it along, bring it along, bring it along, bring it along,
bring it along, hold it, hold on, hold on to the quarrels, the meanings,
the strife, the quarrels, and the arguments by oneself; therefore, he is
called Chao Ditthi. It is said that other people are bullies, it is not
pure. should bring their own malice because of that The Blessed One
replied, \"In addition, Lord Ditthi is the one who affirms the Dhamma
which is his own way, one should see that he is a fool, because of that
view. Chao Ditthi said that the other person was a fool, having an
impermanence of nature. should bring malice itself. located in the
decisive Respect yourself would be a quarrel In the future in the world,
jantujan, neglecting all decisions would not do argue in the world. It
is regarded by oneself that 62 views are called views that have been
decided, lord of views, who stand alone, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold
on to the view that one has decided. Self-respecting means that you are
esteemed, self-examined, and that this teacher is omnipotent. This
Dharma, well taught by the Master This group has practiced well, this
view is a prosperous view. This observance, which the Prophet has done
well This path is the path leading to the cessation of suffering;
therefore it is called self-respecting; therefore, it is called standing
in a view that is self-determined.
[597] that in front of you For
one\'s own words he approaches, enters, holds, clings, clings to
quarrels, strife, strife, quarrels, and arguments by oneself. another
world that lord quarrels, quarrels, strife, quarrels, quarrels with the
other person speaking in the future that you do not know this Dharma and
Discipline, etc., or amend it to liberate the word if you can Even for
this reason, it is called quarrel in the future in the world.
[598] The
word negligence that has all been determined means that 62 views are
called views that are determined, decreed, abandoned, forsaken,
released, alleviated, eradicated. go to the absence which all the views
that one has decided, therefore it is called a declining view.
[599]
The word Jantuchon do not compete don\'t quarrel don\'t argue as true as
the Blessed One said: See Acquivessana A bhikkhu who has a mind freed in
this way does not argue or quarrel with anyone. what he said in the
world said according to that The name Jantujan is a creature, a
creature, a man, a person, a person, a living being, a born being, a
deed person, and a human being. The word in the world is in the evil
world, the human world, the gods, the worlds, the worlds, the worldly
elements, the worldly delusions, therefore it is called the Jantujan.
\... will not make arguments in the world. Because of that Blessed One
therefore replied that that lord located in the decisive Respect
yourself would be a quarrel in the future in the world A Jantujanala
ditthi, who has made all his decisions, does not make any arguments in
the world. As follows. The end of Chulawiyuhasuttanidthes 12.
----------- The 13th Mahaviyuhasuttanithes on Ditthi
[600] (Phra
Buddhanimit asked) Which of these recluses and brahmins? This one, who
is encompassing in view, says that this is true. All those recluses and
brahmins are either gossiped or praised. because of that view.
[601]
Any of the words in any of these ascetics and brahmins is circumscribed
in the view, meaning that all is determined. All by all means, there is
no remainder, there is no remainder. one of these It is a collection of
words. The word there is all around in view means that there are
ascetics and brahmins who walk in view. Those contemplatives and
brahmins hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold on, one of the 62 views,
which is called coexisting, coexisting, surrounding in their views. It
is like a householder who resides in a house, whose name lives in the
house. sinful monks The name is inevitable. or those who have
defilements, their name is in defilements; therefore, one of these
brahmins are called recluses. be around In view
[602] it is said that
this is true; that is said, speaks, speaks, declares that the world is
eternal, this is true. Nothing else is said, told, spoken, shown,
proclaimed that the world is not permanent, etc. The creature before him
dies. Surely it can\'t be again. This thing is true, nothing else,
therefore it is said that this is true.
[603] All those contemplative
and brahmins are spoken of, saying, All those contemplatives and
brahmins. would be subjected to gossip, reproach, and no praise.
regarded as right All gossips and brahmins are not praised, therefore
all those ascetics and brahmins are gossip.
[604] The word, or is
praised, because of that view, that is, or can only be obtained,
concurrently, experiencing praise, admiration, admiration, honor,
because of one\'s views, decency, likes, and doctrines, therefore it is
called or is praised. because of that view Then the Buddha vision asked:
one of these brahmins who is encompassing in view, says that this is
true. All those ascetics and brahmins will be gossip or be praised
because of that view.
[605] (The Blessed One replied:) Well, that
praise is small, not enough to calm defilements. I would say two results
of a quarrel. Even if one sees the penalty Seeing the landscape of no
quarreling as natural, not quarreling.
[606] The word \"praise\" is
\"less\"; \"praise\" is \"small\" and it is not sufficient to calm
defilements; that \"praise is part\". Little, a little low, a little
lewd, dirty, humiliated, hence the name Praise is little. The word is
not enough to calm desire, that is, not enough for lust, wrath, hatred,
anger, wrath, disdain, stigma, jealousy, stinginess, arrogance,
boastfulness, hardness. Good rivalry, pride, contempt, drunkenness,
intoxication, all defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness all
the fervor all the trouble All unwholesome deeds, to be calm, to be
calm, to extinguish, to give up, to cease all All unwholesome deeds are
put to rest, go in, calm, quench, give up, cease. Therefore it is called
that praise is small, not enough to calm the defilements. It\'s two
things: quarrels because of views, meanings of mutual trust because of
views. strife due to diligence Quarrels because of Ditthi, Disputes
because of Ditthi have two consequences: Victory and Loss, Wealth and
Deterioration. dignity and disgrace Gossip and Praise, Joy and Sorrow,
Joy and Sorrow Desirable Emotions and Undesirable Emotions likes and
dislikes The rise and fall Joy and malice. I speak, dictate, dictate,
appoint, reveal, classify, shallow, declaring that karma leads to hell,
to the birth of the beast. It is in the vision of the Preta, therefore
it is said that the results of a quarrel are two things.
[608] The word
\"condemnation\", even then, in the word one has seen the blame \... do
not quarrel, meaning seeing, meeting, comparing, making it clear made
known, which the penalty for quarreling because of view The meaning is
certain because of the view. Conflict because of views, quarrels because
of views. Controversy because of views, therefore it is called seeing
the blame. Do not make convictions for each other, do not do conflicts.
do not quarrel Not to argue with one another, that is, let go,
alleviate, and put an end to nothing. Which quarrels, strife, strife,
quarrels, and arguments should be avoided, refrained, escaping, shaken
off, freed, not attached to, having a mind that frees boundaries. Out of
quarrels, strife, strife, quarrels and quarrels, therefore it is called
condemnation. \... do not quarrel. It is a natural Kasem meaning that
immortal nirvana is the peace of all beings. renunciation of all
possessions The cessation of craving, the regurgitation of craving, the
cessation of craving, the cessation of craving is a boundary string,
called the realm of non-quarreling. By nature, Kasem is resistant. a
refuge, a refuge, a refuge is immobile It is immortal, it is extinct,
therefore it is called a place of no quarreling. It is natural Kasem.
Because of that. The Blessed One replied, Praise is small. not enough to
calm the passion I am Saying two results of a quarrel, one who sees the
penalty even then sees the landscape of no quarreling: natural kasem Do
not quarrel.
[610] Any one of these born of ordinary people
knowledgeable person would not reach all those assumptions a person who
has no desire as a tool to access it Do not like the picture that you
see. in the sound heard up to the sankhara dharma What should be
accessed?
[611] Any of these words in the word hypothesis born of the
mortal, meaning that all by all by all means The remainder cannot be
found, there is no leftover. Any of these words is the sum of the words.
The word assuming is the 62 things of view, called the supposition. that
is born of the mortals, that is, those assumptions that the mortals give
rise to born to ordinary people.
[612] The word person who has
knowledge does not reach all these assumptions, that a person who is
knowledgeable, knowledgeable, intelligent, enlightened Wisdom to destroy
defilements does not reach, does not reach, does not reach, does not
hold, does not cling to, does not cling to all these assumptions,
therefore he is called a person of knowledge. It\'s not all those
assumptions. Concerning two kinds of defilements,
[613] is called
defilement as a means of access. In the word person who has no
defilements as a means of access, what sankhara dharma should be
attained? That is, defilements are accessorized to lust, defilements are
accessors to view, etc., this is called defilement. Reaching is lust,
etc., this is called lust which is accessibility is view. That person
abandons defilements as a means of access, which is lust, giving up
defilements as a means of access, which is view. because he is the one
who renounces defilements, is the access tool, is lust Giving back
passion as a tool to reach is view It is called without defilement as a
means to enter, which one should enter, hold on, hold on, hold on to
what form, what feeling, what covenant, what body, what spirit, what
doctrine, what advent, what existence, what pity, what life cycle, what
is our self? that access machine ...What is the sankhara dharma that
should be accessed?
[614] The word disapproval in the image seen. In
the sound of hearing, it means not doing pleasure, pleasure, love, and
desire; that is, it does not bring forth pleasure, to arise, to arise,
to arise, to arise only in form seen or in purity of form seen, in sound
or heard. purely because of the sound heard or purely because of the
known emotion. Therefore, it is called not pleasing to the image seen.
in the sound heard. The Blessed One replied, any one of these
assumptions born of ordinary people A person with knowledge will not
reach All those assumptions A person who has no defilements as a means
of access does not enjoy the image seen. in the sound heard should reach
the sankhara dharma that should be entered What? Having settled in the
ceremonies, he said purification with composure: We all study in this
view. and the purity of the observance Those recluses and brahmins are
the ones who reach the realm. and said that he is wise. Regarding those
who have merit and are equipped with 4 dharmas \... said purification
with composure, meaning that there are some ascetics and brahmins The
claimant claims that the precepts are supreme. Those ascetics and
brahmins say, say, tell, speak, show and declare purity. Superlative
excellence, completeness, enlightenment, liberation, liberation,
liberation, because of the precepts. because of the conscientiousness
Because of the caution, because of the fact that the as if she had
parted the son of Paripashika Priest\'s name Saying like this:
\"Carpenter, I decreed that a person possessed of four virtues is
virtuous and ready. very charitable He is a worthy arhat, a recluse, an
invincible one, what are the four things? person in this world He does
not commit sin by body, he does not speak lewd speech, he does not think
of lewd reasons, he does not rely on a lewd occupation, carpenter, I
decree a person possessing these four virtues. that the benevolent
person is ready very charitable Just as there are some recluses and
brahmins who claim that the virtues are supreme, those recluses and
brahmins speak, speak, speak, express, proclaim purity, purity,
excellence. liberation, liberation, liberation, liberation, liberation
by virtue of virtue, because of composure because of caution because of
the inattention Likewise, therefore, they are called recluses and
brahmins who are supremely virtuous, speaking purification with
composure. hold on to the handiwork (Behave like an elephant) Assawatra
Kowat Ajawat Kukurawat Kawat Wasu Devawat Punnaphat Dhawat Akkiwat
Nakavat Supannawat Yakkhawat Asurawat Gandhawat Phawat, Maharajawat,
Chantawatra, Suriyawat, Indawatra, Brahmawat, Devawat or Tisawatra and
settled in. he enters, settles, entangles, approaches, enthralls,
entrusts, hence the name samathanavatra, and goes in and sits. behave
willingly He has cultivated and behaves according to his own views,
decency, preferences, and doctrines, therefore it is called studying in
this view. and the purification of the enlightenment, that is, and the
purification, the supremacy, the supremacy, the emancipation, the
excellence, the cessation of the enlightenment, therefore it is called
the study of this view and the purification of the ritual. Access to the
world in the word \"accessible to the world\" and is said to be wise,
that is, one who approaches the world, approaches the world, is
enthralled in the world, bows his heart to the world, therefore he is
known as the one who enters the world. and said to be wise, saying that
he was wise They say they are sages, they say they are wise. There is a
saying that he has wisdom have a speech by reason One\'s speech, one\'s
speech, one\'s speech, one\'s speech By his own doctrine, he is
therefore called one who enters the world and is said to be wise. The
Blessed One replied, Priests and Brahmins say that the precepts are
supreme meditate and settle in said purely with sophistication that We
all study in this view, and that purification of the rituals. Those
recluses and brahmins are the ones who reach the realm and are said to
be wise.
[620] Having lost his karma, he is shaken, wanders and desires
purification. like a man leaving from the house to keep up with them
therefore, with regard to the reason for departing from the precepts and
ceremonies
[621] the term if a person is a person departing from the
precepts and From the sacrament of sacrament because of two reasons,
namely, it moves because of the judgment of others; 1, it does not
attain, and therefore moves away; 1. How does one move because of the
judgment of others? The Dharma the Master said was not good. The group
did not perform well. The view does not prosper, the practice which the
prophet is not good at. The path is not the path leading from suffering.
Purity is good Magical purity is good. Good liberation, good liberation,
good liberation. The finish is good. not in that dharma All people are
not exhausted. Not perfect, not perfect, not perfect, not perfect, not
perfect, not perfect. inevitably departs from the Prophet moving from
the Dharma spoken by the Master, moving from the group, moving from the
view move away from move from the path People move because of How does a
person not attain precepts move? deviates from the precepts, does not
attain the teachings, departs from the teachings not attaining precepts
and asceticism inevitably departs from precepts and ceremonies the
person does not achieve Therefore, it is called that if a person moves
away from the precepts and the Dhamma The precepts and teachings are
good, we are wrong, we are wrong, we stumble from arahatship, therefore
we are called that person. \...that person is shaken Punyaphisankhara is
good. Apunyaphisankhara is good. Anenchaphisangkhara is good. We have
made a mistake. We err from arahatship, therefore, one is shaken by the
mistake of karma.
[623] The word dabbles in the word dabbles and
desires purification, meaning one dwells on the virtues, the monks, the
virtues and the blessings, therefore it is called one dabbles. and
desires for purity, that is, desires, desires, desires for purity
because of some precepts Purity because of some asceticism Purity by
virtue and some asceticism, therefore, it is called that one craves and
desires purification.
[624] The word is like a man who leaves the house
behind them, therefore, a man who leaves a house with a group follows
them. go or will return to his own house, such a person, who goes
astray, holds up, clings, clings to that teacher or another prophet The
Dharma that the Prophet said or another Dharma proclaimed by the Master,
that clan, or any other clan, that view, or any other view, that
adhesion, or any other practice, that path, or any other path,
therefore, he is called like a man who has left the house behind them.
Therefore. Because of that Blessed One therefore replied that If a
person is a person who moves from the precepts and ceremonies Having
lost his karma, he is shaken, he craves and desires purification. like a
man leaving From the house followed not a thousand people
therefore.
[625] The noble disciple abandoned all precepts and
teachings. Abandoning that karma, which is a virtuous act and an avatar,
does not desire purity. and impermanence are abstained and do not adhere
to the prevailing view. should proceed.
[626] The word forsaking all
precepts and teachings means refraining, alleviating, causing an end to
nothing. which is pure because of all the precepts The purification of
all ascetics, purification of all precepts and asceticism, therefore it
is called abandoning all precepts and asceticisms. That black karma
bears black fruit is called savajakāma. White karma has white karma is
called vajjākāma. Abstaining, alleviating, and ending up leads to the
absence of vajjakāmā and vajjakāmā, hence the name abandoning kamma.
which is virtuous and unwholesome.
[628] The word does not desire
purity and impurity means that ordinary people desire impurity, that is,
they wish for unwholesome qualities, they desire purity, they desire the
five qualities. would desire imperfection, i.e. desire for unwholesome
qualities and five virtues. Desire for purity, i.e. desire for ditthi 62
one desires impurity, i.e. desire for unwholesome qualities, benjakamhun
and ditthi; He wishes for imperfection, i.e., desires for unwholesome
qualities, benchakamhun, ditthi 62, and wholesome qualities which are in
the three elements. gentlemen He desires purity, that is, he desires to
enter the Noble Path, the Sekha desires Arahatship, which is the supreme
Dhamma. Does not desire the five virtues, does not desire ditthi 62,
does not desire the merits of the three elements. not wanting to enter
the Noble Path; The Arahant has transcended desires, has passed away
from growth and decay. There is no one who has done conduct, etc., there
is no new life, therefore it is called not desiring purity and impurity.
Not clinging to the prevailing view, one should act, that is,
refraining, refraining, refraining from, forsaking, termination,
irrelevance, with purification and impurity. One who has the mind freed
from the realm of defilements, therefore is called abstaining. The word
should conduct means that one should conduct, should wander, take turns,
walks, preserves, nourishes, heals; therefore is called abstaining.
...behave. Not clinging to the existing view, namely the 62nd view, is
called the existing view, not holding on, not clinging, not clinging to
the existing view. behave. Because of that The Blessed One replied, The
noble disciple abandons all precepts and ceremonies. Abandoning such
karma, which is vain kamma and vain kamma, does not desire purification
and impurity, is waived, does not adhere to the prevailing view. should
behave.
[630] Recluse and brahmins relied on the hateful penance
Relying on visible images, heard sounds, or perceived emotions. who
speaks pure in pity ahead not yet without lust in the little world and
the big world
[631] The words that ascetics and brahmins relied on the
penance they despised, that there were some ascetics and brahmins who
hated penance. who hated penance, dependent upon, entrusted, accessed,
enthralled, fell upon the hated penance. hate that. sound heard or the
feeling of knowing, that is, dwelling, inhabiting, holding, holding on
or purity because of the picture sound heard or purely because of the
sound heard known mood or purely because of the emotions that are known;
therefore, it is called based on the form seen. sound heard or a known
emotion. ... always speaks of purity, meaning that there are some
ascetics and brahmins who speak of purity in pity ahead. Brahmins
Whoever speaks of purification in pity ahead is the ascetics and
brahmins, who hold purification in one part, hold purification with
pity. person who is virtuous a person who is a good man these brahmins
the name of the one who speaks of pure pity ahead Those brahmins
contemplated, uttered, told, spoke, acted, uttered their purity. Purity,
excellence, liberation, liberation, excellence, liberation through pity,
therefore, he who speaks of purification of pity ahead \... speaks of
purification. The Great Realm is form, Craving, Satanha, Gandha,
Craving, Craving, Touching, Dhamma, Craving. The word in the small and
great realms means that in the small and great worlds, in karma and
liberation, in karma is karma. The object of birth in the sensual world,
in the transcendental realm, is the object of birth in the sensual
realm. In karma, it is a form of birth; in vipakhava, it is a form of
existence. In kamma-vataka it is a machine of non-formal birth; in
vipa-vatana it is a machine of non-formal birth. in frequent birth in
frequent In frequent access, in frequent conception, in frequent
occurrence of self, the word is not free from craving, meaning not free
from craving. not yet exhausted not giving up desire I haven\'t vomited
my lust, I haven\'t released it, I haven\'t given up on it. has not
relinquished the craving, therefore it is called not free from craving.
Little world, big world. Because of that The Blessed One replied,
Brahmins relied on the hateful penance Relying on visual images, sounds,
hearings, or perceived emotions. who speaks pure in pity ahead not yet
without lust in the little world and the big world would often talk
about purity.
[635] Objects are things that are pleasing to one\'s
desire, and there is trepidation because of the things that are set.
mobility and inaccessibility for any monk in this Dharma and Discipline
For what reason was that bhikkhu trembling? Where do you like it?
dislike anything).
[636] The word objects It belongs to the person who
desires, meaning lust is called desire, i.e. lust, saraga, etc.
Abhijhalophha, kusalamun. The word desire means desire, wanting,
delighting, loving, liking, therefore it is called desire. The word
pleasing means craving is called liking. i.e. lust, saraga, etc.,
Abhijha, greed, and greedy, therefore it is the name that belongs to the
person who desires it.
[637] Name that the determination in the word
shake is because of all objects that have been established, namely, the
determination of craving. This is called the setting of lust, etc. This
is called the decree by the view. Even a person who is paranoid in
contention is shaken, that is, even when an object is being hijacked, it
shakes even when an object is being taken away. already snatched away
would be nervous Even those who are paranoid In the volatility of an
object, it shakes Even when the object has been warped would be nervous
swayed and inclined, therefore it is said that trembling exists because
of the things that are set.
[638] The word for any bhikkhu in the word
movement and accessibility does not belong to any monk in this
Dharma-discipline, it means coming, going, going. Going and coming,
death, motto, small world and great world, no movement, access, birth,
disintegration, birth, old age and death do not exist, that is, they do
not exist, they do not appear, they do not enter. That which the Arahant
Khina has cut off, calmed down, stopped, should not happen. burned with
fire, that is, insight, therefore, is called movement and accessibility,
there is no monk in this Dhamma and Discipline. That bhikkhu should be
shaken by lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, uddhacca, wicciccha, anusai,
what is the desire? Some are evil, some are passionate, some are
binding, some are clinging, some are distracted. some uncertainty
reached by some strength And that bhikkhu has forsaken those sankharas,
for he has abandoned the sankharas. be shaken by the thought for what
reason? was born in hell being a beast, a creature, a human being, a
deity, an animal with a form It is a formless animal, an animal form, an
animal form. or is a neva-n-s-n-s-n-s-n-s-n-s-a-snapkin. A bhikkhu has
no cause, no cause, no kana, which causes trembling, trembling, and
trembling; therefore, a bhikkhu is called, for what reason should one be
shaken? Where is it pleasing? Where is it pleasing, loving, pleasing?
That\'s why it is called that a monk is shaken, and where is it
pleasing? The Blessed One replied, objects belonging to the person who
wishes to please him; in addition, there is anxiety in because all the
objects that are already defined mobility and accessibility Not for any
bhikkhu in this Dharma and Discipline. For what reason should a bhikkhu
be shaken? Where is it pleasing?
[640] What do some ascetics and
brahmins say is excellent, while others say that teaching is bad? Is it
true? Because all these recluses and brahmins Each of them claimed to be
wise.
[641] The word that some ascetics and brahmins say that any
dharma is excellent means that one of the recluses and brahmins speaks,
speaks, speaks, declares, and proclaims the Dharma, which is the Dhamma,
which is the Dharma, which is the Dharma. Prasert Wiset is the chairman
of Udom Bowon, hence the name of some brahmin monks. It is excellent.

[642] The words that other ascetics and brahmins say the Dharma is
bad. That is what the other recluses and brahmins say, speak, speak,
show, and proclaim the Dhamma, that is, the Dhamma, that is, the Dhamma,
that is, that this Dharma is vile, depraved, obscene, and filthy. so
humble therefore his name, but the rest of the brahmins and said that
dharma is bad.
[643] The words of these ascetics Which words are true?
The words of these ascetics and brahmins, which words are true, true,
true, true, true, not perverted, therefore they are called these words
of recluse and brahmins. Which words are true?
[644] The words because
of all these recluses and brahmins Each of them claimed to be wise,
because all these ascetics and brahmins claimed to be wise. Claiming to
be a scholar, claiming to be a wise man, claiming to be an intellectual
claiming that by reason Claiming oneself by character claiming to be By
their own doctrine, hence the name because all these ascetics and
brahmins claim to be wise. The Blessed One replied, Some recluse and
brahmins say what dharma is excellent, but others say that dharma is
bad. What words of recluse and brahmins are true? each claiming to be
wise. say one\'s Dharma as perfect, but another\'s Dharma as bad.
Recluse and brahmins held a view. Even then, there will be quarrels
among the ascetics and brahmins, saying their views as true.
[646] Some
recluses and brahmins Saying one\'s Dharma is complete, that is, a
certain ascetics and brahmins say, speak, speak, and declare their
Dharma, namely, their own way of view, \'This Dharma is complete,
complete, not flawed; therefore, some recluse and brahmins are called.
Saying one\'s own Dharma is complete.
[647] The word, but speaking
another\'s Dharma as bad means that another group of ascetics and
brahmins speaks, speaks, speaks, declares, and declares the Dharma,
which is the DITHI, the Patipada, the Path of the other recluses and
brahmins, that this Dhamma is insidious, insulting, and inferior.
Vulgar, dirty, and lowly, therefore it is called, but saying the dharma
of other ascetics and brahmins. together make sure make a difference
make a quarrel argue that You do not know this Dharma and Discipline,
etc., or amend it in order to remove the word. If you are able, then it
is called stubbornness. would quarrel.
[649] Saying one\'s viewpoints
as true, saying that the world is eternal, etc., an animal before death
cannot live again. would not be again this is true Anything else is
empty, therefore it is called saying one\'s view that it is true.
because of that The Blessed One replied, \"Some recluses and brahmins
say one\'s Dharma as perfect, but another\'s Dharma as bad. The ascetics
and brahmins, having held this view, will quarrel with each other; that
it is true.
[650] If a person is a bad person Because of the words that
others condemn, no one should be a magician in all dharmas. because the
common man speaks the dharma of others by In fairness, people are the
ones who affirm in the Dharma.
[651] The word, if a person should be a
bad person because of the words blamed by others, it means that another
person would be foolish, vile, depraved, obscene, dirty, inferior
because of the words that others criticizes quite a bit of knowledge.
Therefore, it is called that if a person is a bad person because of the
words that others
[652] The word that no one should be a sorcerer in
all dharmas means that no one should be supreme, sublime, supreme,
presiding over all dharmas, therefore no one should be supreme in all
dharmas.
[653] The word because the mortal speaks the Dharma of others
with an inferiority; that even many mortals speak in vain, gossip and
criticize the Dharma of the common man, criticizes and criticizes the
dharma of one mere mortal. Obscene, dirty, humiliated, even one mere
mortal would speak, gossip, criticize and criticize the Dharma of many
ordinary people. By virtue of being wicked, depraved, filthy, filthy,
and inferior, hence the name, because the common man speaks the Dharma
of others by the inferiority of the Dharma. insist on the Dharma as
their own path People are the ones who affirm, speak, are firm, speak
strong, speak only the truth of the Dharma as their own way. The Blessed
One replied, \"If a person is a bad person, Because of the words that
others condemn, no one should be a magician in all dharmas. because the
common man speaks the dharma of others by Dharma is bad, people are the
ones who affirm in the Dharma. one\'s own way.
[655] Worshiping the
Dharma is one\'s way of recluse and brahmins are real, just as recluses
and brahmins praise the Dharma for their own way. All words must be
true. for the purification of those recluse and brahmins is personal
only.
[656] Worshiping the Dharma is their own way, in the sense that
worshiping the Dharma is their own way of recluse and brahmins is real.
Worshiping, revering, revering, worshiping one\'s teacher This prophet
is omniscient. This is called the way of worshiping the Dharma. Priests
and Brahmins pay homage, respect, venerate, and worship the Dharma
spoken by their Master. One\'s group, one\'s view, one\'s practice,
one\'s way: This path is the way to liberation from suffering. This is
called the worship of the Dharma as one\'s way. Worshiping the Dharma as
one\'s own way is real, that is, worshiping the Dharma is one\'s way, it
is real, true, true, true, true, not perverted. Therefore, worshiping
the Dharma is one\'s way of ascetics and brahmins. The truth.
[657]
Dharma, ditthi, Patipada, the Path is called the Dharma as one\'s way.
Recluses and brahmins praise, glorify, glorify, describe the Dharma as
their own way, therefore they are called, just as the recluses and
brahmins praise the Dharma as their path. All things should be real,
true, true, true, true, not perverted, therefore all words should be

[659] The words, because the purification of those recluses and
brahmins belong only to the individual, that is, purification,
excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation, of those recluses and
brahmins. It is exclusive only, therefore, it is named because of the
purity of those brahmins. It is a personal item only. Because of that.
The Blessed One replied, The worship of the Dharma is their own way. of
recluse and brahmins are real, just as recluse and brahmins praise the
Dharma. as one\'s own way, all words should be true. because of their
purity those brahmins It belongs only to oneself.
[660] There is no
knowledge to be advised by another person to a brahmin (an Arahant).
Decisions and consequent adherence to dharmas. There is none for a
brahmin. Therefore, a brahmin is a sinner of all strife, because a
brahman does not see any other dharma in the noblest Dharma. is
rejected. The name is a brahmin; a person is called a brahmin, because
he has floated away from the seven things, etc., the person who is
steadfast, is called a Brahmin. another person\'s intuition It is not
advisable to a brahmin, that is to say, knowledge is not advised by
others; that is, a brahmin is not advised by others. do not rely on
others Don\'t believe others, don\'t walk because of others. He is not
obsessed, has feelings, is mindful, knows, sees that all conditioned
things are impermanent. All sankharas are suffering. All dharmas are
selfless, etc. Anything has normal birth All things are naturally fading
away, therefore they are called insights that no one else has to advise,
they do not exist to the brahmins. 62 things. The word is judged, it is
judged, judged, searched, sought, compared, examined, investigated, made
clear, and then seized upon, adhered, held, gathered, gathered,
gathered; This is true, certain, is as is, is as it really is, is not
perverted, thus it does not exist, does not appear, cannot enter, that
is, the brahmin Dhamma has been abandoned, calmed, settled, preventing
it from arising. Burned with fire is wisdom. Therefore, it is called
decision and then hold on to all dharmas. It is not for the Brahmins.

[663] the word because of that Thus a brahmin is a transgressor, a
brahmin is a transgressor, a brahmin is a transgressor, a quarrel.
Confidence with views strife quarrel arguing with supremacy, hence the
name. Therefore, a brahmin has lost all quarrels.
[664] The word,
because a brahmin does not see any other dharma by virtue of virtue,
means that a brahman does not see, does not find, does not see, does not
look at, does not consider the Dharma, is a teacher. What the Master
told of a group of peoples, the Ditthi, the Patipada, the Path other
than the Satipatthana, the Righteousness, the Enlightenment, the
Eightfold Path, the Noble Path, the Noble Dharma, the Presence, the
Presence, and the Bodhisattva, therefore it is said that because a
Brahmin does not see any other Dhamma. by virtue of virtue. Because of
that The Blessed One replied, wisdom that others recommend would not be
for a brahmin already decided therefore believe in all dharmas not to
brahmins Because of that, a brahmin has broken all strife. because a
brahmin does not see other dharmas by virtue of being noble. He believes
that purification with the view that one knows and sees that
purification is true. If a recluses and brahmins saw it, what benefit
would a recluse and brahmin see by seeing? Is that? would also speak of
purity other dassana.
[666] The word \'know\', in the word \'know\', we
see \'purity\' is true, that we know through the knowledge of the mind
of others. or knows by means of recollection of the aggregates dwelling
in the past. The word \"consider\" means that one agrees with the human
eye or agrees with the eye. which purification is true, that
purification is veritable, is true, is true, is not perverted, therefore
is the name that we know and see that purification is true. that some
ascetics and brahmins believe in purity Excellence, excellence,
liberation, liberation, liberation by view, that is, some ascetics and
brahmins believe in excellence. Excellence, excellence, liberation,
liberation, liberation, liberation with the view that the world is
eternal, this is true. Other things are empty, etc. An animal in front
of him who is already dead cannot live again. would not be again this is
true Other things are empty, therefore they are called brahmins and
recluses. Some believe purification by views.
[668] The word has seen.
a brahmin who saw it What is the benefit of seeing that? have seen too
other person\'s consciousness I have seen it with the remembrance of the
aggregates that lived in the past; I have seen it with the eyes of the
human eye. or has seen it with the eye, therefore it is called that if a
brahmin One has seen it. a brahmin who saw it What is the benefit of
seeing that? What is the use of ascetics and brahmins by seeing that?
How? There is no prosperity There is no enlightenment which has no
effect, there is no neglect of lust, renunciation, which there is no
wrath There is no renunciation of delusions; there is no renunciation
from all defilements. There is no severance in which sankharavat exists,
therefore it is called that if a recluses and brahmins had seen that
brahmin What will be the benefit? Seeing that?
[669] The word recluses
and brahmins have passed away. would say pure with other dassanas, that
these ascetics and brahmins have passed, gone, gone. which the way of
purification the path of excellence The road of purity surrounding the
white path, the white road surrounding it, speaks, speaks, expresses,
declares purity. excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation,
liberation, liberation other than the foundation of mindfulness. other
than the conclave other than power Other than organic, other from
physical health, other from Bojjong. Other than the Noble Eightfold
Path, by view, even for this reason: therefore the name of the ascetics
and brahmins have passed away One would say purification with another
dassana. all the Buddhas are good All the disciples of the Buddha were
good. All Pacceka Buddhas have passed away, passed away, passed away.
which the path of imperfection The path of impermanence is wonderful.
The road of impurity all around, the path which is not white, the path
which is not white around. By the view of these ascetics and brahmins,
they speak, speak, show, proclaim their purity. Excellence, excellence,
liberation, liberation, liberation, liberation through the four
foundations of mindfulness, the 4 Righteousness, the 4 Dhamma, the 5
physical strengths, the 5 Bojjangha, the 7 Noble Path, the Eightfold
Path, for this reason it is called the Ariya Buddha. Having become the
presidency, he speaks of purification with other dharmas. Because of
that The Blessed One replied, some brahmins He believes in purification
with the view that one knows and sees purification. if a brahmin had
seen a brahmin who saw it What is the benefit of seeing that? The
brahmins have passed away. He speaks purification with another
attitude.
[670] The person who saw it saw the name or seeing and
knowing only those names The public sees names, more or less, in fact.
He does not speak purely of his view of that name and form.
[671] The
word \"nobles\" in the word \"nobles\" when they see names and forms
means \"nobles, when they see other people\'s minds.\" When seeing the
remembrance of the aggregates that lived in the past, when seeing the
human eye or when agreeing with the visionary only saw the name and form
only by being noon by happiness by ego did not see the birth, death,
grace, or guile shattered out of those dharmas, hence the name of a
person who, when he sees it, sees the names and forms. other person\'s
consciousness seen by the senses of remembrance of the aggregates
dwelling in the past, seen by the human eye, or seen by the astute eye.
I saw only the name of the picture. and know by being noon by happiness
by ego will not know the birth, the cessation, the blame, the plot of
the salad out of those dharmas, therefore they are named, or they only
see and know their names.
[673] \"Seeing names and forms, more or
less,\" means that when one sees a name, a form, more or less, one sees
as being of the eternal. by happiness By being truly self, therefore, it
is said that he sees names, more or less forms.
[674] The words of the
wise in the word, nevertheless, the wise do not say. Purity of opinions,
names and forms, that is, those who are wise in the Khan The wise in the
elements, the wise in the senses, the wise in the practice wise in mind
The wise in the supremacy, the wise in the power, the wise in the
organics, the wise in strength, the wise in the Buddha. The wise in the
path, the wise in the fruit, the wise in nirvana. Those who are wise do
not speak, do not tell, do not speak, do not show, do not declare
purity. excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, excellence,
liberation, mere view of name and form. with the intellect of others
with the remembrance of the former dwelling place, with the human eye or
by the astral eye, therefore, hence the name. Even so, the wise do not
speak purely of their opinions and form. Blessed One therefore replied
that The people who saw it saw the name of the image. or seeing and
knowing only those names The public sees names, more or less, in fact.
would not speak purely just the view of that name. whoever not
recommended He is the one who upholds the view that is determined in the
foreground, by whatever object he speaks of that object. that is
beautiful because of that view the people who speak pure saw that it was
true in that view.
[676] The word is a person speaking with confidence.
whoever It is not advisable that a person who speaks with confidence
that the world is eternal, this is true. Anything else, one who says
with certainty that the world is impermanent, etc., an animal before
death can never be again, neither will it ever be again. This is true.
nothing else. whoever It is not advisable to give good advice. whoever
hard to recommend Hard to know, hard to understand hard to see It is
difficult to be trusted, therefore it is called a person who speaks with
confidence. whoever It should not be advisable.
[677] The word upright
is defined in the foreground, it means one who is upright view that has
been determined, prepared, well established. in the foreground is to do
ditthi forward and travel with the view as the Thongchai and the view as
the top flag have great views is surrounded by views, therefore is
called one who upholds the view that is predetermined in the
foreground.
[678] The word dependent on any object, in the word
dependent on any object, it is said to be beautiful, because of that
view, it means dependent, dependent, connected, accessed, attracted.
Concerned about what object is the Master, the Dharma that the Prophet
tells, the group, the view, the path, therefore it is called based on
what object. Because of the view, it means that because of one\'s views,
decency, preferences, and doctrines, the word says that an object is
beautiful, it means one says that object is beautiful, it says it is
good, it says it is a sage, it says it is a virtuous person. Said
instinct, said by reason, said by nature. Said by na, said by position,
by one\'s own doctrine, therefore it is called by any object that it is
said to be beautiful in because of that view.
[679] The word
purificationist in the word purification saw that it was true, in that
view, said purity say the perfection Saying purity around, saying
whiteness, saying whiteness around. pure opinion There is a purely
wonderful opinion There is a purely pure opinion around have an opinion
of whiteness There is a view of whiteness all around, therefore it is
called the one who speaks purity. saw, saw, met, experienced, stabbed,
verily, verily, verily, verily, verily, not perverted, therefore he is
called the one who speaks of purification. saw that it was true in that
view. The Blessed One replied, The people who speak with confidence
whoever not recommended He is the one who holds the view that is set in
front of him. By any object, say that object is beautiful. because of
that view the people who speak pure have seen that true in That view. He
does not attain to decrees, is not one who wanders with views. Neither
lust nor view is a binder for insight. The Brahman already knew. He
ignores all the assumptions that a mortal person gives birth to, while
the other ascetics and brahmins hold on to it. is a negative word A
brahmin is a person who is called a Brahmin. Because he has been
floating on the seven things, etc., that craving and view do not dwell,
he is fixed, he is called a Brahman. The word decree is two
stipulations, namely, the determination by craving, the determination of
the view, etc. This is called the determination. By craving, etc., this
is called decree by view, which is called sankhara, i.e. knowledge,
clear knowledge, etc., non-delusion, choice of the Dhamma, and right
view. does not reach the stipulation, that a brahmin knows, examines,
considers, makes it clear make it known by intuition that All things are
impermanent. All sankharas are suffering, etc. Anything is naturally
born. All things are naturally quenched, thus they do not reach, do not
enter, do not hold, do not cling to, do not cling to the stipulations by
craving. or decreed by view; therefore, a brahmin is known by insight.
would not reach Determination. Neither craving nor view is a binding
thing because of intellect, meaning that a brahmin is abandoned, cut
off, calmed, suppressed, preventing it from happening. Burned by fire is
insight, of which 62 views do not go, do not move, do not move, do not
move in view, neither reach nor return to that view as a matter of fact.
or view is a binding of intellect, that is, a brahman does not bind
lust, or views as a binding, that is, does not remain lustful, or does
not adhere to desire, or does not adhere to craving, which is to arise,
to arise, to arise, to arise only. Because of the knowledge in the
eighth, because of the wisdom in the fifth, or because of the wrong
perception, therefore, he is not one who wanders in view. neither is
there any lust or view. bound by insight. which all the assumptions that
mortals give birth to are knowing, knowing, considering, considering,
making it clear make it clear All sankharas are impermanent, all
sankharas are suffering, etc. Any thing is naturally born. All things
have is naturally extinguished, therefore the name is known as a
brahman. 62 views are called samati, all views are called Puthjaja.
because of those views mortal or because many peoples were born,
therefore the name was known by the Brahman. \...which all the
assumptions that a mortal person gives birth to.
[684] The word is
indifferent, while the other recluse and brahmins hold it, which means
that other recluse and brahmins hold on, hold on, hold on, with the
ability of lust By the ability of view, an arahant is indifferent, does
not hold, does not cling to, does not cling to, therefore he is called
indifferent, while other recluses and brahmins hold on. The Blessed One
replied and replied that the Brahman was aware of it by his knowledge.
He does not attain to decrees, is not one who wanders with views.
Neither lust nor view is a binder for insight. The Brahman already knew.
He neglects all the assumptions that mortals give birth to, while the
rest of the ascetics and brahmins hold on to them. verse machine all in
this world when people quarrel would not be a sailor with the
righteousness that made them That muni, when the people are not at
peace, is calm, indifferent and unconcerned. Other recluses and brahmins
are bound by it. all in this world These include the four defilements of
the poem, namely the defilements of the physical poetry, namely
Abhijcha, Phayabat, Silabbat Pramas. It\'s called the commitment that
this is true. determination in one\'s view Name: Passion is Abhijha.
Murder. The displeasure of the words of others is called The desire for
physical poetry is vindictive. or both one\'s precepts and ceremonies,
called the defilements of the body, that is, the silabbota, the sermon
of one\'s view. The word renunciation means to let go or to put away all
the defilements of the poem; in the other words, that the defilements of
the poems have been undone, or loosened, that are bound, intertwined,
intertwined, intertwined, intertwined, attached, like The people free
the poles, carriages, or wagons, so the word muni means wisdom is called
mona, which means knowledge, clear knowledge, etc., transgressing the
Dhamma as a tool. and lust is just like the net That person is called a
muni. The word in this world, in this view, etc., in this world of
mankind is therefore called a muni who renounces all defilements in this
world. It is not one who sails with the dharma that leads to a group,
that when people are quarrelsome, born, born, arise, arise, arise only,
that is, when people reach predisposition, to distaste, to distaste, to
greediness, the muni does not reach prejudice; Not inferior to bhakti,
not capable of lust, hatred, delusion, mana, ditthi, utdhaca,
vacillation, anusai, he does not go forth and move with all the dharmas
that make him belong. would not be a rider with dharma
[688] The word
peace in the word muni, when people are not at peace, they are calm,
indifferent, that is, they are peaceful. He enters into silence, is
extinguished, is extinguished, because he is possessed of lust, hatred,
delusion, etc. All agglutination is calmed, is calmed, is extinguished,
is extinguished, has ceased, therefore he is at peace. When people are
at rest, when they are not at rest, they are not at rest, they are not
at rest, they are not quiet, they are not quenched, they are not calmed.
The word Muni is indifferent, meaning an Arahant is endowed with
equanimity with the six bodies: he sees a form with the eye, does not
rejoice, does not grieve, is indifferent, mindful, fully aware, has
heard the sound with the ear, etc. He is a well-trained, well-trained,
awaiting death, therefore he is called a muni, when the people are at
rest, he is calm, indifferent. Other recluses and brahmins hold on, that
other recluse and brahmins hold on, hold on, hold on, with the ability
to lust By being able to view, an arahant is indifferent, does not hold,
does not cling, does not cling to, therefore he is not clinging,
recluses and brahmins are held by others. The Blessed One replied, Muni
has given up all the defilements of this world When people are in
quarrels, they are not driven by the dharma that makes them muni when
they are at rest. He is calm, indifferent, not clinging to
contemplatives and brahmins, others are steadfast. not doing new ashes
He is not one who walks with pleasure, nor is he who speaks with
confidence. The Muni is a virtuous, freed, and from all views. not to
blame would not be stuck in the world. Not doing any new taints: form,
feeling, covenant, sankhara, and spirit; the former is called the former
taint. To the past sankharas, munila renounces, donates, shakes off,
relieves, and puts an end to the cessation of those defilements, hence
the name of abandoning the former taints. The present part of the
present part is called the new taint. Muni do not do pleasure, do not
make affection. not wanting addressing the present part of the body,
which is not to arise, not to be born ready. not to be born It does not
arise only, therefore it is called a muni la the taints that existed in
the past, not making new taints.
[692] The word \"not\" leads with
pleasure, in that it is neither one who walks with pleasure nor speaks.
with confidence that it does not reach consensus It does not reach lust,
does not reach greed, does not reach greed, does not reach lust, hatred,
hath, mana, ditthi, uddhaca, vicikiccha, anusai, does not go forth,
moves forward with all the dharmas that make people belong, therefore it
is called not one who walks with pleasure. neither is he who speaks with
confidence, that the noble one speaks with confidence that the world is
eternal; this is true. Anything else is empty, the world is impermanent,
this is true, anything else is empty, etc. An animal before death can
never be again. would not be again this is true nothing else (Not one
who speaks with such conviction) therefore is called not one who walks
with pleasure. Neither was he who spoke with confidence.
[693] The
word Muni is a nobleman. liberated from all views, saying, \"The 62
kinds of views, this muni are abandoned, cut off, calmed, stopped and
prevented their occurrence. burned with fire is the soul The Muni is the
one who is freed. Unrelated to all views, one has a mind free from the
realm of defilements. A wise man means one who has wisdom, memory, sage,
wise, enlightened, enlightened, enlightened, enlightened. Has wisdom to
destroy defilements, therefore it is called Muni is a virtuous person.
liberated from all views. Regarding the reason that there are two kinds
of critics
[694] called affliction in the word not to blame oneself.
It is not clinging to the world: there are two kinds of attachments,
namely, craving for one, another for one, etc. This is called craving,
etc. This is called addiction. The muni renounces lust. I have given up
on my obsession. for abandoning attachment to lust relinquishing
attachment with obedience He is not trapped by lust and views, is not
attached, is not contaminated, does not get trapped in the evil world,
the human world, the gods, the worlds, the world-elements, the worldly
senses, that is, he is the one who does not cling to lust and views, is
not contaminated, does not get trapped, shakes off, is liberated. no
longer involved One whose mind is free from the boundary of defilements,
therefore, is said to be not attached to the world. Not being a
self-critical person, that is, a person is criticized for two reasons:
because he does one thing, and because he does not do something. 1. A
person criticizes himself for his actions and for not doing it. How to
act? we corrupt We do not act honestly we do corrupt words We do not
speak honestly. we do corrupt We don\'t act in bad faith. We make alms,
etc., we do die. We do not do right. A person criticizes himself for his
actions and for not doing this. One would reprimand himself. We are not
perfect in all the precepts. We are not protecting the anus in all
organic We are incompetent in food. We are the ones who do not work
hard. machine is awake We are not conscious. We do not develop the four
foundations of mindfulness, we do not develop supreme supremacy, 4 we do
not develop power, 4 we do not develop organic matter 5, we do not
develop physical strength, 5 we do not develop enlightenment, 7 we do
not develop the Noble Path. 8 We do not define suffering. We do not
abandon Samudaya, we do not develop the path, we do not reveal nirodha.
One criticizes himself for his actions and for not doing them. The muni
does not do karma as a cause, criticizes himself, that is, he does not
bring forth that karma, to arise, to arise, to arise only in this way.
Therefore, he is not self-critical, therefore he is not self-critical,
he is not trapped in the world. The Blessed One replied, The munilaasava
that existed in the past not doing new ashes He is not one who walks
with pleasure, nor is he who speaks with confidence. The Muni is a
virtuous person, freed from all views. not to blame He is not trapped in
the world.
[695] The muni is swept away in all dharmas, that is, in
form seen, in sound heard, in consciousness, it is he who has laid down
his burden, is freed, has no limit. not welcome no desire Blessed One
Said as follows.
[696] Mara Sena is called Sena. In the word Muni, Sena
has been eliminated in all dharmas, that is, in the form seen, in the
sound heard. Corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt conscience,
sensuality, anger, hatred, anger, anger, blasphemy, equality, jealousy,
stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, hardness, good competition, pride,
contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all desires, all corruption. all the
restlessness All the fervor, all the troubles, all the troubles All
auspiciousness His name is Mara Sena. It is as true as the Blessed One
said: Defilements, I say that you are your 1st Sena, your displeasure, I
say that you are your 2nd Sena. Hunger and thirst. We say it\'s your 3rd
Sena. Lust, I say it\'s your 4th Sana. We say it\'s your 5th villain
Cowardice We say it\'s your 6th villain Hesitation We say that it\'s
your 7th villain\'s stubbornness We say your 8th villain. Good fortune,
praise, worship, and rank that are acquired through the wrong way. We
say that he is your ninth sena, who exalts and suppresses others, we say
that thy tenth sana. is a normal person to get rid of a person with a
black nature daredevil could not defeat the devil But the brave will
win. When he wins, he gets happiness as follows. All the devils And all
the enmity of defilements, the Muni are defeated, defeated, destroyed,
destroyed, eliminating them, by the Four Noble Paths, then the Muni is
called the One who has eliminated Senna. Get rid of the sena in the
picture you see. in the heard voice, in the perceived mood, in the
enlightened sensation, therefore the name Muni is eliminated in all
dharmas, that is, in form seen, in sound heard.
[697] The name burden
in the word muni is one who has laid down the burden and is freed,
namely, the three burdens, namely Khanthabura, Defilements and
Absankharaba. 1. What is khandhaba? Form, feeling, perception, sankhara,
spirit. In the sankhara, what is this khandhaba? What is lust? lust,
dosa, delusion, etc. This is called passion burden. Abhisankhara burden
is Why? Punyaphisangkhara Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisangkhan This is
called Abhisankharabura, Khanthawara, Desires Bura and Abhisankharabura.
It\'s already a muni state. has a broken root Why is there a location
like Tan Yod Duan to the absence later There is no further occurrence.
When, then, the muni is called is the one who has laid down the burden
The burden has already fallen has a burden that has been relieved There
is a burden to be released, a burden to be laid The burden has been
suspended. Concerning the three types of moneyya, the word muni means
that wisdom is called Mona, which is wisdom, omnipotence, and
electiveness. selection all over Righteousness, good decency, decency,
accessibility, specificity, graduating intelligence Wisdom protects
oneself, wisdom is the discriminant, wisdom is the thought. Wisdom is a
sight The broad wisdom of the land Wisdom is the destroyer of passion.
Wisdom leading around Wisdom is an enlightenment consciousness Wisdom is
a piercing machine. Wisdom is evident wisdom is great Wisdom is
strength, Wisdom is a sword, Wisdom is a castle. bright wisdom clear
wisdom prosperous wisdom Wisdom is like the crystal; non-delusion,
discrimination, right view. One who possesses that knowledge is a muni,
that is, one who attains insight called Mona-moneyya
(dharma-manufacturing of muni). verbal moneyyadhamma 1 mind bona fide 1.
What is moneyyya dharma physically? Three kinds of malfeasance are
called bodily moneyya dharma, three kinds of bodily integrity.
Determining the knowledge of the body of the United Path with degree,
the abandonment of passion in the body death of the body The attainment
of the Fourth Jhana is known as the physical monetary dharma. This is
called bodily money dharma. What is verbal money dharma? Four kinds of
dishonesty is called verbal money dharma, four verbal money dharma.
verbal determination union path with a degree ignorance in speech the
extinction of speech The attainment of each second meditation is called
verbal moneyadhamma. This is called verbal moneyadhamma. Mental
moneyadhamma is ?Three kinds of dishonesty is called mental
moneyyadharm?Three kinds of mental negligence are mind and emotion.
mental determination union path with a degree ignorance in the mind
cessation of consciousness The attainment of each of the magical
contracts of Nirodha is called the mental monetary dharma. This is
called Moneyya Dharma of the mind. It is as true as the Blessed One said
All the graduates said Muni physical muni a muni in speech, a muni in
the mind, without taint One who is endowed with the dharma that makes a
muni, who renounces all defilements, speaks of a muni who is a muni in
body, a muni in speech, a muni in her mind. There is no shame who has
reached with the Dharma make a muni one who has been cleansed of sins.
There are 6 types of muni names: buildings, muni, anakarmuni, sekhamuni,
asekhamuni, paccekmuni, muni, muni, what is this muni building? There is
an enlightened religion. These people are called the Muni Building. Why
is Anakaramuni? Who are ordained? There is a chapter, nirvana, which has
already been seen. There is an enlightened religion These people are
called Anakaramuni, and the seven types of monks are called Sekhamuni.
The arahants are called Asekhamuni, the Pacceka Buddhas. name is
individual Tathagata, Arahant, fully enlightened Buddha Its name is
Munimuni. It is as true as the Blessed One said. A person is not a muni
by being calm. He is an empty man, not a wise man, who is a wise man,
holds the noble teachings. refraining from all sins, like a person
holding a scale, therefore one is called a muni. It is called a muni,
therefore whoever knows the two worlds is called a muni by that reason.
Whoever knows the dharma of the wicked and the dharma of the faithful in
the whole world inside and outside transgressing the Dharma as a
affiliation and lust, just as if the net exists, a person of devas. and
human beings worshiped That person is called a muni. The word liberated
means that the mind of a muni is liberated, supremely liberated, from
lust, hatred, delusion, etc., all akusala bhisankhara, hence the name
Muni is the one who has laid down the burden. has passed away. did not
go into rejoicing, had no desire, said the Blessed One: These are the
two decrees: the determination of lust, the decree of view, etc. This is
called the determination of lust, etc. This is called the decree. set
with a view The muni renounces predestination with lust. forsaking the
stipulation by lust relinquishing stipulations with a view therefore it
is not determined by lust or stipulations with views, that is, not to be
ready not to be born not to be born only, therefore it is called No
definition. does not enter into delight, saying that all ordinary
people, who are decreed by seven types of sekhas, including the
gentlemen, rejoice, rejoice, rejoice, especially in order to reach the
dharmas that have not yet been reached. in order to attain the
enlightenment that has not yet been achieved In order to realize the
Dhamma that has not yet been revealed, the Arahant is the one who
rejoices, rejoices, is the one who gives up, renounces, is liberated,
has nothing to do with it, one whose mind is free from the realm of
defilements. welcome. word There is no desire, meaning that craving is
called desire, i.e. lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and
kusala-mullah. That desire, whatever the muni, has been abandoned, has
been cut off, calmed, has ceased, prevents its occurrence. Burned with
fire is the yana muni, that is called the one who has no desire. The
word bhagava is spoken with respect. Another is called bhagava because
the person who destroys lust has destroyed anger. The rulers have been
destroyed It\'s been destroyed The view has been destroyed, the thorns
have been destroyed. Defilement has been destroyed because of the
meaning that He has distinguished, He has distinguished, He has
distinguished, Specifically, the Dhamma Ratana. Named Bhagava, because
He has done the best of all beings, has a trained Body. have the
precepts that have been trained Has trained wisdom. The Blessed One A
brothel, a grove and a secluded forest, with little sound, without any
rumblings. without traffic people It should be the secret of human
karma. Therefore, the Blessed One has the share of robes, alms,
senasana, and kilan, hence the name Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed
One has the share of the supernatural, the high spirit, the wisdom, the
enlightenment and the Dharma. Therefore, the Blessed One has the share
of the four jhanas, the four apprehensions, the four impermanence, hence
the name Bhāgava. In addition, the Blessed One has the eight liberation,
the Abhidhamma. Na (Jan is the place of Occupying emotions) 8
Anupupbhavihara samabat 9 hence the name Bhagava In addition, the
Blessed One has the part in the meditation, 10 kasin samabati, 10
anapanasati samadhi, and unsatisfied unsatisfied, therefore called the
Bhagava. As for the four foundations of mindfulness, 4 supremacy, 4
power, 4 organics, 5 strengths, 5 Bojjhana, the 7 Noble Eightfold Path,
hence the name Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One is the part of the
Tathagata, 10 Vesarajajayan, 4 Patisamphida, 6 Agnosticism, 6 Buddha
Dharma, hence the name Bhagava. This name is Bhagava, Mother, Father,
Father, Blessed One, Friend, Ammat, blood relative, Recluse, Brahmin,
Deva, not honored. Let this name, Bhagava, be the free name. (The
command that arises by enlightening all Arahatship and all dharmas),
along with the attainment of enlightenment at the wielding of the
Enlightened Ones. hence the name indefinite not welcome no desire The
Blessed One said as follows. The Blessed One replied, \"The Muni has
been eliminated in all dharmas, namely, in the form seen, in the voice
heard. In the conscious mind, the muni is the one who has laid down the
burden, is freed, has no limit, does not rejoice. no desire The Blessed
One said as follows: Therefore, he finished the 13th
Mahaviyuhasuttaniddeses. -------------- Tuvatakasuttaniddes the 14th

[699] (The Buddha Nimit asked Saying) I ask You, the Peaceful,
Peaceful Race of the Sun, Seeking Grand Master: What did the monks see?
therefore do not hold on to anything in the world will be extinguished.
There are 3 types of causality.
[700] Named faculties. In the word I
ask you, the race of the sun. There are 3 types of keys, namely,
Aditthachotana, 1 Ti. Thasangsanthanapucha 1 Vimitichetanapucha 1. What
is Aditthachotana Pucca? What characteristics are not known, not seen,
not considered, not comparable, not clear, not usually apparent? One
asks questions in order to know, to see, to consider, to compare, to
clarify, to clarify. What is this characteristic, Aditthachotanapucha?
What is it that is known, seen, examined, compared, clarified, and
clearly manifested? A person asks in order to investigate such a thing
with other scholars. This is called Ditthasangsantanapucha. What is it?
Vimichetanaputcha? A person leads to doubts in two ways, whether this is
the case or not. Or not like this, what is it, or how is it? The person
asks a question in order to eliminate doubts. This is called Vimichadena
Pucca. There are three kinds of Pushcha. The other three are
Manussapacha and one Amanussapucha. 1 Nimmitpuca 1. Why is it
Manussapacha? Human beings, having approached the Enlightened One, ask
questions, that is, the monks ask questions. The nuns asked The devotees
would ask The upasikas would ask the king asked the king asked The
brahmin asked A prostitute asks Sutra would ask The layman asks The
monks ask, this is called Manussa Pucca. What is Manussa Pucca? The
non-humans approached the Enlightened One and asked the question: the
Naga asked. Garuda asks The giant asked The demon asks questions, the
monks ask. Thao the Great asked. Indra asked Brahma asks questions,
devas ask. This is called Amanussapucha. What is Nimmit Pucca?
accomplished by the heart, having all the parts There is no organic
matter. the Buddha vision went to see the Blessed One The Enlightened
One asked the question of the Blessed One. This was called Nimmit Pucca.
There are three kinds of buttons: asking about one\'s own benefit, one
asking about the benefit of others, and one asking about the benefits of
both. Two things: 1. There are three other things: asking about the
benefits in this life 1. Asking about the benefits in the next life 1.
Asking about the great benefits 1. There are three other things: asking
about benefits without harm, and 1 asking about benefits. Benefit
without defilement 1 Asking about the benefits of the White Dharma 1.
There are 3 other questions: asking about the past Dhamma 1 Asking about
the future Dhamma 1 Asking about the present Dhamma 1. There are 3 other
questions which are asking about The Dharma is internal, the question of
the Dharma is external, the question of the Dharma is internal and
external, and there are three other questions: asking about the
wholesome Dhamma, asking about unwholesome Dhamma, and asking about the
Upayatta Dhamma. There are three other things, namely, asking about the
khandhas, asking about the elements, asking about the senses and 1.
There are three other things: asking about the foundation of mindfulness
1, asking about the supreme supremacy, and 1 asking about the power. 1.
There are three other things, namely, asking about the organics, asking
about physical strength, and asking about Bojjha, and 1. There are three
other things: asking about the Path 1. Asking about the results 1.
Asking about nirvana 1. The word \"I ask you\" means \"I ask you, I ask
you, I ask you, I invite you, I ask you, Please tell me the Dharma.
Therefore, I ask you, I ask you.\" The Sun race means that the Surya is
called the Sun. The sun is doomed by contemporaries. even the Blessed
One It is Gotama by Phra Khot. The Blessed One. who appeared by the sun
descent a sun race Because of that, the name Buddha is a race of the
Sun. ethnic The sun. Concerning three kinds of solitude
[701] It is
called Viveka. In the word secular person, there is peace, seeking great
virtues. There are three kinds of liberation, namely, liberation, one
mind, one upadhiveka, and one. What is the loneliness of the bhikkhu? He
dwells in the secluded estates of forests, bases of trees, mountains,
crevices, caves, cemeteries, and forests, which are open, littered, and
are secluded by body. She walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, sleeps
alone, enters the house alone for alms, returns alone, sits alone in
hiding, prays alone. One who travels alone, restrains, turns, turns,
moves, maintains, nourishes, heals. This is called the body liberation.
What is the mind of solitude? A monk attains the first jhana have a calm
mind from neuroscience attaining second jhana, having a mind secluded
from anxiety, attaining a second jhana, having a mind isolated from
rapture attainment having a mind attained from happiness and suffering,
attaining the realm of meditation Having a mind secluded from forms of
contracts, adjectives, and nanatta sanas, attaining spirituality and
contemplation. having a mind secluded from the realm of self-concept
Achieving the concept of Na Sanyatana Jhana, having a mind of peace from
Akinchanayatana Sanam (when that monk) is a monk Having a calm mind from
tattooing ditthi wichikitcha silabbat pramas ditthanusai
wichikitchanusai and from the passions that lie within the same with
tattoos and so on. is a Buddha image having a mind that is roughly
isolated from the kamaraksagnayojana, kamarakanayojana, kamaraknusai,
paikanusai, and from the defilements that are located in the same ranks
as the kamarakana. benefits, etc. an Anagami monk having a mind secluded
from kamaraksayojana, patikasagnayojana, kama raknusai, patikanusai in
detail and from the defilements that are located in the same sector as
the kamarakanayojana, etc., is an arahant. having a mind isolated from
the form of lust, rupa-raka, mana, utdhacca, avijja, manusai,
bhavarakanusai, avijjanusai, defilements that are situated in the same
areas as such forms of lust. And out of all sankhara visions outside,
this is called Updhiviveka Citta? It is called Upthiviwek. It is the
Dharma that suppresses all body It is the renunciation of all clinging,
the end of craving, the vomit of craving. is the place of lust This is
the place that is released from lust, this is called Upadhiviveka.
Rejoices in the Nekkhamma, the mind of solitude exists for one who has a
pure mind. In spite of being one who has a very pure mind, Updhiviveka
is available to a person who is exhausted, upthi, to nirvana, which is
the ultimate peace. The word peace includes some peace, some peace. That
peace is, that is, immortal nirvana, that is, the Dharma that suppresses
all sankharas. ....is a place out of the machine lust Hundreds of
straps. As true as the Blessed One said, which chapter is the Dharma
that suppresses all body? ....It is the release of lust after the
string, that chapter is serenity, a refined nature, on the other hand,
by any other nature, any dharma leads to attainment of peace. To attain
peace, to realize peace, namely the four foundations of mindfulness, the
4 right knowledge, the 4 powers, the 5 strengths, the 5 Bojjangha, the 7
Noble Eightfold Paths, these things are called the peace chapter, the
peace chapter, the precepts, the resistance chapter, the resistance
chapter. The chapter, the chapter hidden, the chapter, the chapter that
relies, the chapter, the chapter, no danger, the chapter, the chapter
will not move, the chapter will not die, the chapter will not die, the
chapter will end the craving. One who seeks great virtues: The Blessed
One seeks great virtues, he seeks, seeks, seeks, seeks the great
virtues. Great concentration Great wisdom Great Wimuttikhan The Great
Vimuttinanadassanakhandha, therefore, is called the seeker of great
virtue. The Blessed One seeks, seeks, seeks for the destruction of the
great darkness, the destruction of the great madness, the withdrawal of
arrows, which is the great passion, the liberation of the great view,
the elimination of the flag. is big mana great suppression big void
blockade big burden great dissection great affliction The suppression of
great passion, the raising of the banner is the great Dharma, therefore
it is called the seeker of great virtue. The Blessed One seeks, seeks,
seeks, finds the four foundations of mindfulness, 4 supremacy, 4 powers,
4 organics, 5 strengths, 5 bojjha. The 7 Noble Eightfold Path, the Great
Supreme Nirvana is the Noble Eightfold Path, therefore it is called the
Great Seeker. The Blessed One is the one who seeks, seeks, seeks, finds
where the Lord Buddha is. Where is the Blessed One? Buddha is a deity
Where are the angels dwelling? Where is the Buddha who is more valiant
than the people living? That is why he is called secluded, peaceful,
seeking great virtue.
[702] How a bhikkhu sees \... is extinguished,
meaning that a bhikkhu sees, meets, compares, considers, makes it clear.
how to make it clear, so that it is extinguished, calm, enter into a
wonderful peace, suppressing lust, anger, hatred, anger, anger,
blasphemy, hypocrisy, jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness,
hardness, good rivalry, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence,
passion. All corruption All the agitation, all the fervor all the
trouble The word bhikkhu means a bhikkhu who is a gentleman or a bhikkhu
who is a person, therefore he is called a bhikkhu, how he sees it \...
will die. Not clinging, not clinging, not grasping, clinging to
clinging. 4. The words in the world are: in the world of mischief, in
the world of mankind, in the world of gods, in the world of khandha, on
the world of things, in the world of self-consciousness. What is the
meaning of sankhara, which is form, feeling, contract, sankhara, and
spirit? which sankhara in the world. Therefore, the Buddha\'s vision
asked, I ask you, the race of the Sun, who are calm, peaceful, seeking
great masters: As a bhikkhu sees and does not cling to anything in the
world, he will die.
[704] The Blessed One replied: A bhikkhu should get
rid of all the sins and dharmas, that is, defilements, which are the
root of the slow part of the Dharma. and asmimana with wisdom Whatever
craving that exists within, a bhikkhu should be mindful to study get rid
of those lusts at all times. A bhikkhu should eradicate all evil things,
namely, defilements, which are the root of the dharma that is sluggish
and asmimana, with wisdom: \'This is the dharma that is sluggish, namely
the dharma part is sluggish, that is, lust, and the dharma part. The
slow thing is ditthi. What is the root of the dharma that is slow is
lust? Avijja. Ayonisomanasika, Asmi Mana, Ahirika, Anottappa, Uddhaca
This is the root of the Dharma, the slow process is lust.
Ayonisomanasikar, Asmi Mana, Ahirika, Anottappa, Uddajja, this is the
root of the slow Dharma, which is Ditthi. He destroys lust, destroys
anger, destroys rulership, destroys mana, destroys views, destroys
thorns, destroys defilements, and because He distinguishes, He
distinguishes, Special, He distinguishes only the Dharma, because He
does the best of the worlds, because He has a trained body. already have
the precepts that have been trained have a trained mind Has trained
wisdom. In addition, the Blessed One savored the lush forests. Silent
forest, low noise, no rumblings. without traffic people It is the secret
action of mankind, worthy of seclusion, therefore it is called the
Bhagava. Moreover, the Blessed One has the share of robes, alms, alms,
and ceremonial factors. Therefore, he is called the Bhagava. The Blessed
One has the share of the supernatural, the high-spirited, the
high-intelligence, the taste, the taste, the liberation, therefore it is
called the Bhagava. On the other hand, the Blessed One has the 4
contemplation, the 4 appraisals, the 4 impermanence, therefore it is
called the Bhagava. The Blessed One takes part in liberation 8,
Abhidhana 8 (Jhana is the site of dominance of emotions),
Anupubbhavihara Sambatti 9 (4 forms of jhana, 4 rupa jhana, 1 vedic
nirodha), hence the name Bhagava. The Blessed One has the share of the
ten kasin samapati, the ten anapanasati samadhana, the unsatisfied one,
hence the name bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One has the 4
foundations of mindfulness, the 4 meditations, the 4 powers. 5 organic
strengths, 5 Bojjhana, the 7 Noble Path, the Eightfold Path, hence the
name Phagava. On the other hand, the Blessed One has the share of the
Tathagata, 10 Vesarajajadhammas, 4 Patience, 4 Abhidya, 6 Buddhadhammas,
6 hence the name Phagava. This is the Mother. Fathers, Buddhas,
Bhikkinis, Friends, Amarts, Relatives, Recluses, Recluses and Brahmins,
Devas did not honor the name \"Bhagava\" as a free name. (Names are in
the Arahatship in the order of the Arhat Path) as the Law of Truth.
along with attaining enlightenment at the wheel of the Bodhipruek of the
Enlightened Ones. Let go of all the sins and dharmas. Consensus. The
word asmimana is asmimana, asmichanda, asmi-nusai, in the form of
feeling, contraction, sankhara, and spirit. A bhikkhu should eliminate
all evil is the root of passion The shadow of the Dharma part is slow,
and asmimana with wisdom means that a monk should eliminate, suppress,
extinguish, suppress, suppress, and suppress all the sins of Dharma,
which is the root of the Dharma. slowness and asmimana, with wisdom;
therefore he is called the Blessed One. A bhikkhu should get rid of all
the sins and dharmas, namely the defilements that are the root of the
dharma part that is late and asmimana. with wisdom.
[706] The word
either in the word lust that exists within means that everything is
determined by all. by all means Can\'t find the remainder, there is no
leftover. The word either This is the saying of all things. The word
craving is form, craving, etc. Dharma, craving. The word that exists
within is craving, is established within, therefore is called
internally. In other words, the mind is called internally, i.e. mind,
manas, hatai, pa. Nandara, mana, manaytana, manindara, spirit, spirit
khandha, mind-soul element that arises from that khandha. have a common
extinction have the same object having the same emotions as with the
mind is the mind Therefore it is called that which exists at the inside,
therefore is called any kind of craving that exists at the within. get
rid of lust those at all times, that at all times, in all times, in all
times, forever, forever, forever and ever. forever eternity forever as
one Forever, continually, forever, in order, forever without
interruption. Forever there is no between Forever, forever, ever,
uninterrupted, everlasting, in the past, in the past, in the beginning,
in the middle, in the latter, in the waning, in the rainy season, in the
winter, in the summer, in the early age, in the Middle age, in the
latter part. The term mindful person is one who is mindful for four
reasons, namely, when he develops Kayanupassana satipatthana in the
body. The name is conscious When cultivating venanupassana mindfulness
in all feelings, he is mindful. when cultivating cittanupassana
mindfulness in the mind Named as one who is mindful when developing
Dhammanupassana mindfulness in all dharmas. One is called mindful. One
is mindful for four reasons. Another is called mindful. because except
for being unconscious because he is a doer of dharma which should be
done consciously because he is the one who gets rid of the dharma that
is against consciousness because he is not forgetful of the Dharma It is
a vision of mindfulness. One is mindful by four causes, and another is
called mindful because he is mindful. being conscious because he is
fluent with consciousness because he is not returning from mindfulness.
One is mindful by four reasons; another is called mindful. because he
can be remembered because he is calm because it is a suspension because
he is possessed of the Dharma of the faithful. He is called mindful.
Because of Buddhanussati, Dhammanussati, Sanghanussati, Silanussati,
Jakanussati, Devtanussati, anapanasati, death mindfulness,
kayagatasasati, Uposamanus. Remembrance, remembrance, specific
recollection, reminiscence, commemorative action, memory, impermanence
Not forgetting, mindfulness, sati, satibhla, samasati, satisamphojhanga,
this is called mindfulness. contains this consciousness that person is
called A person who is mindful. The word to study is the three sikkhā,
i.e., upholding the precepts, sikkha, adhicittasikkha, adhipaññā sikkhā.
What is the reason for upholding the precepts? In this Dharma and
Discipline, a bhikkhu is virtuous, restrained by the Patimokkhasamvara,
complete with the Ajara and orbiting. Seeing the danger in the penalty
is about a little Studying in all the precepts, small precepts, great
precepts, precepts are the premise. preliminary in the background to be
conscientious In this Dhamma and Discipline, a bhikkhu, secluded from
sensual pleasures, secluded from unwholesome dharmas, attains the first
meditation, is anxious, reflective, has joy and happiness. secluded
attaining secondary meditation There is a radiance of mind at the
inside, the supreme dharma arises, there is no worry, no scrutiny,
because anxiety and thought are calmed, there is joy and happiness born
of concentration. Because of the extinction of the rapture, there is
equanimity and consciousness. He enjoys the name of the body and attains
the tertiary jhana that the noble ones have praised, saying that the
person who has this jhana is equanimous. be happy Attaining the Fourth
Jhana, there is no suffering, there is no happiness, because of the
abandonment of happiness and suffering and the extinction of previous
joys and sorrows, there is equanimity leading to the purification of
mindfulness. This is called Adhicittasikkha. monks in this discipline be
wise contains intelligence which leads to birth and cessation, is the
noble, the first of defilements, leading to the right cessation of
suffering, that bhikkhu knows as it really is: this is suffering, this
is the cause of suffering. this cessation of suffering This practice
leads to the cessation of suffering. These are taints. This causes ashes
this cessation This practice leads to the cessation of taints, this is
called adhipanya sikkha. A bhikkhu should have a mindful study in order
to get rid of these cravings. At all times, a bhikkhu should study,
uphold the precepts, exhilarate the mind, and cultivate wisdom, that is,
when he thinks of these three disciplines, one should study; when he
knows, one should study. When you see it, study it. When considering,
study When one\'s mind is set, one should study; when one is willing to
believe with faith, one should study. When persevering, one should
study. When one enters one\'s mind, one should study; when one
establishes one\'s mind, one should study. When one knows clearly with
wisdom, one should study. when he knew more about the Dharma should know
more, should study When defining the knowledge that should be
established, one should study it. When the dharma that should be
abandoned, one should study When developing the Dharma that should be
developed, one should study. When enlightening the Dharma that should be
made known, one should study it, that is, behave and behave graciously.
well behaved He practices for the elimination, elimination, cessation,
renunciation, renunciation, and cessation of these cravings, hence the
name that a bhikkhu should be mindful for the elimination of that. those
cravings at all times. The Blessed One said, The Blessed One said: A
bhikkhu should eliminate all evil is the passion that is The root of the
Dharma, the slow progression and the asmimana, with wisdom one of the
cravings that exist within, a bhikkhu should be mindful to study. in
order to get rid of those cravings at all times. or is it external
should not commit violence with that virtue because of the violence
which the peaceful ones do not say is the cessation of defilements.

[709] The word that a monk should know one of the inner virtues, that
a monk should know one of his own virtues which is wholesome. Or is it
hard to upgrade their morals? Why? Are some monks ordained from a high
family? ordained from a large family ordained from the family Have some
wealth ordained from a family with some great wealth be famous more rank
than a layman and some monks who received robes, alms, senas, and some
medicinal necessities who remembers some sutras some discipline Somewhat
fair He is the holder of some forest rites. Take some alms rounds
holding a requiem as a ritual Some regard the three robes as a ritual,
some alms-crusades in the order of the alleys as the rituals. Consider
not serving food after being a routine some time. Consider not sleeping
as a routine occupying dwelling in the sanasana which he has arranged as
a ritual, one who gains the first jhana, or at the second jhana. have
some tertiary meditation got some Some have experienced self-sacrifice,
some have experienced self-sacrifice have some assassination A monk
should know, know, know, know clearly, stab at any one of his own
virtues, therefore he is called a bhikkhu should know virtue. one that
is inside. or external means that those virtues belong to the preceptor
or teacher, therefore it is called or is external.
[710] The word
should not be violent with virtue means that a monk should not commit
violence, that is, one should not act harshly. do not be arrogant one
should not be arrogant; one should not be arrogant with one\'s virtues.
or by virtue of others One should not be conceited by that virtue, one
should not be stubborn, arrogant, arrogant with that virtue, therefore
one should not commit violence with that virtue.
[711] which the
peaceful people do not say is the cessation of defilements, that
violence is The Buddha, the disciples of the Buddha, the Pacceka Buddha
He who is calm, does not speak, does not speak, does not tell, does not
show, does not decree, does not appoint, does not disclose, does not
classify, does not shallow, does not declare it the cessation of
defilements, therefore it is said that violence is not the cessation of
those who are peaceful. because of that Blessed One therefore replied
that A bhikkhu should know any virtue which is internal or external, and
should not commit violence with that virtue. For such violence, which
the peaceful people do not say, is the cessation of defilements.
[712]
A monk should not be better than him. that lower than him or even if he
is equal to him, by virtue of that virtue, a bhikkhu who is endowed with
all virtues, does not define himself, exists. (importance)
[713] The
word bhikkhu should not be more important than him. \...with that
virtue, that a bhikkhu should not be conceited that We are better than
him by birth, by clan, by being the sons of the family. with beauty,
with wealth, with invitation By work, by discipline, by academic
standing, by education, by intelligence, or by any other material,
therefore, a monk should not be considered better than him. \...with
that virtue.
[714] \"Inferior to him or even equal to him means that a
monk should not be considered inferior, so that I am inferior to him, by
birth, by clan, etc., or by other objects. Do not worry assume that We
are equal, by birth, by clan, by family, by being beautiful, by wealth,
by invitation. because of work, with academics, with academic standing,
by education, with intelligence, or with any other material, therefore
it is called inferior or even though equal to him. Many symptoms, hence
the name. with virtue as multiplicity.
[716] The word does not
determine oneself exists, that is, one is called Atumana, does not
determine, determines, defines oneself, exists, therefore, does not
define oneself. stay because of that The Blessed One replied, A monk
should not be more important than him. whether inferior to him or even
equal to him, by virtue of that virtue, a bhikkhu who is endowed with
all virtues should not determine himself. One should not seek peace by
any other means. Attaditthi or nirattitthi, there is no place.
[718]
This is how a bhikkhu should be calmed from internal defilements, that
is, a monk should be calmed, settled, settled, quenched, quenched,
quenched, quenched, quenched, quenched, lusts, hatred, delusion, anger,
wrath, arrogance, stigmatization, jealousy, stinginess, deceit,
arrogance. Hardness, good competition, pride, contempt, drunkenness,
negligence, all defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness all
the fervor All suffering, akusala, all sankharas, therefore it is called
that a bhikkhu should calm his internal defilements.
[719] The word
peace should not be sought by any other means, that a monk should not
seek, seek, seek peace, serenity. The entrance into wonderful peace,
cessation, cessation through the way. Of imperfection, by wrong
practice, by virtue there is no way of liberation from suffering other
than the foundation of satipatthana, samabhadhana, power, nectar,
strength, bojjang, the Noble Eightfold Path, therefore one should not
seek peace by any other means.
[720] The word when defilements are
internally calmed means that when they are calmed, they enter into
calmness, enter into extraordinary calmness, quench, and cease all
internal defilements, i.e. lust, hatred, delusion, etc., and all the
auspiciousness, therefore this is called when the inner desires are
calmed.
[721] Natthi in the word attaditthi or nirattitthi There is no
such thing as a denial. The word atta-ditthi, meaning \"sassat-dit\",
does not exist. The word \"niratt-ditthi\" means \"upchad-ditthi\" does
not exist. There is no self-perception. There is no liberation without
self. There is no holding for any monk. no release to that monk. There
is no release for any monk. There is no greed for that bhikkhu. An
arahant bhikkhu has gone above and beyond holding and letting go.
neglect the prosperity and disgrace. completed the virginity Having
practiced conduct, etc., such a bhikkhu does not have any rebirth,
therefore it is called attitthi or nirattitthi, and it does not exist
anywhere. The Blessed One replied, The bhikkhu should be at peace in
this internal defilement. One should not seek peace by any other means,
when a bhikkhu has calmed his inner desires, attaditthi, or
niratthitthi. Just as there is no place.
[722] Just as a wave does not
arise in the midst of the ocean, the ocean is calm, a monk stops. There
is no fear, so a monk should not commit defilements. As the saying goes,
just as a wave does not arise in the midst of the ocean, the ocean is
calm, meaning that by the depths of the ocean, 84,000 yojana, the water
below 40,000 yojana, are shaken by fish. And turtles, the water above
40,000 yojana is shaken by the wind. Water in the middle of 4,000 yojana
will not be shaken. Back and forth, turbulent, turbulent, turbulent an
unshaken ocean Not tumultuous, not recurring, not tumbling, not
tumbling, not tumbling, still calm. Waves do not arise in the middle of
that ocean. a still ocean Even for this reason, so it is called that the
waves do not arise in the midst of the ocean, the sea freezes; on the
other hand, the Sitadara ocean exists between the seven mountains. will
not be shaken, aggravated, turbulent, turbulent, turbulent It is an
ocean that does not shake, does not sway, does not stir, does not stir,
does not stir, does not stir, is calm; waves do not arise in that ocean.
a still ocean Even for this reason, it is said that waves do not arise
in the midst of the ocean. Just as the ocean stops. There is no
trembling, so it is a metaphor and a metaphor comes along. He is
stopped, that is, a bhikkhu is not shaken, aggravated, tumultuous,
shaken, trembling, tumultuous, even because of his wealth. Even because
of depravity, even because of rank, even because of disgrace even
because of praise even because of gossip even because of happiness even
because of suffering, therefore it is called that a monk should stop
Thus, lust is called trepidation. In the word shake-free: lust, saraga,
etc., Abhijha, lobha, akusala-mullah. This craving, called trepidation,
which a bhikkhu cuts off, calms, suppresses, prevents it from arising,
is burned down by fire. That monk is called no anxiety Because having
given up trepidation, that bhikkhu is said to be free from trembling.
will not be shaken, turbulent, shaken, trembling, turbulent, even
because of good fortune Even because of suffering, therefore it is
called that a bhikkhu should stand still, without trembling. Thus, the
seven defilements of defilement
[725] are called defilements that
increase. These are the seven defilements that ignite, namely, lust,
hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, and defilements. Not to be
born, to be born, to be born, to be born only. The word \"anywhere\"
means anywhere, anywhere, everywhere, internally, externally, internally
and externally. Therefore, a bhikkhu should not inflict defilements.
where. Because of that The Blessed One replied, Waves do not arise in
the midst of the ocean. As the ocean is at peace, a bhikkhu rests. There
is no fear, so a monk should not do defilements. where?
[726] (The
Buddha\'s vision asked again) The Blessed One enlightened has shown the
Dharma to eliminate danger Reverend Sir, may you answer the Patimokkha,
or even meditation, concerning the five eyeballs
[727] The word has
shown in the word Blessed One. The one who has the clear vision shows
that he has shown, circulated, told, preached, preached, appointed,
revealed, classified, made shallow, proclaimed, hence the name He has
shown. The Blessed One who has the clear eye with five kinds of eyes,
namely, the Buddha\'s eye. even with the ophthalmologist having a clear
eye even with a sage having a clear eye, even with a keen eye, having a
clear eye even with a How does the Blessed One have a clear eye even
with the human eye? Five colors, namely green, yellow, red, black and
white, are present in the Buddha\'s eye. There is a Buddha image. Many
are located in specific places. There was green, green, pleasant to look
at, like a water hyacinth flower. After that, there was yellow,
yellowish yellow, the color of gold, pleasant to look at, like a
Kannigar flower. The sockets in the two eyes of the Blessed One were
red. Beautiful red, pleasant to look at, like the color of insect wings
overlap. In the midst of the King\'s eyes is black, beautiful, not dull,
close, pleasant to look at, like the color of a black anchor. (Brick to
fire). After that, it is white, white, beautiful, radiant, soft white,
pleasant to look at, like the color of stars, sparkling plants. The
Blessed One had the eyes of the Buddha as usual. due to the body
happened because In good faith in the past life, he saw the whole yojana
all around, day and night, that is, even when there was darkness,
consisted of four bodies, namely, the sun had set aside, on the day of
the Ubosot, there was a line of dense forests and a great cloud set up,
then the Lord The Blessed One saw it all around in the darkness, made up
of four bodies, even so, such as the pits, the doors, the walls, the
mountains, the stumps, the vines, and there was no barrier to seeing all
forms. A person should take a seed of sesame and make it Marks put into
sesame wagons The Blessed One would be able to pick up that sesame seed.
The eyes of the Blessed One are like this. The Blessed One has clear
eyes. Even with such an eye. Seeing a group of beings that are
incarnating, being miserable, evil, exquisite, good-looking,
bad-skinned, good, falling, difficult, by the pure divine eye, invade
the human eye. He knows that these beings are corrupted, corrupt speech,
dishonest mentality, criticize the Lord Buddha. be a hypocrite Adhere to
doing things with the power of deceitfulness When he dies, he enters
into misfortune, misfortune, extinction, and hell. As for these beings,
they consist of honest body, honest speech, honest conscience, and do
not criticize the noble ones. is right Upholding the power of right
view, upon death, he attains to the realm of heaven. Thus, the Blessed
One sees a group of beings incarnating, inclined, evil, sublime,
good-looking, bad-skinned, difficult to fall, by the pure divine eye.
and knows the groups of beings who go after karma in this way. Because
the Blessed One, when he wishes He should see even the first elemental
world, even the second elemental world, even the third elemental world.
even the four elemental world even the five elemental world even the ten
elemental world even the twenty elemental world Even the thirty
elemental world Even the forty elemental world even the fifty elemental
world Even though the One Thousand Elemental World is a small part Even
though the two thousand elemental worlds were a moderate part. Even the
three thousand elemental worlds Even thousands of world elements. Or
that monks how much the Blessed One wishes should only see. Like this.
How does the Blessed One have such a clear eye? with joyful wisdom
Wisdom flows, wisdom, sagacity, sagacity. He is wise in the category of
intelligence. having a clear vision, attained He attained 4
Vesararajana, He was a valiant man, He was a Siha man, He was a Naga
man. He was a well-mannered man He was a man who led errands as usual,
possessing incomparable insight. have the greatest power having the
highest rank He is wealthy, has a lot of wealth, has wisdom as wealth,
is a great leader, leads often, leads often, who knows benefits.
scrutiny benefit The One who gives rise to the path that has not yet
arisen arises. He made the path that was not yet born ready to arise.
speaks the way no one has told He knows the way He knows the way He was
wise in the Path. is a follower is a person of virtue Later, the Blessed
One He knew the dharma that should be known. He sees the Dhamma that
should be seen, has the eye, has the Dharma, has the wisdom, has the
Brahma Dharma, the one who speaks, advises, brings forth the meaning,
bestows the immortal Dharma, the Dharma husband, the Tathagata. make
clear not right with wisdom It does not exist for that Blessed One. All
dharmas, including past, future, and present, will come into the canal
of knowledge of the Enlightened One by all manifestations. As you should
know, there are benefits for yourself, the benefits of others. Both
benefits benefit in this nation Benefits in the next life, benefits,
shallow benefits, deep benefits, mysterious benefits. hidden benefits
Benefits that should be introduced, benefits taken and benefits that are
not harmful. benefits without passion Shining benefits great benefit All
these benefits are within the Buddha\'s intellect. have uninterrupted
wisdom in the future Having uninterrupted wisdom in the present, all
physical, verbal, mental It is according to the knowledge of the
Enlightened One. How much should the chapter of Dharma recommend? Only
the wisdom, the more knowledge, the only chapters of dharma that should
be recommended. Phra Yarn is the most important part of the Dharma
chapter that should be introduced. The Dharma chapter that should be
introduced is the ultimate part of the Dharma. The path of Dharma that
should be introduced is not beyond the enlightenment; they are located
at the end of each other\'s surroundings. When the two layers are
completely closed together, the lower layers do not exceed the upper
boundaries. The top layer is not more than the bottom layer. Both layers
of baking pan Just as set in each other\'s periphery, the Dharma that
should be introduced, the insight of the Enlightened One located in the
periphery of each other, how much dharma script should be recommended
Only the wisdom, the more knowledge, the dharma that should be
introduced The chapters of Dharma that should be introduced are also the
most important parts of the Dharma. The path of Dharma that should be
introduced is not beyond those teachings. So located at the end of each
other\'s surroundings The Spirit of the Blessed One the enlightened is
circumscribed in all dharmas. All dharmas are due to conscience because
of hope because of the community due to mental of the Enlightened One
The Spirit of the Lord is omnipotent in all beings. The Blessed One
knows the disposition, conscience, adhimutti, the Enlightened One of all
beings. He knows those beings with little defilements in the eye, with
many defilements in the eye. organic Weak organic, good condition, bad
condition, easy to recommend, difficult to advise. be an animal be
unfortunate The world with its deities, the Mara world, the Brahma
world, the group of beings and the brahmins angels and humans would be
within the Buddha\'s knowledge all kinds of fish and turtles including
fish assorted fish and Just as the assorted fish of timidity, in the
end, will be within the ocean, the world with its gods, the Mara, the
Brahma world, and the beings with the brahmins, gods, and humans.
inevitably in the Buddha\'s instincts, so all kinds of birds, including
Garudaven Trikot In the end, as in the air country, the Buddha\'s
disciples who is equal with Sariputra, the Elder by wisdom It would be
in the country of the Buddha\'s insight. The Buddha\'s wisdom
encompasses the wisdom of all devas and humans. The sages who are kings,
brahmins, householders, ascetics have subtle wisdom. compose a dialogue
Like an archer who can shoot sand transports, travel as if with his own
wisdom to destroy the views of others. those graduates improve the
problem and came to see the Tathagata Ask questions. Those problems.
which the Blessed One asked, and Having said it, it was a problem that
had a reason for expressing it. and he shakes off Those graduates would
be revered. to the Blessed One The Blessed One is truly glorious with
wisdom there. How does the Blessed One have such a clear eye even with
the Buddha\'s eye? Examine the animal world with the eye of the Buddha.
He saw all beings with little defilements in the eye, with many
defilements in the eye. organic Weak organic, good condition, bad
condition, easy to advise, difficult to advise. Some of them are those
who see the dangers and dangers in the hereafter. It\'s good in the red
lotus flower. It\'s good in the lotus flower. green lotus is good red
lotus is good White lotuses are good, some are born in water, grow in
water, rise in water, submerge in water, nourished by water. The green
lotus is good, the red lotus is good, the white lotus is good. Some were
born in the water, grew up in the water, were always in the water. The
green lotus is good, the red lotus is good, the white lotus is good.
Just as some were born in the water, grew up in the water, rose out of
the water, the water did not get stuck. saw all the beasts who had
passion little dust in the eye There is much defilement in the wisdom
eye. organic with weak organics difficult to recommend Some people see
the dangers and dangers of the Hereafter. The Blessed One knows that
This person is insane This person is a master. This person is deceitful.
This person is insane. This person is a virtuous person. This person is
enlightened. The Blessed One speaks ignorant words to an enlightened
person. He speaks of mercy and meditates upon him. A person who is
deceitful advises a person who is deceitful to remain in learning, in
inquiry, in listening to the Dhamma at all times. in a timely
conversation In being with the teacher. Anapanasati to a person who is
ignorant, speaks the sutra which is a good vision. the good
enlightenment of the Buddha, the good dharma of the Dharma good practice
of monks and all his precepts, which is the place of devotion to a
person who is virtuous, speaks the Dharma which is a vision of
introspection, which is impermanent. distressed having an eye to a
person who is instinctive. man standing on top of rock mountain Just as
the people around you should be seen, O wise One around the eye His
sorrow was gone, and without it, he ascended to the sanctuary with
dharma. Please consider saw a crowd of people who were sorrowful already
possessed by the old nation Likewise, the Blessed One has a clear eye
even with this kind of Buddha\'s eye. It is called the Samatha Eye. The
Blessed One has gone near and far, well attained, well attained,
attained, attained, attained, comprising omniscience. which the
Tathagata\'s wisdom does not see, does not exist, besides, any nature
that should be known, which the Buddha does not There is no
enlightenment What nature should be recommended? The Tathagata knows
Then all the nature that should be recommended Therefore, the Tathagata
is called the Sacred Eye. The Blessed One has the Sacred Eye, even with
this Sage-Eight, therefore the Blessed One, the Blessed One, has
demonstrated it. on the sacred dharma
[728] the word sacred Dangerous
elimination means that the Dharma is manifested to him. which he knew
very well not by believing in others That this Dharma is thus, this
Dharma is thus, not by succession, not by continuation, not by reference
to texts, not by speculation. not by guesswork not by contemplating the
symptoms, not rightly, that they deserve one\'s view, therefore it is
called sakkhidhamma. The name of danger, in the word \"destroyer of
danger\", consists of two dangers, namely, danger appearing, (1) danger
concealed, 1. concerning two dangers, appearing danger. Why? Lions,
tigers, yellow tigers, bears, leopards, wolves, cattle, buffaloes,
elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, thieves, people who do evil
deeds. Eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body
disease, head disease, ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough,
asthma, the common cold, pox, epidemic fever, epilepsy, dysentery,
jaundice. Friction, root disease, leprosy, pox, eczema, eczema,
epilepsy, scabies, scabies, yaws, warts, yaws, yaws, and swelling
Hemorrhagic disease, Jaundice, Diabetes, Herpes, Impetigo, Hemorrhoids,
Sickness as a trait, Sputum as a trait. Path with wind as a premise
League of Nations Anxiety is born to the changing seasons. The ailment
was caused by the uneven management. Affliction comes from overpowering
perseverance. Suffering is born of karma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst,
pain in the stool, pain in urination, the touch of flies, mosquitoes,
wind, sun, and creeping beasts. These dangers are called hazards. It
appears. Why is the danger concealed? Corrupt body, corrupt speech,
corrupt mentality, eroticism, vendetta Neyon, Thienmitthanuorn
Uttajakukukjanuorn Wichikicchaniwon, sensuality, hatred, delusion,
anger, bound up with anger. Insulting you, arrogance, jealousy,
stinginess, arrogance, stubbornness, stubbornness, pride, contempt for
you, intoxication, negligence, all defilements, all corruption. All
anxiety, all heat, all pain All auspiciousness These dangers are called
hidden dangers. because of what therefore called dangerous Because of
its meaning that it possesses, therefore it is called dangerous.
Therefore it is called dangerous. of all unwholesome virtues Therefore
it is called dangerous. So what is the name of danger? Those dangers
dominate, suppress, oppress, overwhelm, eliminate, trample that person.
therefore called dangerous Like this. Because of the likelihood of
deterioration, what is the name of the danger? would lead to decay for
the disappearance of all wholesome qualities. Those dangers will lead to
decline. for the disappearance of these wholesome qualities? Those
dangers are likely to lead to decline for the disappearance of these
wholesome qualities, namely right practice, proper practice, non-enemy
practice. The practice is based on benefits. The practice of the Dharma
that is suitable for the Dharma, the completeness of all virtues. the
protector of the anal in all organic matter moderation in nutrition
frequent composition in being awakened, conscious, frequent In
cultivating the four foundations of mindfulness, the four enlightenment,
the four powers, the five energies, the five strengths, the seven noble
paths, the eightfold path, those dangers lead to decline. to the danger
of these wholesome dharmas. Because their meaning leads to
deterioration, it is called such a danger. So what is the name of
danger? those obscene natures would occur in that state It is the Dharma
that dwells in the self, like those living creatures that reside in the
hole. that dwells in water lies in the water Just as a dwelling in the
forest is in the forest, just as a dwelling in a tree is in the tree,
those filthy unwholesome qualities Likewise, dharmas reside in the self.
Therefore, because they are the dwelling place of unwholesome things,
these dharmas are called dangerous. As the Blessed One said: look at the
monks A monk who lives with the Anthevasik who live with the teacher
would be in trouble and not happy look at the monks A monk who lives
with the Anthevasik who live with the teacher How will it be difficult
and not happy? Look, monks. obscene morality There is a desire to wander
in a favorable mood for the benefit. It happens to a bhikkhu in this
Dhamma and Discipline because he sees a form with the eyes of those
obscene qualities. will permeate within that monk for the following
reasons So he called that monk who coexisted with Anthevasik For that
reason, those filthy unwholesome qualities swarmed with bhikkhus. So he
called that monk One who lives with the teacher. On the other hand,
unwholesome, obscene Dharma has wandered in the mood that is beneficial
to the welfare. would happen to a monk because hear by ear because the
smell with the nose because of the taste with the tongue because he was
right to touch with the body, because he was enlightened by the mind
those obscene virtues will permeate within that bhikkhu because of this
So he called that monk who coexisted with Anthevasik Those filthy
unwholesome qualities would swarm that monk. for this reason So he
called that monk who live with the teacher look at the monks A monk who
lives with Anthevasik who live with the teacher He lives in such a
misery and unhappiness. Therefore, because it is the dwelling place of
all unwholesome things, it is called such danger. Three things are
defiled within. as true as the Blessed One had said: Bhikkhus, these
three things are unclean inwardly, hostile inwardly. an enemy within
What are the three things that are internally slaying, an enemy within?
internally friendly an enemy within an assassin within an enemy within
wrath is unclean within. internally friendly an enemy within an assassin
within It is an enemy within, a ruler, a defilement within. internally
friendly an enemy within An executioner within, an enemy within,
Bhikkhus, these three things are internally unclean, hostile within,
enemy within. an assassin within an enemy within. Having finished
speaking the grammar of this proverb, he continued to write another
stanza: greed for the unprofitable Greed causes the mind to arise; greed
is a danger that arises within. The bully would not feel that danger. A
greedy person doesn\'t know the meaning. Greedy people do not see
righteousness. At any moment covetousness prevails over the people, and
at that moment greed prevails. Wrath arises for something that is not
beneficial; rage causes the mind Wrath is a danger that arises within. A
bully does not feel danger; an angry person does not know its meaning.
An angry person does not see Dharma; anger dominates the people at any
moment. The dull darkness exists at that moment. Moha still aggravates
the mind Desperation arises from within, and the ignorant does not feel
that danger. The astray does not know the meaning; the astray does not
see the truth. At that moment delusion prevails over the people, and at
that moment there is darkness, because it is the dwelling place of all
unwholesome things. Therefore it is called such a danger. As the Blessed
One said, \"Look at these three dharmas, when they arise in the interior
of a man, It arises for non-benefits, for suffering, for not being
happy. What are the three things? When it arises within a man, it arises
for not benefit, for suffering, for well-being. Dharma is anger when it
happens in the inner man It arises for the sake of not benefiting, for
suffering, for not being happy. Dharma is ruler when it arises in the
interior of a man It arises for non-benefits, for suffering, for
unsatisfaction. Look at these three things, when they arise within a
man, they arise for non-benefits, for suffering, for their well-being.
prophet When he had finished speaking this proverb, he continued to
write the verse, saying that greed, hatred, and delusion arise in
oneself, eradicating a man with a lewd mind. Like bamboo fluff to get
rid of bamboo, therefore. because it is the dwelling place of all
unwholesome qualities Therefore it is called this dangerous. Sensation
and anger have this condition as a cause. Born from this ego, not
pleased with merit, delighted with your sensual pleasures, causing
goosebumps from this existence and binding the mind. like children tying
ravens to their ankles. Therefore, because it is the dwelling place of
all unwholesome dharmas, it is called danger like this. a dangerous
machine a dangerous calm It\'s a dangerous sacrificial machine. as a
deterrent is immortal nirvana, therefore it is called the sacred dharma
as a means of eliminating danger.
[729] May His Highness preach,
enlighten, enlighten, appoint, appoint, classify, make shallow, declare
what is right, what is right, what is right, is not an enemy, is what is
beneficial. Dharma practice is suitable for dharma perfection in all the
precepts the protector of the anal in all organic matter Modesty in
nutrition, frequent fulfillment, awakening, awareness, 4 foundations of
mindfulness, 4 knowledge, 4 power, 4 organic matter, 5 strengths, 5
Bojjhana, the 7 Noble Path, the Eightfold Path, Nirvana, and the path
leading to Nirvana. The Lord Buddha had told the Patipada. Bhatdante.
Another thing, the word bhatdante means that His Highness has spoken,
decreed, appointed, revealed, made shallow, what dharma has been
declared. All these dharmas are good, prosperous, virtuous, blameless,
should be practiced, therefore they are called Reverend Sirs. Say the
Patimokkha.
[730] The word Patimok in the word Patimok or even
meditation means that the precepts are established. in the background to
be conscientious It\'s caution, it\'s the mouth, it\'s the subject,
it\'s ready. wholesome dharmas. The word or even samadhi means
concentration, persistence, steadfastness, non-swaying, non-distraction
of the mind. being of any kind Peace, concentration, strength
concentration, right concentration, therefore it is called Patimokkha or
even concentration. Therefore, the Buddha Nimit asked: The Blessed One
who has clear eyes He has enshrined the Dharma, a tool for eliminating
danger. May His Highness preach the Patimokkha, or even samadhi. He
should protect his ears from speech, should not be attracted to tastes,
should not cling to any body. of us in the world. Concerning the
vagabond with the eye
[732] The word bhikkhu should not be vain with
the eyes, meaning that a bhikkhu is also vain. How do you look? Some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline a fool with the eye It consists of
being ignorant as well. The eye thinks that images that have not yet
been seen should be viewed. The picture that we have seen, we should go
through as follows. which the journey is uncertain To the monastery to
the monastery To the garden to the garden To the house to the house To
the settlement, to the city, to the city, to the region to the
countryside to the countryside in order to look at the picture, a monk
is delusional with such an eye. A monk enters the neighborhood Walking
down the road, he was not compelled to walk, that is, looking at
elephants, watching horses, watching cars, watching pedestrians, looking
at women, looking at men, looking at children, looking at kumaris,
looking at the shop all the time, looking at the porch of the house,
looking upwards. Looking downward, looking at the smallest direction,
and the great direction, he walked, and a monk was loathed with such an
eye. The monk saw the form with his eye. bearer of visions Being a
consonant holder, he does not practice for communion that, when not
consolidated should cause unwholesome qualities that are obscene, namely
covetousness and sorrow, to dominate them. would not treat Chakhuntri
would not reach the composure in Chakhuntri A bhikkhu is delusional with
such an eye. Some monks and brahmins, who have given food in faith, are
eager to see the play which is an enemy to this kind of merit, namely,
the dance, the driving, the fanfare, the entertainment, the dances,
etc., the storytelling, the clapping songs, the gongs, the movies, the
beggar songs, and the strumming. For funeral games, elephant collisions,
horse races, buffaloes, cattle collisions, sheep fights, cockfighting,
quail fights, swordfights, boxing, wrestling, battles, military
inspections, organizing troops, even so a monk is loathsome, even so a
monk is not greedy. In this way, a bhikkhu enters the neighborhood,
walks along the streets, meditating, not looking at elephants, not
looking at horses, not looking at cars, not looking at pedestrians, not
looking at women, not looking at men, not looking. Pediatrics do not
look at Kumaris Do not look at the market do not look at the front of
the house don\'t look above don\'t look below Not looking at the small
and large directions, walking, a monk is not greedy with his eyes like
this. A bhikkhu, having seen a form with the eye, does not hold visions,
does not hold consonants, and acts in order to consolidate the eye.
which, when not restrained, will cause unwholesome qualities, namely
covetousness and sorrow, to dominate. would preserve Chakhunsee would
mean the composure in Chakhuntri A monk is not a lazy person. with even
this eye. some brahmins Just as a bhikkhu, having given in faith, is
eager to see such a play as an enemy to a charity, namely, dancing,
driving, fantasizing, entertaining, dancing, etc., telling stories,
etc., the army. play which is an enemy to such a charity A bhikkhu is
not wavering with such an eye. One should not be fooled by the eye, that
one should abandon, alleviate, put an end to nothing. which is loathsome
by the eye, that is, one who abstains, abstains, goes away, shakes off,
liberates, has nothing to do with with a greedy eye A person whose mind
is free from the realm of defilements, therefore, should not be fooled
by the eye. Concerning traits, matters of war, matters of rice, matters
of water, matters. The cloth, the ship, the bed, the flower, the
fragrance, the relative, the house, the settlement, the city, the
country, the woman, the man, the brave, the alley, the river, the person
who has passed away. Miscellaneous stories about the world, about the
sea, about prosperity and decay. Thus, it is called a speech, in the
word should protect the ear from speech, therefore it is called from the
word Kaka. The word should protect the ear, that is, protect it, prevent
it, block it, guard it, shut it down, cut off the ear from a speech,
therefore it is called protect it. From the talks. on various flavors
These are root flavor, stem flavor, bark flavor, leaf flavor, flower
flavor, fruit flavor, sour taste, sweet taste, bitter taste, hot taste,
salty taste, pungent taste, stinging taste, delicious taste, unpalatable
taste, cold taste, hot taste. addicted to taste, traveling, seeking the
best taste with the tip of the tongue The taste is not sour. seeks sour,
etc., obtains cold, and seeks hot. Those tastes hot and then seeks cold.
Those brahmins and brahmins, having acquired any flavor, are
dissatisfied with it. would travel in search of other flavors who
desires, desires, delights, enthralls, enthralls, ties in, entangles in
the pleasing taste, the craving, in that taste which a bhikkhu cuts off,
etc., has been burned with fire, that is insight. A monk considers it
with wisdom. then inevitably i feed not me to play no i\'m so drunk not
me to decorate No, I to adorn me, for the existence of this body. for
this body to be to get rid of hardships for the grace of the virtuous
alone, etc. Our comfort will be with the following tricks. People apply
wounds to heal wounds. Oil the wagon axle to carry the load. ate the
flesh of the sons to leave the wilderness Just as a bhikkhu considers
with wisdom and eats food, so too. not to play, etc., blamelessness and
comfort are to be evoked by the following scheme: A monk should abandon,
ease, and bring to an end, leading to the absence of craving for taste,
that is, he is abstaining, abstaining, abstaining, giving up, fading
away, irrelevant. Desiring to taste, one who has a mind free from the
realm of defilements, therefore is called not to be enthralled by
tastes. that ours in the world These are two things: our regard for
lust, this is called our esteem for lust, etc. This is called our esteem
for lust. A monk abandons the belief that our passion Relinquishing
one\'s view from my view, does not hold, does not hold, does not hold,
does not cling to, does not cling to, does not hold, does not hold, does
not hold, does not cling to, ears, nose, tongue, body, form, sound,
smell, taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune, yos, praising, happiness,
robe, alms, senasana. kilan factors pharmacokinetics, kamma-elements,
form-elements, non-formal-elements, kamma-elements, form-factors,
non-formal worlds, non-formal worlds, non-formal worlds, unseen worlds,
neva-sna-na-sana-phabs, eukvokarna-phops, quadrupeds, past-futures,
present-forms, sights, and sounds heard. known mood enlightened nature
What is our word? The word sankhara is form, feeling, covenant,
sankhara, spirit, anything. The word in the world is the evil world,
etc., ashamed of the world. Therefore, it is called not to hold any
body. that ours in the world. Because of that The Blessed One replied, A
bhikkhu should not be greedy with the eyes. They should protect their
ears from speech, they should not be attracted to tastes, they should
not hold any body. that we are in the world.
[736] When a bhikkhu
should be touched, then he should not be annoyed anywhere. undesirable
world and do not be dismayed because Cowardice. Concerning diseases

[737] When a bhikkhu should be touched, a monk should be touched by a
disease, possessed, swarmed, swarmed, assembled. Eye disease, eye
disease, nose disease, tongue disease, physical disease, head disease,
ear disease, oral disease, tooth disease, cough, asthma, the common
cold, pox, phlegm, stomach ailment, asthma, dysentery, colic. Root
disease, leprosy, pox, eczema, crown disease, epilepsy, scabies,
scabies, warts, leprosy, yaws, hemorrhagic jaundice, jaundice, diabetes,
herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids. Apathy has phlegm as a place, Apathy has
a wind as a place. Illness only occurs when the seasons change. Illness
occurs but management is not consistent. Illness occurs. but persistence
is beyond strength Suffering arises from karma, cold, heat, hunger,
thirst, pain in defecation, pain in urination, the touch of flies,
mosquitoes, wind, sun, and crawling beasts, which are right, dominated,
aggravated, and aggravated; therefore, a monk should be touched.
Whenever.
[738] The word then should not bother anywhere. That a
bhikkhu should not weep, weep, weep, talk about, weep. talkativeness,
lamentation, delirium, telling, telling symptoms Teller is not to arise,
not to be born, not to be born. Not to arise only. The word anywhere,
that is, anywhere, everywhere, internally, externally, internally and
externally. Therefore, it is called that, then, one should not mourn
anywhere.
[739] The word undesirable life means undesirable It is
undesirable, undesirable only for the erotic realm, the form, the
non-formal, therefore it is called undesirable. because of cowardice,
that danger is good, fear is good The symptoms are the same. Indeed, as
the Blessed One said: There will come. That danger, he said, has
external objects as emotions: lion, tiger, yellow tiger, bear, leopard,
wolves, cattle, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, thieves,
people who do evil deeds. A person who is prepared to do evil deeds, on
the other hand, by other symptoms, fear, fearful action, apprehension
goosebumps which is born to the mind within terror The shock of the
mind, the danger of life, the danger of old age, the danger of
pathology, the danger of death, the danger of the king, the danger of
thieves, the danger of fire, the danger of water, the danger of
self-blame. Peril but the reproach of others, peril of crime, peril of
adversity, peril of crocodile, peril of whirlpool, peril of evil. The
danger of livelihood, the danger of critics, the danger of terror in the
community, cowardice, and fear. goosebumps terror startle of mind called
disaster. One should not be moved because of cowardice, that is, a monk
sees or hears a frightening object. Not to be frightened, to be shaken,
to be terrified, to be terrified, to be afraid of fear, to be not
cowardly, to not be terrified, not to be startled, not to flee, to let
go of fear and cowardice. Without being timid Cowardly. Because of that.
The Blessed One replied, Should a bhikkhu be touched, at that time
should not roar anywhere. undesirable world and do not be dismayed
because of Cowardly.
[741] A monk, having acquired rice, good water,
good chewing, good cloth, should not be hoarded, should not be startled
when he does not obtain rice. Concerning rice, water and things that
should be chewed
[742] The word rice in the word rice is good, water
is good, food is good to be chewed, cloth is good, such as cooked rice,
Khanom Kummas, Sattu, fish, meat, and the word water, which are eight
kinds of pana: mango juice, wa fruit juice. Banana juice with seeds
Banana juice without seeds, masang fruit juice, sandalwood fruit juice,
lotus root juice, lychee juice. is the fruit juice Hawk\'s claw juice,
jujube juice, pan made with splat, oil, rice water, yaku, milk, pan made
with flavor. Chewable items made from wood rhizomes. Chewable items made
from tree bark. Chewable items made with leaves Sweet treats made with
flowers Chewable items made of fruit. The word cloth includes 6 types of
robes: bark cloth, cotton, silk, wool, flax, and bark cloth. Therefore,
it is called good rice, good water, good chewing. Cloth is good.
Concerning obtaining righteousness
[743] The word \"acquired\" in the
word \"acquired\" \... should not be accumulated. It means received,
received, acquired, experienced, only obtained, not by lies. Not by
speaking or side-by-side, not by making visions. not by eliminating you
Not by seeking, gaining with wealth, not by giving real wood. not by
giving bamboo not by giving leaves not by giving flowers not by giving
fruit not by giving a shower not by giving not by giving clay not by
giving a toothpick not by gargling not with words aimed at making them
love themselves Not by vain words, not by manners that flatter him. not
by being seated (His acquaintance) is not by astrology. not with the
brute not with peculiarities Not by dharma and time, not by walking as
an ambassador. not by being a servant Not by being a messenger, not by
medicine. not with the concept not by giving a lump of rice in return
not by giving and adding But I have received, I have received, I have
experienced, I have experienced, I have achieved only by virtue and
continuity, therefore it is called acquired. should not be accumulating,
that is, not accumulating rice, accumulating water, accumulating cloth,
accumulating errands, accumulating bedding. collection of incense The
assembling of the amis, that is, not to be accumulated, to be born, to
be born, to be born, to be born only, therefore it is called \... not to
be accumulated.
[744] The word that when rice is not obtained as such,
one should not be startled, meaning a monk should not. Shocked, excited,
startled, scared We don\'t get rice, we don\'t water, we don\'t clothe,
we don\'t get our family, we don\'t get alms, we don\'t get wealth, we
don\'t get rank, we don\'t glorify, we don\'t get happiness, we don\'t
get robes, we don\'t alms, we don\'t offer alms. did not kill the
pharmacological factor not knowing not a name A voice appeared thus: A
bhikkhu should not be cowardly, terrified, not frightened, not fleeing,
let alone fear and cowardice. Without being dizzy, therefore, it is
called that when the rice is not obtained, one should not be startled.
Blessed One therefore replied that The rice is good, the water is good,
the food is good, the food is chewed, the cloth is not hoarded, and when
the rice is not obtained, the monk should not be startled.
[745] Don\'t
be lazy because of your feet. should abstain from rage, not be careless,
and stay seated in a bed with little sound. Concerning one who has jhana
One should not be dejected because of his feet, that is, a bhikkhu
should have meditation even with the first jhana. be a meditation Even
with the Second Jhana, one should have the Jhana, even with the Later
Jhana. should be one who has meditation even with four jhanas should be
one who has jhana even with jhana and scrutiny should be one who has
Jhana, even with Jhana, without worries, but with contemplation One
should have meditation, even with meditation, without worry, without
consideration. be a meditation Even with Jhana having joy should be one
who has meditation even with no joyful meditation be a person with
meditation Congratulations to the United States with joy One who has
contemplation, even with joyful contemplation, one who has
contemplation, even with joyous contemplation should be one who has
meditation even with the United States and with equanimity One who has
Jhana, even with Jhana as Sunnata. One who has Jhana, even with Jhana as
an animita, One who will be Jhana, even with Jhana as an appanihita
should be a person who has meditation even with a worldly meditation be
a person with meditation with jhana as lokutra, that is, one who is
delighted in jhana One who strives for one\'s mind and one\'s emotions,
one who is heavy in his own interests, therefore, is called one who is
meditative. Concerning one who is lazy at the feet, the word should not
be vain because of the feet, meaning a monk is lazy because How are the
feet? Some forms in this Dharma and Discipline one who is reluctant
because of the feet, is filled with laziness because of the feet which
the journey is uncertain To the monastery but to the monastery To the
garden but the garden To the house but the house To the settlement, to
the city, to the city, to the country but to the country, to the
countryside, to the countryside, a monk is impatient because of his
feet. A bhikkhu is a person who is reluctant because of the foot in the
sangharam, not walking because of benefit. not walking because of being
distracted, having a restless mind, walking to a specific area walk to
the temple, but the temple Walked to a house with a single strip of
roof, but the house had single bar roof Walk to the castle, but the
castle walk to the bald roof house, but the bald roof house walk to the
cave but the cave walk to the hidden, but the elusive Walk to Kudi Tae
Kudi Walk to the top of the tower Walk to the top of the tower Walk to
the marquee, but the marquee Walk to the house where the things are kept
and the storage house. walk to my shed but my shed Walked to the
roundhouse, but the roundhouse walked to the base of the tree, but the
base of the tree. or walks in the place where the monks sit, she is
second to one of the monks. being the third of two monks is the fourth
of three monks would talk about There was a lot of rambling in that
place, namely, about the king, about the thieves, about the sea, about
the prosperity and deteriorated by that A bhikkhu is reluctant because
of his feet even this way. A bhikkhu should not be hesitant by his feet,
that a monk should abandon, alleviate, put an end to nothing. which is
vain because of the feet, that is, one should abstain, refrain, refrain,
renounce, vacate, irrelevant. with a stubbornness because of the feet
should be one whose mind is free from the realm of defilements behave
hospitably Change behavior, behave, go to maintain, maintain, heal. That
monk should be secluded welcomed in seclusion Aspiring for inner peace
of mind, not estranged from meditation, consisting of Vipassana.
Increases living in an empty house, is one who has contemplation,
delights in meditation, strives for one\'s mind and emotions. He is
heavy on his own benefit, therefore it is called a bhikkhu who has
meditation. should not be vain because of the feet.
[747] The word rage
in the word should refrain from rage, not underestimate that even the
arrogance of hands foot rage fiery hands and feet it\'s called rage The
importance of what should not be The importance of things that
shouldn\'t be The importance of something that is blameless as
punishment, importance of something that is harmful as being without
blame, annoyance, irritating action, nuisance, mental distress, and
worry, this is called nuisance. On the one hand, nuisance, mental
affliction, and worry arise for two reasons: because of action and
non-action, nuisance, mental distress, and worry arise from action and
because of non-action? Mental troubles and worries arise that we corrupt
We do not act honestly. We do bad words, we do not speak honestly, we do
bad words. We don\'t act honestly. we make sacrifices We don\'t do the
machine intent. Abstaining from panatipat we do tinnatan We do not
deliberately abstain from adinnatan, we commit adultery. We do not
deliberately abstain from adultery. We do not lie. We do not
deliberately abstain from lies. we do verbal pizza We do not
deliberately abstain from pisuna speech, we do verbal abuse. We do not
intentionally refrain from verbal abuse. we made fish touch We do not
deliberately refrain from touching fish, we do enlightenment, we do not
do enlightenment, we do vindictiveness, we do not do ignorance. We do
hypocrisy We do not do right, nuisance, mental distress, and worry arise
because of doing and not doing this. On the other hand, nuisance, mental
distress, and worry arise that I am not a perfectionist in morality. We
are not protecting the anus in organic matter. We are immeasurable in
food; we are not awakened by perseverance. We do not develop
consciousness, we do not develop satipatthana 4, we do not develop
enlightenment 4, we do not develop power, 4 we do not develop organic
matter, 5 we do not develop physical strength, 5 we do not develop
enlightenment. 7 We did not prosper The Noble Eightfold Path, I do not
define suffering. We did not abandon Samutai. We do not develop the
path, we do not cause nirodha. to abstain from rage, to abstain, to
refrain from rage, to refrain from rage, to put an end to rage; to be
abstaining, to abstain, to refrain, to renounce, to vacate; to refrain
from rage; to be mindful. Without a realm of defilements, therefore, it
is called to refrain from rage. On negligence, the word reckless means
one should act with generosity, contact, do non-stop, behave
incessantly, do not sway, do not give up, do not neglect. In all the
dharmas of charity, contentment, effort, perseverance, diligence vigor
indifference, recollection, consciousness Perseverance is the engine of
passion all around. determined perseverance, determination, frequent
commitment In that wholesome dharma, when we should attain the virtuous
aggregates that are not yet complete, or we should honor the virtuous
aggregates there with wisdom, this is called negligence. In all dharmas,
charity, contentment, effort ... frequent work in that charity When
should we still be able to concentrate on the aggregates that are not
yet complete? or should we cherish the fullness of concentration There,
with wisdom as follows, is called carelessness in all virtues of
charity, contentment, effort, \... In that wholesome dharma, when we
should attain wisdom that is not yet perfect, or we should support the
wisdom that is perfect there with wisdom as follows: name is not
Heedlessly in all the dharmas on the side of charity. The contentment,
the effort, the frequent action in the virtuous dharma. That dharma that
when we should attain the liberation that is not yet complete. or should
we analyze liberty which is complete in that place with wisdom, thus
called carelessness in all virtuous dharmas. in that wholesome dharma
that when we should remain vimuttiyanatasakhan that is not yet complete
Or should we honor Wimuttinanadassanakhan that is abundant in there with
wisdom as follows: heedlessness in all virtuous dharmas: contentment,
effort, perseverance, diligence. vigor indifference, recollection,
consciousness Perseverance is hot passion machine Determination,
determination, and the recurring practice of wholesome qualities, that
when we should determine the unresolved suffering We should abandon all
the defilements that have not yet been abandoned. We should continue the
path that has not yet developed. or that we should make it clear to the
nirodha that has not yet been made known as follows: negligence in all
virtues That is why it is called to refrain from rage. Do not be
heedless.
[748] As in words, and a bhikkhu sits in a seat, in a bed
with a low voice, a junction, etc., where does a bhikkhu sit? That place
is called a seat, such as a bed, a seat, a mattress, a mat, a piece of
leather, a lawn mower. leaf milling machine Straw machine. Senasana. It
is called a berth, namely a sanctuary, a house, a single roof, a castle,
a bald-roofed house, and a cave; therefore, it is called a seat, or a
bed. The word bhikkhu dwells in a low voice, meaning a bhikkhu should
wander, restrain, change his posture, conduct, maintain, maintain, heal
in a sound seat. less is having a low rumbling sound without traffic
people Human secret karma should be done. worthy of escaping, hence the
name, and a bhikkhu should sit in a seat, in a bed with little noise.
The Blessed One replied, Bhikkhus should be meditative Don\'t be lazy
because of your feet. refrain from rage Don\'t be careless and stay in
your seat. In a bed with little noise.
[749] A monk should not sleep
much. be persevering Awakening brothel Refrain from idleness, deceit,
laughter, and play of the Gemini Dharma, which are accompanied by
ornamentation.
[750] The word \"bhikkhus should not sleep much,
meaning that a monk should divide the night and Six parts of daylight
are waking up, five parts are awakened, and one part is asleep,
therefore, a monk should not sleep much.
[751] The word one should
persevere in the awakening, meaning that in this Dharma and Discipline,
a bhikkhu should purify the mind from the Dharma as a barrier By walking
and sitting all day long, one should purify the mind from the Dhamma as
a barrier. by walking and sitting Throughout the beginning of the night
be successful Siha Saiya (sleeping like a lion) by the right side
overlapping feet be sensible Make a promise to wake up in your mind.
Throughout the middle of the night wake up cleanse your mind Purity from
the Dharma is a barrier. By walking and sitting through the last night
of the night. A brothel and awakening, that is, one should indulge in, a
brothel, and a brothel, which is the awakening, therefore it is called a
awakening. The word perseverance means perseverance. These are the
aspirations of perseverance, forthcoming, progression, ascension,
effort, perseverance, diligence, stability, steadfastness, and progress
does not stagnate. nonconformist Indifference, carelessness,
persistence, vigor, viriya, viriya, samāvayama, which are spiritual. A
bhikkhu enters, enters, enters, enters, enters, enters already assembled
with this perseverance That bhikkhu is called perseverance, hence the
name one should persevere in waking up. including laziness, laziness,
laziness, laziness Laziness, laziness, lazy behavior laziness This is
called laziness. The word deceit means deceitful behavior. It\'s called
a lie. Some people in this world corrupt behavior verbal corrupt
behavior corrupt behavior making obscene desires because of the
concealment of corruption, that is, he wishes that no one would know me
(that we are doing evil) thinks that no one knows me, thinks that no one
knows me, so verbally (that he has no evil conduct), thinks that no one
knows me, then he strives with the body. deceit verb is a mask Acts that
hide the truth, actions that hide the fault offence avoidance of guilt
behavior that avoids guilt behavior that hides evil behavior that hides
evil wicked behavior An act of concealing evil, secrecy, undisclosure
guilt bad behavior This is called deception. It\'s about playing with
two things. Laughter means that some people in this world would laugh
more than about until the teeth appeared. It was true as the Blessed One
said look at the monks Laughter is beyond measure. This appears to be a
child\'s action. In the Noble Discipline, it is called playing, which is
two kinds of play, namely physical play and verbal play. 1. What is
physical play? Some people play elephants, horses, some cars, some
archery, some play chess in a row of eight eyes, some play chess in a
row of 10 eyes, some play checkers. play for Mrs. Can you play chess?
play some snare Some playing with a stick, playing with flicking,
showing pictures, playing some ska, playing some leaf blowing, some
playing a little plow, some playing vault. play some turbines Some play
in the sand, some play with a little car, some play with a little bow,
some play and write some guesses. Let\'s play some greetings Play
impersonating a beggar This is called physical play. What is verbal
play? playing the mouth harp They play drums with their mouths, play
whistles, play knockers, play blows, play songs, shout, sing and laugh.
This is called verbal play. Name: Gemini including the dharma of the
wicked The Dharma of the villagers, the Dharma of the wicked, the Dharma
of the wicked, the Dharma that is the most purified by water. Dharma
done in secret Dharma is the readiness of two people. Gemini. has
relapsed sensuality possessed by a lustful mind They are both the same
people because of this reason. The graduate said Gemini Dharma. Two
people quarrel. called companions Two people make a sign of betrothal.
called companions two people made a scandal called companions two people
quarreling called companions Two people make a prayer They are called
companions. Two people talking to each other are called companions. two
people arguing Just as they are called companions, the Dharma of
companions, the one who desires, desires, who is saturated with
sensuality. has relapsed sensuality possessed by a lustful mind They are
both the same people because of the following reasons. So the sage said,
So, so is Gemini Dharma. It\'s about adorning two things called
adornment. namely, there are two kinds of decorations: the decoration of
the lay people; the decoration of the monks 1. What is the decoration of
the layman? Hair styling, mustache, flower styling, incense sticking,
skin dyeing, and decoration. dressing up wearing beautiful clothes
Wearing a turban, balancing the body, body massage, bathing, bending,
looking in the mirror, dabbing the eyes, putting on a wreath, applying
the mouth, anointing the face, tying the wrists, tying the hair, using
the cane, using the wand. using swords, using umbrellas, wearing
beautiful shoes, wearing a cutting board, attaching a face frame,
pinning, using a fan, wearing white cloth. long men\'s clothing This is
called the decoration of the layman. What is the decoration of the
monks? alms giving or decorating, decorating, playing fun in decorating
enjoyment of decoration desire to decorate preference for decoration
adornment the embellishment which this decaying body, or all external
This is called the decoration of monks. Refrain from idleness, deceit,
laughter, and play. accompanying with ornamentation, that one should
refrain, mitigate, cause an end to nothing. The idleness, the deceit,
the laughter, the play, the Gemini Dharma, which goes with the
decoration, that is, the family, the equipment, and the attendant;
therefore, one should refrain from idleness, deceit, laughter, and play;
The Blessed One replied, \"A monk should not sleep much. be persevering
Awakening brothel Refrain from idleness, deceit, laughter, and play,
Gemini Dharma, which go with adornment.
[753] Do not engage in
paranormal making, dream prediction, character prediction and auspicious
viewing, and do not use brothel to predict the sound of animals singing.
medicine for pregnancy and treatment of disease. on doing the paranormal

[754] the word monk Do not engage in doing the paranormal, divination,
guessing, character and observing the auspiciousness. It means that
those who perform the paranormal practice the paranormal, that is, when
the city is besieged. or when the war is facing each other would cause
misery to arise, cause misery to arise, cause disease to arise. let
colic occur allow the disease to take root let sepsis occur cause
dysentery to occur in the enemy foes The magical people perform the
paranormal. business Make a paranormal like this. It\'s about
divination. people who dream would predict that morning dreamer will
have this effect noon dreamer will have this effect evening dreamer It
will have this effect, the person who dreamed at the beginning will have
this effect, the person who dreamed in the middle will have this effect,
the person who dreamed later will have this effect. The person sleeping
on the right is dreaming. It will have this effect, the person sleeping
on the left dreams will have this effect, the person sleeping on his
back dreaming will have this effect, the person sleeping on his side
dreaming will have this effect. dreamer of the moon will have this
effect dreamer see the sun will have this effect dreamer of the ocean
will have this effect Dreamer sees Sinerurat mountain will have this
effect elephant dreamer It will have this effect. People who dream of
seeing horses will have results like this. People who dream of seeing
cars will have results like this. Dreamers see pedestrians will have
this effect Dreamer sees a group of Sena will have this effect A dreamer
sees a pleasant garden. There will be this effect. The dreamer sees a
pleasant forest. will have this effect A dreamer sees a pleasant region.
will have this effect The dreamer sees a pleasant vowel. This will have
a consequence. people who dream would prophesy dreams like this. people
who predict It predicts the characteristics of glass, staff, cloth,
sword, arrow, weapon, female, male, child, painted, slave, horse,
buffalo, cow, goat, sheep, chicken, quail, monstrous, bouquet. The
nature of the turtle, the nature of the dragon, those who predict the
characteristics will predict such characteristics. people who look
auspicious would check to see that there are 28 auspicious days,
auspicious events for the new house should be done by this time
Auspicious work with jewelry should be done by this time Auspicious
wedding ceremony should be done on this auspicious occasion. Planting
auspicious event. should be done by this time auspicious event at home
It should be done on this auspicious occasion. Those who see the
auspicious time examine the auspicious occasion. should not engage in
doing the paranormal, divination, predicting the nature and viewing the
auspicious time. Do not behave in a hospitable manner do not adhere to
behavior Which the paranormal, divination, prediction of characteristics
and auspiciousness. Another thing should not be taken, should not be
held, should not be remembered should not go into memory Should not
enter into the setting, should not be involved in doing the paranormal,
predicting dreams, guessing the nature and seeing the auspiciousness.
Therefore, it is called that should not be involved in doing the
paranormal, dreaming, guessing the nature and watching the auspicious
time. On the prediction of the sound of meat and birds
[ 755] The
sound of flesh and the sound of birds called a cry Addicted to the
sounds of animals singing. medicine for pregnancy and curing disease:
Those who know the sound of meat and birds predict the sound of meat and
birds, that is, they know the cry. voice of dialogue of birds or
four-footed beasts People who know the sound of meat and birds Predicts
the sound of meat and birds like this. Pregnancy is not for two reasons.
would still be pregnant A womb is not formed for two reasons: by the
animals; 1, with the raging wind; 1. Those who conceive pills give
medicines to heal the beasts. or to treat recurrent wind People who make
medicines to get pregnant would still be pregnant Up like this. On the
treatment of disease name of treatment Including the treatment of five
diseases, namely, the treatment of Sekbao Surgical treatment, drug
treatment, ghost treatment Pediatric treatment. A bhikkhu is a bhikkhu
who respects the Lord Buddha. Buddhist monk clergyman the monk who
respects would respect the Blessed One, or would the Blessed One accept
that person. Bhikkhus, who are deceitful, stubborn, frivolous, arrogant,
glorious, lofty, like a reed, without concentration? those monks The
name is the one who disrespects us. He is devoid of this Dharma and
Discipline, and will not reach the fullness and prosperity of this
Dharma and Discipline. Bhikkhus, these monks are not deceitful. not vain
talk, wise, not harsh, good concentration. Look at these monks. The name
is our worshiper who is not devoid of moral discipline and it means
thrive in this Dharma and Discipline. When this proverb was finished
speaking therefore spoke a spell wrote further that Bhikkhus who
deceive, stubborn, talk nonsense, have high energy like a reed, do not
concentrate. would not grow in the Dharma and Discipline that the Lord
Buddha Buddha has shown As for those monks who are not deceitful, do not
talk gibberish, are wise, are not harsh, and are well concentrated, they
grow in the Dhamma and Discipline that the Lord Buddha has taught.
venerable monk Do not use the brothel to guess the sound of animals
singing. concocting medicine for pregnancy and treating disease do not
use brothel Not to take drugs, not to behave, not to behave in a
hospitable manner. do not adhere to behavior which predicts the sound of
animals singing, concocting medicines to conceive Another thing, one
should not cling to, not to hold, not to hold, not to hold, not to
impose, not to engage in guessing the sounds of beasts. medicine for
pregnancy and cure disease. Therefore, he is called a bhikkhu who
respects Do not use the brothel to guess the sound of animals singing.
medicine for pregnancy and treatment of disease. The Blessed One
replied, venerable monk Should not engage in paranormal making, dream
prediction, predicting characteristics and auspiciousness, should not
use fortune telling on animal cry, concocting medicines to conceive. and
healing.
[756] A monk should not be moved by gossip. praised by him,
should not be raised, should alleviate greed. Along with stinginess,
anger, and slanderous speech. Regarding not being moved by gossip and
praise,
[757] The word not to be moved by gossip means that some
people in this world gossip, criticize, or insult a bhikkhu by birth or
by clan. by being the son of some family By being a person of some
beauty by some property by some invitation by work, some by liberal arts
by some academic standing by some studies by some improvisation by some
other objects. A bhikkhu who has been criticized by gossip, should not
be shaken, shaken, inclined, startled, struggling, anxious, and fearful
of terror, that is, he should not be cowardly, terrified, terrified,
fleeing because of gossip, reproach, disgrace, dishonor. Condemned, one
should give up fear and cowardice, free from any dread, therefore it is
called not to be shaken in because of gossip.
[758] The word that a
monk is praised should not be raised, meaning that some people in this
world glorify, commend, honor, describe a bhikkhu by life, etc., by
other objects. A monk is praised, commended, praised, described. you
should not rise should not relapse, should not be arrogant should not be
harsh, that is, should not be arrogant a stubborn, snobbish person
because of praise because of compliments because of admiration because
of your description Therefore, it is called a monk who is praised and
should not be raised. It is about the five kinds of stinginess
[759]
called greed, in the word greed should be relieved with stinginess,
anger and slander. including greed, greedy behavior, desire verb The
stinginess is the five kinds of stinginess, namely stinginess, abbots,
etc. This jealousy is called stinginess. The name anger is malice,
malice, resentment, resentment, resentment, general indignation. Always
resentment, hatred, always hatred, always hatred, vengeance of the mind.
heart attack, anger, anger anger, hatred, detestable behavior, hatred,
vindictiveness, vengeful behavior vindictiveness, wrath, resentment,
savageness cry of anger The lack of happiness of the mind. The word
Sneaky speech means that some people in this world who has a slanderous
speech, that is, heard from one side and told the other to destroy this
group or heard from over there and told this side To destroy the crowd,
to destroy the people who are in harmony with each other. Support
different people I like people who are cliques Congratulations to people
who are cliques, enjoy people who are cliques. He is the one who speaks
the words that make up the clan. This is called the verbal being.
Sneaky. On the other hand, a person introduces slander for two reasons:
with the intention of being endearing, 1 with the will to divide them,
and 1, with a slander. How is it intended to be loved? A person
introduces slanderous words with the aim of being endearing in this way:
I will be endearing, agreeable, confidant, inwardly, pleasing to this
person. How does one bring in slander? A person wants them to be
divided, so that these people should be different, divided, divided into
factions, into two factions, two factions. live in trouble with the
following ruse Bring one of the slanderous words. alleviate greed
together with stinginess, anger and slanderous speech, that a monk
should relieve, renounce, eliminate, and put an end to the absence of
greed, stinginess, anger, and slanderous speech; therefore it is called
to relieve greed, together with stinginess, anger, and Sneaky speech.
Because of that. The Blessed One replied, A monk should not be moved by
gossip. being praised by him, should not be raised, should alleviate
greed. with stinginess, anger and slanderous speech. Do not make
defilements as a tool that is somewhat skewed in any place that should
not be involved in the home. and should not speak side-by-side with
people because of the desire for wealth.
[761] which the Blessed One
has forbidden in the Discipline Those purchases and sales are not
intended in this context. How does a monk stand in buying and selling?
or desire for prosperity would exchange alms bowls, robes, etc., with
the five types of Saha Dhammakasi, where a monk sits in buying and
selling. Like this. How does a monk not settle in trading? A monk does
not deceive. or does not desire prosperity, exchanges alms bowls, robes,
or any other service, with the five types of Sahha-dhammaks A bhikkhu
should not settle in buying or selling, that is, a bhikkhu should not be
standing Should not exist in buying and selling, should abandon,
alleviate, cause an end to the absence of buying and selling, should
abstain, refrain, go out, shake off, be completely voided, irrelevant.
with buying and selling should be one whose mind is free from the realm
of defilements, therefore it is called not to stand In buying and
selling. Concerning defilements,
[762] the word monks should not
commit defilements anywhere, meaning that defilements are defilements?
There are some ascetics and brahmins, who are powerful, have the eye of
wisdom, know the minds of others, ascetics. those brahmins Can be seen
from a distance Somewhere near does not appear know the mind by the mind
Some of the devas who are powerful, who have high vision, know the minds
of others, those deities who can be seen from some distance. Somewhere
near does not appear Know the mind by the mind Those ascetics, brahmins,
and devas tend to be stubborn with some coarse defilements. with some
moderate passion with some subtle defilements. What is rough defilement?
Corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt mentality, these are called Rough
defilement. What is moderate defilement? Medium passion. Fine passion is
Why? Anxiety about relatives rural anxiety Anxiety about Amornthep
rebellious anxiety by being kind to others Anxiety that is endangered by
wealth, worship and praise. Anxiety that is not despised, these worries
are called subtle defilements. One should be somewhat swayed with coarse
defilements, some moderate defilements, and some fine defilements. That
is, should not do all the defilements, which is a machine that is
somewhat skewed. These defilements should not be created to be ready, to
be born, to be born only, to be renounced, to be alleviated, to be put
to an end to nothing. which all desires is a machine of neglect, one
should abstain, refrain, go forth, shake off, be liberated, not related
to defilements One should have a mind free from the realm of
defilements. The word \"wherever\" means anywhere, anywhere, internally,
externally, internally and externally. Therefore, a monk should not
commit defilements anywhere.
[763] Note the diagnosis in the word Do
not be involved in the following households: A monk is concerned How are
you involved in the house? monks in this discipline would be involved in
rejoicing and sorrow with the householders in the house When the laymen
are happy, they are happy too. Suffering is suffering. When there is a
business that needs to be done, it comes to helping yourself. A monk is
involved in a household like this. Again, in the morning the monk is at
peace. Taking alms bowls and robes, going into houses or settlements for
alms, not keeping your body, not keeping your speech, not keeping your
mind, not setting your mind. organic She was involved in that place.
will be accepted in that place would be stuck in that place to the
desolation in that place monks are involved in Even in a house like
this. How is a monk not involved in a house? is not involved, does not
rejoice, does not share sorrow with the laymen in the house When the
laymen are happy they are not happy, when there is suffering they are
not suffering. When there is a business that needs to be done It does
not reach the help of oneself, a bhikkhu has nothing to do with the
household in this way. In the morning the monks are at peace holding
alms and robes Going into a house or settlement for alms, healing your
body, healing your speech, keeping your mind, setting your mind, resting
your body, are not involved in that place. would not accept that place
would not be stuck in that place, not reaching woe in that place A
bhikkhu is not involved in a household like this. irrelevant in the
house, meaning that a bhikkhu should not be involved, not accepting, not
being attached, not being involved in the house, should not be
enthralled and enthralled in the house should be a loser without desire
having given up the desire, etc., one should live like a brahma;
therefore, it is called irrelevant. in the house. Concerning the side
speech
[764] be aware of the judgment in the word Do not speak
side-by-side because of the desire for wealth, as follows: What is the
circumstance of speaking? side-by-side speaking bragging Speaking well,
eloquently, being a talker aims to make him love himself. The talker is
like peas, the flattering. fickle talker (like eating the flesh of
others) graciousness the speech is not rude to other peoples Worship and
Praise lustful of desire being devoted to Amis heavy in the world This
action is called side-by-side speaking. A bhikkhu lays side by side with
people for two reasons: setting oneself low, raising others high,
speaking sideways, 1 raising oneself, setting others low. talk side by
side 1. How does a bhikkhu set himself low, raise others up high, talk
to his people like this? ye have I have given me robes, alms,
ceremonies, and ceremonies, because by your dependence, even others are
important to give or to do for me; they, based on you, for your sakes,
therefore do for me, even the old name. belonging to mother and father
Even my name has disappeared. I appear because of you saying It is a
group of worshipers over there. It is the clan of upasikas. A bhikkhu
raises oneself low, raises others high, speaks side-by-side with people
like this. set others low How do you speak alongside the people? set
others low say side by side like this I am very supportive of you. You
depend on me to the Lord Buddha as your refuge, to the Dharma as your
refuge. to the monks as a refuge abstaining from alms except for
Athinnathan Abstaining from sexual harassment abstain from lies except
for the reason that It is a place of negligence because of the
drunkenness of liquor and intoxicants. I would tell Pali, I would give
an explanation of Pali. would say the ubosot will direct the
construction to you, but you have forgotten me. He reveres and worships
other monks. A monk raises himself up, raises others low, speaks like
this. One should not speak side-by-side because of the desire to gain
wealth; that is, a bhikkhu, when giving good fortune, should not speak
side-by-side with his people, that is, he should abandon, alleviate,
cause an end to the absence of things. out, lapsed, not related to speak
side by side because of good fortune because of the fortune Because of
the emergence of good fortune, one should have a mind free from the
realm of defilements. Therefore, it is called that one should not talk
alongside people because of the desire for wealth. The Blessed One
replied, A monk should not settle in buying and selling. Do not make
defilements as a tool that is somewhat skewed in any place that is not
involved in the home. One should not speak side-by-side with people
because of the desire for wealth.
[765] A monk should not boast. One
should not speak eloquently, not study arrogance. and should not speak
arrogant words. On arrogance
[766] be sure to explain in the words A
bhikkhu should not boast as follows: Some monks, in this Dhamma and
Discipline A monk boasts, boasts, and boasts; that monk boasts and
boasts that I am complete, with some virtues, with some rules. arrived
with some precepts and observances with some births, some with some
clans, some with some offspring Even with being a person of beauty, with
some wealth with some invitation with some work, some with liberal arts
arrived with some academic standing Arrived with some education arrived
with some impartiality Even with some other objects, we were ordained
from some noble families. ordained from a family with some wealth
ordained from a family with some great wealth who remembers some sutras
who remembers some discipline Is it a Dharma? is the holder of the
forest for some observance, etc. A bhikkhu does not boast in such a
manner, that is, he should abandon, alleviate, put an end to nothing.
whose boasting should be abstained, abstained, shunned, shaken off,
freed from bragging, should be one whose mind is free from the realm of
defilements, hence the name that a bhikkhu should not speak boasting
about speaking with purpose
[767] You should know how to explain in
the word Do not say the following words: speech can be Why? Some monks
in this Dharma and Discipline would say words aimed at getting a robe
speaking words aiming for alms, speaking words aiming for alms verbally
aiming to get the medicinal factor This speech is called verbal aiming.
one more thing Some bhikkhus speak the truth, some lie, and some
slander. Speak rudely, Speak rudely, Speak rudely. talk some gibberish
do not talk gibberish speak with some wisdom because of the robe because
of alms because of the cause of Senasana because of the cause of Kilan,
the medicinal factor Although this speech is called Words can focus.
Another one. A monk has a mind of devotion. preaching the Dharma to
other peoples, thinking, Oh, people, listen to my Dharma. After
listening to the Dharma after being devout To us this speech is called
Words can focus. The word One should not speak, that a monk should not
tell, not to speak, not to show, not to express what is to be said. as
well as utterance of the Dharma is the greatest, should be abandoned,
alleviated, and brought to an end, leading to the absence of which
speech can lead. should be abstained, refrained, evicted, liberated,
unrelated to speech, able to concentrate; one whose mind is free from
the realm of defilements; therefore it is called that speech should not
be aimed at. The word anger should not be studied, which includes three
kinds of rage: physical rage, verbal rage, and mental rage. 1. What is
the fervor of the body? Some monks in this Dhamma and Discipline It\'s
good to be in the monks. It\'s good to be in the faculty. It\'s good to
be in my school. It\'s good to be in the firebox. It\'s good to be at
the pier. Going into the neighborhood How does a bhikkhu in the Sangha
show his bodily rage? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline are in
the Sangha, without fear. standing and pushing some elder monks sit and
squeeze some elder monks stand in front sit in front Sit on a high asana
Some sit over their heads, stand stiff (standing without bending down),
speak some, raise their arms and speak. How does a bhikkhu in the Sangha
show his bodily rage? How does a bhikkhu in the community show his
bodily rage? When the Thera monks were walking without shoes put on
shoes and walk When the Thera monks walk in the low state walk in the
high court When the monks who are Thera walking on earth He walked in a
sanctuary, stood and squeezed, and sat and squeezed. stand in front sit
in front Sit on a high asana sit over his head stand firm and speak
waving his arms to speak monks in the faculty Showing bodily rage like
this. How does a monk in my school show physical rage? Some monks in
this Dharma and Discipline are in my house, not showing their reverence.
sit and intervene with the monks who are Thera sitting in front of the
asana Some monks who are navaka, some stand and squeeze, some sit and
squeeze. stand in front sit in front Some sat on a high seat, some
covered their heads. stand firm and speak waving his arms to speak The
monks in the school, I show Physical rage like this. How does a bhikkhu
in a firehouse show his bodily rage? Some monks in this Dhamma and
Discipline in the firebox do not respect standing and pushing some elder
monks Some sit and squeeze the elder monks, some stand in front of them.
sit in front Sit on a high asana Don\'t tell me first and put some
firewood, don\'t tell me first, then close the door. A monk in a
firehouse shows his bodily rage. How does a bhikkhu at a river show his
bodily rage? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline are at a
waterfront, not showing their reverence. get down and squeeze some elder
monks Down in front, squeezing in, shower in front. Take a bath above
the water squeeze some up ahead up above the water A monk is at the
waterfront showing his bodily fervor. The monk is entering the
neighborhood. How do you show your bodily fervor? in this discipline
entering the neighborhood do not respect walking and pushing some elder
monks walk forward walk up in front of some Thera monks The bhikkhu is
entering the neighborhood, showing such arrogance. The bhikkhu has
entered the neighborhood. How do you show your bodily fervor? in this
discipline into the neighborhood when he doesn\'t say Go in, Lord, go
in, when he does not say Stand, Lord, stand, when he does not say Sit,
my lord, sit down, go into the wrong opportunity Standing in the place
where the opportunity shouldn\'t be. Sitting in a place where the
occasion shouldn\'t be. plunged into the clan\'s secret small room.
which is the seat of the women of the family, the daughter of the
family, the daughter-in-law of the family, the kumari of the family hold
the child\'s head The monks went into the neighborhood and showed This
bodily rage. This is called bodily rage. What is verbal rage? Some monks
in this Dharma and Discipline It\'s good to be in the monks. It\'s good
to be in the community. It\'s good to enter the neighborhood. How does a
monk in the Sangha express verbal anger? Some monks in this Dharma and
Discipline in the sangha without reverence Do not tell the monks who are
Thera first. or, which the elder monks did not invite, would preach the
Dharma to the monks in the monastery to solve the problem themselves.
Praying the Patimokkha stand firm and speak waving his arms to speak How
do monks in the Sangha show their anger in the Sangha? Some monks in
this Dhamma and Discipline do not show fear in the Sangha. Do not tell
the monks who are Thera first. Or, which the elder monks did not invite,
would preach the Dhamma to the monks in the monastery, solve the problem
by themselves, stand firm, speak, raise their arms, speak, and preach
the Dhamma to the nuns in the monastery. preaching the dharma to all the
devotees in the monastery Teach the Dharma to all the upasikas in the
monastery, solve the problem by themselves, stand firm and speak. waving
his arms to speak The bhikkhus were in this verbal arrogance. The
bhikkhus had entered the neighborhood. How do you express verbal anger?
Some of the monks in this Dharma and Discipline have entered the
neighborhood. talk to women some Kumaris and exclaimed, Look, women have
such a name, such a clan. What\'s there? Is there a yakumi? Is there
food? Is there something to chew? What do we drink? What do I want? What
do I chew? what is there? Or what will you give me? A monk goes into the
neighborhood and shows such verbal rage. This is verbal rage. What is
mental rage? Some monks in this Dhamma and Discipline not being ordained
from a high family Not a monk from a large family had a mind to put
himself in like a monk who was ordained from a large family He is not a
monk who is ordained from a very wealthy family, has a mind like a monk
who is ordained from a very wealthy family. not a priest from The family
has great wealth. had a mind to put himself like a monk who was ordained
from a family with great wealth not the one who memorizes the sutra has
a mind to rest himself like a monk who remembers the sutra not a
disciplinarian \...not a dharmakatuk \... is not a person who holds the
forest \...not a person who holds alms round as a ritual ...not a person
who holds the three robes as a ritual ...not a person who carries alms
in the order of the alleys ...not the one who holds the food after the
observance ...not a person who holds a pilgrimage on a regular basis
...not the one who holds the seat that he arranges as an observance
...not the one who has the first meditation. ...not a person who has a
second meditation \...not a person who has a final meditation \...not a
person who has a fourth ...not a person who has received a certificate
...not a person who acquires one\'s own soul \...not a person who has
established a contract This is called mental anger. One should not study
arrogance, that is, a monk should not study. do not behave hospitably
should not behave well do not behave which the rage is to be abandoned,
alleviated, and put an end to nothing. which the rage should be
abstained, refrained, shunned, shaken off, emancipated, not related to
rage. One should be one whose mind is free from the realm of
defilements. Therefore, it is said that one should not study
arrogance.
[769] Do not say the following words of contention. Why?
Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline He was the one who spoke words
like this: You do not know this Dharma and Discipline, etc., or correct
it if you can. Moggallana, when there are conflicting words, it must be
said much; when spoken much, there must be distraction. When distracted,
there must be inconsistency; when unconstrained The mind is far from
samadhi as follows. The word should not be said to compete, meaning not
to speak, to speak, to express, to express words, to wrestle, to
abandon, to alleviate, to put an end to nothing. which words that
compete, should be abstained, abstained, withdrawn, shaken off, freed,
not related to words of wrestling One who has a mind free from the realm
of defilements is therefore called not to say slanderous words.
Therefore, the Blessed One replied, A monk should not be a boaster.
should not be able to speak One should not study arrogance, and should
not speak arrogant words.
[770] A monk should refrain from lying. when
awake One should not boast, nor should a monk despise others. by living,
with wisdom, with morality and observance. There are three kinds of
lies.
[771] The word refrain from lying, meaning that lies is called
lies. some people in this world good in council in the congregation,
etc. Because of the sake of a little Amish, this is called a lie. There
are three kinds of lies, namely, in the beginning one has the knowledge
that I will tell a lie. We are telling a lie. I have told a lie, and a
lie is manifested in these three ways. A lie has 4 symptoms, 5 symptoms,
6 symptoms, 7 symptoms, 8 symptoms. I will tell lies, knowing that I am
speaking lies, knowing that I am telling lies. I have lied, 1 concealed
views, 1 concealed decency, 1 concealed pleasure, 1 concealed promises,
concealed the truth, and lies with these eight symptoms. Alleviates,
puts an end to the absence of lies, refrains, refrains, refrains, shakes
off, is liberated, irrelevant to lies, one whose mind is free from the
realm of defilements, therefore, one should refrain from lying.
[772]
the word when feeling Do not boast, that boasting is Why? Some people in
this world be a boaster a boaster boastful behavior, boastful behavior
extravagance extravagant behavior pride excited behavior in that person
This is called The exaggeration. The word. when awake Do not boast, that
when one is conscious Do not pretend to be boastful Do not let arrogance
cause not ready not to be born not to arise only, one should renounce,
alleviate, cause an end to the absence of boasting, one who abstains,
refrains, only refrains, shakes off, is liberated, irrelevant to
boasting, one whose mind is free from the realm of defilements;
therefore, when he feels One should not boast.
[773] The term \"At\" in
the word \"At\", in other words, a monk should not despise others by
living with wisdom, by virtue and observance, as follows: \"At\", etc.,
\"At\" is in the order of the scriptures. Some forms in this Dharma and
Discipline to be miserable He despised other monks who were living very
delicately, saying: Why is this monk living in such an extravagant way?
All plants, namely the root, the stem, the fruit, the top, the fifth,
this bhikkhu cannot cross (suffering). that he was always persevering
with lightning and a pile of iron. In this Dharma and Discipline some
monks despise other monks who live in sorrow and see why this monk has
little merit, has little dignity, does not have a robe. alms, senasana,
and kilan would despise other monks who are Depressed with a refined
existence. Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline who is reached with
wisdom Who asked the problem? It can be solved. I am attained with
wisdom, but these other bhikkhus are not attained with wisdom. You
despise other monks. with ready with that wisdom. Some monks in this
Dharma and Discipline one who arrives with precepts restrained with
restraint in the Patimokkha Arrived with Ajara and Orbit It is common to
see the dangers in all the punishments, with a small amount, to study in
the precepts. She had this thought: We are the ones who reach with
precepts. As for these other bhikkhus, they are immoral and have
sinners, and they despise the other monks with their virtuousness. is
the holder of the alms round He is the one who holds the three robes as
a rite. is the holder of the alms round The order of the alley is a
routine. is the holder of the food after the observance is he who holds
the nesajjikdhu as a relic or is the one who holds the sanasana which he
arranges as a monarch. we are reaching with observance As for these
other monks Not a person who arrives with rules. She also insulted other
monks. \"Besides, one should not despise others with their existence,
wisdom, morality and observance; one should not despise others with
their miserable existence, their superiority, their understanding and
wisdom. with fullness and precepts or with completeness and observance,
that is, one should not allow pride to arise from such existence One
should not be stubborn, stubborn, stubborn, because of his existence and
so on. others by living, with wisdom, with precepts and observances. The
Blessed One replied, \"A monk should refrain from lying. when awake One
should not boast, nor should a bhikkhu despise others for his
well-being. with precepts and observances.
[774] A monk is attacked.
heard many words of the monks, or of those who had many words. Do not
respond to them with harsh words, for a bhikkhu who is calm does not
make another person an enemy. have heard many words of recluses, or of
those who have many words, that others have offended, insulted,
insulted, humiliated, criticized Access to ordination, surrender
yourself to ordination outside of this religion. Of the people who have
a lot of words, namely kings, brahmins, vaishas, suras, laymen,
clergymen, gods, and humans. Those people should curse, criticize,
curse, abuse, trample, kill, go in and kill by themselves, and make a
lot of verbal killing. Undesirable, lovable, pleasing. A bhikkhu hears,
hears, remembers, enters and remembers. very verbal of those people
which is not desirable, lovable, pleasing, therefore it is called a
bhikkhu being attacked. listened to the speech of the recluses or of
those who had a lot of words.
[776] The word rude in the word \"should
not respond to them with rudeness\" means \"with a profanity\" answer Do
not insult those who curse, and do not curse against those who curse. Do
not be offended by those who are offended. Not to quarrel, not to
offend. Do not make a compromise do not quarrel Not to argue, to give
up, to alleviate, to put an end to nothing. Any quarrels, resentments,
strife, strife, quarrels should be refrained, refrained, excluded,
shaken off, freed, irrelevant. with quarrels, resentments, strife,
strife, quarrels be a psychic There is no realm of defilements,
therefore it is called that one should not respond to them with harsh
words.
[777] The word calm in the word because a peaceful monk does not
make others an enemy, meaning that a monk is calm, he enters into peace,
is calm, is extinguished. Suppressed because of lust, anger, hatred,
anger, anger, etc. It is the serenity of serenity, peace, silence,
burning, quenching, disappearing, and cessation. Therefore, it is called
peaceable. The word peaceful monk does not make others an enemy, meaning
calm monk does not make others an enemy. to be an enemy To be splintered
and thorns, to be antagonistic, that is, not to arise, not to be born.
not to be born not to be born only, therefore he is called a peaceful
bhikkhu, never making another enemy Therefore, the Blessed One replied,
A monk was attacked heard many words of the monks, or of those who had
many words. One should not respond to them with harsh words, for a
bhikkhu who is calm does not make others an enemy. be conscious study at
any time The bhikkhu already knows that cessation is peace. Do not be
reckless in the religion of Phra Gotama
[779] that word, in the word
that a monk has known that Dharma, is the Dharma that the Blessed One
has spoken, decreed, decreed, appointed, disclosed, classified, shallow,
declared. make clear made clear, even for this reason: Therefore, it is
known that the Dhamma has been known. On the other hand, knowing,
knowing, considering, comparing, making it clear that the Dhamma is
always. Dharma that is not equal, Dharma is the way, Dharma is not the
way, Dharma is punishable, Dharma is not blamed, Dharma is bad, Dharma
is noble, Dharma is black, Dharma is white, Dharma is to blame. Dharma
praised by the wise On the other hand, knowing, knowing, considering,
comparing, making manifest, realizing. which the practice is right, the
practice is right, the practice is not an enemy The practice is based on
benefits. The practice of the Dharma is worthy of the Dharma, the one
who completes all the precepts. Protector of the anal in all organic
matter, moderation in nutrition. Perseverance is the awakening,
mindfulness, the four foundations of mindfulness, the 4 right knowledge,
the 4 powers, the 5 powers, the 5 Bojjangha, the 7 Noble Path, the
Eightfold Path, Nirvana, the Dharma as the practice. which leads to
nirvana even for this reason, therefore it is known that the Dhamma is
known. One should be mindful, studying at all times, that is, to seek,
to seek, to consider, to compare, to make it clear, to make it known,
that all sankharas are impermanent, etc., that something naturally
occurs. the whole thing There is a natural extinction, therefore it is
called \"researching\". At all times, that is, at all times, in all
times, in all eternities, etc., in the latter age. The word mindfulness
is mindfulness for four reasons, namely, when cultivating mindfulness of
the body in the body, there is mindfulness, etc. It is called
mindfulness. One who is mindful. The word should be studied means that
the three sikkhās are reciting the sikkhā, the sikkha sikkha, the sikkha
sikkhā, etc. This is called adhipanya sikkhā. A bhikkhu is thinking
about these three sikkhās. One should study, etc. One should study, that
is, behave generously. behave well, behave well be conscious to study at
all times. made known which the cessation of lust, hatred, delusion,
etc., agglutination, is peace, therefore it is known that cessation is
peace. that is, in Buddhism, in the religion of Phra Chin Chao In the
religion of the Tathagata, in the religion of the deity in the religion
of the Arahant. The word not to be negligent means that one should act
with generosity, contagious, non-stop, unrelenting behavior, not vowing,
not giving up business, not being heedless in all dharmas, on the side
of charity, contentment, effort, perseverance, diligence, supremacy.
have strength Non-regression, recollection, self-awareness, perseverance
are the source of all passions. steadfast perseverance, determination,
perseverance, and perseverance in that wholesome dharma When should we
attain the precepts that are not yet perfect, etc.? which is not yet
complete, when we should define suffering that has not yet been defined
Let go of all defilements that have not yet been abandoned, and develop
the path that has not yet developed. should be made known to Nirodha
that has not yet been notified It\'s called negligence in the Dharma.
All of them are benevolent, therefore it is called that one should not
be reckless in the religion of Gotama. Therefore, the Blessed One
replied, A bhikkhu knows that dharma and is researching it. be conscious
Studying at all times, a bhikkhu knows that cessation is peace. Do not
underestimate Gotama\'s religion. not possessed by the enlightened
don\'t trust others Therefore a monk should be heedless in the religion
of the Blessed One Worshiping and studying at all times, this is what
the Blessed One says. What defilements dominate? Incidentally, a bhikkhu
is the possessor of these filthy unwholesome qualities. which makes me
miserable to be born in a new world to have anxiety suffering which is
the national location aging and death, hence the name that a monk is
dominant. not being dominated.
[785] The word enlightened, in the word
enlightened, enshrined without believing in others, means having seen,
seen all around, seen and stabbed all the time. itself, not by believing
in others that This dharma is as follows. This dharma is as follows. not
by listening to them over and over, not by chronological order, not by
citing texts. not by speculation, not by speculation, not by scrutiny.
not as worthy of one\'s own doctrine, therefore it is said that one has
witnessed the Dhamma without believing in others.
[786] \...In the
religion of the Blessed One, therefore, because of that because of that
because of that factor; because of that story. In the Blessed One\'s
religion, in the Blessed One\'s religion, in the Gotama religion, in the
Buddhism, in the Chinna religion. In the religion of the Tathagata, in
the religion of the deity In the religion of the Arahant, therefore, it
is called therefore \... In the religion of the Blessed One.
[787] The
word \"be heedless\" in the word \"bhikkhus\" should be heedless,
worship, and study at all times. The Blessed One said this: A monk
should act with respect, etc., without heedlessness in all virtuous
dharmas. At all times, that is, at any time, in all times, etc., in the
latter years. The word \'worship\' means to worship, pay homage,
respect, venerate, venerate, revere, by body, by speech, by mind, with
good practice or with good practice. The practice of Dharma is
appropriate for the Dharma. One should study the three sikkhās, namely,
recitation of the sikkhā, dharma sikkha, dharma sikkha, etc. This is
called adhipanya sikkhā. A monk who thinks of these three sikkhās should
study, etc., to enlighten the dharma that should be enlightened, to
study, to behave generously, to behave. be very generous The word
Bhagava is spoken with respect, etc. It is a commandment, therefore it
is called a monk who should be heedless, worship, and study at all
times, thus said the Blessed One. The Blessed One said, Well, that
bhikkhu is dominant, not possessed, has seen the Dharma without have to
believe in others therefore A monk should be reckless in religion. of
the Blessed One who worships, should be diligently studied at all times
The Blessed One said as follows: Tuvatakasuttaniddess 14.
---------------- 15th Attandasuttaniddeses
[788] (The Blessed One
said) Danger arises from one\'s own misfortune. ye behold people who
argue I will show the misfortune according to which we have suffered.
Concerning 2 dangers arising from three crimes
[789] Named criminals,
in the word danger arising from one\'s own crimes, which are three types
of crimes, namely, physical crime, 1 verbal crime, and 1 crime.
Mental 1. Body corruption 3. Body crime, verbal crime 4, verbal crime,
mental corruption 3. Mental crime. Name hazard: Two kinds of dangers:
one in this lifetime and one in the next. 1. Why is there danger in this
life? Some people in this world behave corruptly by body. verbal corrupt
behavior Behaving dishonestly, killing animals, stealing cut some
connectors Rob all the houses Rob only one house, some stealing, some in
a lonely road infatuation with the wives of other men Tell some lies.
The royal men have caught that person. said to the king, \"Oh my god,
this man is a thief, has done evil, punish him wish this man. The King
reprimanded that steppe. That person must have suffered even Because the
steppe. Suffering is a person\'s danger. What happens? That danger
arises, arises, arises, arises, only arises, only his own wrath appears.
The King is not pleased. Even with such a steppe one would be ordered to
imprison that person with a prison machine. is a rafter with some kind
of rope with some shackles of chains with some rattan with some vines
With a prison machine is some control. with some siege machines Some
with a prison machine is a house, some with a prison machine is a city.
with a prison machine is some province with some rural imprisonment It
cannot escape from this recognizable place. That person must suffer.
Sadness even because of the imprisonment. Sadness is a person\'s danger.
What is the cause? That danger is born, is born, arises, arises, only
manifests itself. The king is not pleased. even with that reservation
One hundred and one thousand, one hundred and one hundred, some one\'s
wealth is to be confiscated. That person must experience suffering and
sorrow even because of the loss of wealth. What is the danger of that
person? That danger arises, arises, arises, arises, arises only,
manifests only his own wrath. The king was not pleased even by
confiscation. He was ordered to do various deeds with that person,
namely, whips, whips, whips. to hit with some staff cut off some hands
to cut off some feet To cut both hands and feet some. Let\'s cut some
ears. Cut off the nose, cut off both the ears and the nose. Put some red
iron balls on your head. Peel off the scalp and polish it to be white
like a conch, some put fire into the mouth until the blood flows out of
the mouth like a Rahu mouth. wrapped in a cloth oil and then burned
alive Wrap your hands with a cloth moistened with oil and set it on fire
like a lamp, skin it from your neck down to your ankle, drag it to step
on it until you fall down. Skinning from the neck down to the waist Make
it like wearing a sarong Wear iron sleeves on all elbows and knees, and
then plug in four iron poles to set them on fire. Take some hooks from
the skin of the tendons. Take a knife and cut the flesh into glasses
like some coins. She cut off the skin and tendons, leaving only some
bones. stabbed the steel blade in the ear canal until it penetrated Even
if they are plugged into the ground and spinning around smashed to the
bone, then peeled off the skin, leaving only A pile of meat is like a
leaf. Pour some boiling oil over your body. Let the dog eat alive until
only the bones are left. Cut off some head with a sword. That person has
to suffer, even because of his work. That person\'s suffering is a
danger. What is the source of that person? That danger arises, arises,
arises, arises only, appears only by one\'s own crimes. The king is
great in crime. These four things. That person, when he died They go
into misery, dukkha, vinibat, and hell because of their own deeds. The
lords of the five karma with the memory of the beast (have the beast
lying on their back) fix the red iron blade on their right hand, one on
their left hand, and one on their right foot. 1 in the left foot, 1 in
the midst of the bosom 1. That beast has suffered a burning and burning
pain in that hell, but has not died all the time that the sin has not
ended. Suffering and grief are the dangers of that beast. What caused
that danger? Born, born, born, born only, manifested only by its own
crimes. then take the bee The beast had suffered a terrible burning pain
in that hell, but had not died all the time that the sin had not ended.
head hanging sideways downstairs and then put a knife to prick the
animal into the car Let\'s run forward some. Let\'s run back and forth.
On a blazing land, blazing fire, etc., the lords led the beast up a
mountain. There was some fire forcibly forcibly down the mountain, etc.,
Mr. Nirayan caught the beast with his feet pointing upwards. head down
and cast it into a hot iron cauldron, where the fire burns all around,
the beast simmers in the iron cauldron like a boiling sponge; when
boiling, simmers in the iron cauldron like a boiling sponge. Sometimes
it boils over to the top. sometimes it boils surging downstairs
Sometimes it boiled to the side. The beast suffered a terrible burning
sensation. in that cauldron, but not yet dead, all the time that the sin
has not ended. Suffering and sorrow are What is the danger of beings?
That danger arises, arises, arises, arises, arises only, appears only by
crime. their own about hell That\'s hell with square corners There were
four gates, which were numbered by sections, surrounded by iron walls.
There is an iron sheet covering it. There is a ground finished with
iron. there is a glorious flame consists of hot fire spreading to a
hundred benefits all around, standing forever The awesome hell
Terrifying, burning animals to severe suffering. There is a flame that
is very difficult to approach, eerie, frightening, causing danger,
causing suffering. from the east side scorching the sinful creatures,
passing by, hitting the western flank. scorch the sinful beasts passing
through the east side cover. The flame had already risen from the
northern cover. scorch the sinful creatures through, hit the southern
cover Passed through and hit the northern cover. A terrifying pile of
flames. from the ground below The scorching beasts scorched past,
hitting the top cover. A terrifying bonfire had already risen from the
top cover. scorch the sinful beasts passing through to hit the ground
below. The iron that is on fire is always hot. Just as there is a
blazing fire, so so are the underworld, above, and all around. The
beings in hell are very rude, do very bad deeds. There is only one part
of the sinful karma, it is absorbed and burns, but does not die. The
bodies of beings in hell are like a burning fire. See the stability of
karma. There was no ash and soot at all. Run to the east and run back to
the west. run north and then ran back under. Run to any direction. The
door of that direction closes by itself, and the beasts have the hope of
coming out as seekers of the door to exit. They can\'t get out of that
hell. because sin is a factor because of the many sins they have
committed have not yet given full results Thus, suffering and sorrow are
the dangers of beings, what is their origin? That danger arises, arises,
arises, arises, arises only, manifests itself only by one\'s own wrath.
The suffering that exists in the vision is good. Suffering in humans is
good. Those sufferings are born, are born, are born, are born, only
appear. Those sufferings are born, are born, are born, are born only,
are manifested only by their own crimes, therefore they are called
perils only their own wrath.
[790] The word people in the word. Look
at the people who argue with each other, namely, kings, brahmins,
vaishas, suras, laymen, ordinaries, devas, human beings. The word
arguing means that you look, look, look, look, look. Look, consider,
where the people who are arguing are the ones who are arguing. people
who hurt each other The abuser replied offended people angry people
reply Those who malign each other, and those who malign each other,
therefore called, look at those who argue. Pity is startling,
apprehension, fear, oppression, impact, affliction, affliction, hence
the name I will show misery.
[792] Terror comes by itself, therefore it
is called as we have experienced. because of that The Blessed One said,
Disasters only arise from their crimes. Look at those who argue with one
another, we will show pity as we have grieved.
[793] Danger has come
upon us. because he saw the animals struggling like all fish Struggling
with little water and because they saw animals hurting each other.
Regarding suffering
[794] the word paja in the word because they saw a
group of animals struggling. It is the name of an animal whose group is
struggling, struggling, struggling, swaying, swaying, swaying with lust.
with a struggle because of the view with a struggle because of passion
with strife because of corruption; with strife because of sentence with
a struggle because of karma with the lust of the greedy, with the wrath
of the offended with the delusions of the delusional with perseverance
as a bond, with view as a bond With a distraction that is already
overflowing with uncertain doubt With regards to strength, by wealth,
deterioration, rank, disgrace, praise, gossip, happiness, suffering,
birth, old age, pathology, death, soka, parideva, suffering, sorrow, and
upays. Suffering in hell, suffering in the birth of beasts Suffering in
the vision suffering in humans Suffering is born in the womb, suffering
is born in the womb. Suffering is born from the womb. suffering that
follows born animal suffering due to others of the born animal Suffering
caused by one\'s own zeal suffering caused by the zeal of others
suffering due to suffering Suffering from death Suffering caused by
variation Suffering from eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue
disease, body disease, head disease, ear disease, mouth disease, tooth
disease, cough, asthma, the common cold, toxic fever, septicemia,
stomach disease, stroke, dysentery, colic, root disease. Leprosy, pox,
eczema, croup, epilepsy, scabies, scabies, warts, leprosy, yaws,
hemorrhagic disease, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids.
Path with wind as a premise Suffering from Sannibat An affliction is
caused by the inclement season. The ailment was caused by inconsistent
management. Suffering is born of perseverance, overpowered, sickness is
born of karma, by cold, heat, hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in
urination, suffering by the touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and
creeping beasts. Suffering from the death of the mother Suffering from
the death of his father Suffering because his brother died Suffering
because sisters and sisters die, suffering because of the death of a
child. Suffering because the daughter died Suffering because of the
death of a relative Suffering for the calamity of wealth, suffering for
the calamity of disease Suffering because of the calamity of morality,
suffering because of the calamity of view. The word because of seeing is
because of experiencing, considering, comparing, making it clear, making
it clear. Therefore, it is called because of seeing a group of beings
struggling. \"Little water\" means that all the fish, anca, egrets,
egrets and egrets, striving and striving, struggling, trembling,
swaying, inclined, restless in a place where there is little water, that
is, where there is little water. Just as in a place where water dries
up, a group of beings struggles, struggles, trembles, sways, sways,
squirms, lusts, etc., with the suffering of the calamity of view. So
also, therefore, it is called, like fish struggling in a place where
there is little water.
[796] The word animals hurt each other, meaning
beings hurt each other, hurt each other, offend each other, anger each
other, slander each other, malice each other, that is, even though The
kings quarreled with the kings Even the kings quarreled with the kings.
Even the Brahmins quarreled with the Brahmins. Even the householders
quarreled with the householders. Even mothers quarrel with their
children. Even the son quarrels with the mother, even the father
quarrels with the son. Even the son quarrels with his father. Even a
brother quarrels with a brother. Even the sisters quarreled with sisters
Even the brothers quarreled with the sisters. Even a sister quarrels
with a brother, even a friend quarrels with a comrade. Those beings
quarrel, strife, and quarrel because of their hurting each other. would
injure each other with their hands with some clay with some logs with
some degree. Some of those creatures will surely die. would suffer some
death Because of the mischief, therefore it is called that beings hurt
each other. because he saw that danger was persecution Impacts,
temperaments, obstacles come to us because we see, experience, consider,
compare, make it clear. make it manifest, therefore it is called that
danger has come to us because we see it. The Blessed One said, Disaster
has come upon us because he saw the animals struggling like all fish
Struggling with little water and because of seeing animals hurting each
other.
[798] The whole world is insignificant. All sankharas are
already trembling in all directions when we desire prosperity for
ourselves. did not see any position Regarding the world
[799] The
whole world is not quintessential. It means that the world of hell, the
world of the real world, the world of phantasmagoria, the world of
humans, the world of devas, the world of aggregates, the world of the
senses, this world, the other world, the whole world of Brahma, the
world of devas, this is the world. hell world No essence, no essence, no
essence by the essence that is noon by the essence of happiness by the
essence that is the self, by being a constant state, by being a
sustainable state by being a stable or without fairness Variation. This
world, animal world, human world, world of devas, world of aggregates,
world of elements, world of consciousness, this world, other worlds,
both the Brahma world, and the divine world, are not essence, without
substance, without essence, by the essence that is eternal. by the
essence of happiness by the essence that is by being noon by being
sustainable As is its state of stability, or by fairness, there is no
variation. Just as a reed is not essence, without essence, without
essence, just as castor tree is not essence, without essence, as a fig
tree is not essence, without essence, without essence. As essence,
without essence, just as a sponge gland is not essence, without essence,
without essence, just as the sun shines, without essence, without
essence, just as a banana tree is without essence, without essence,
without essence, just as it is without essence, without essence, without
essence, just as the world is hell, without essence, without essence.
without essence, etc., neither the Brahma world nor the gods, without
the essence, without the essence, without the essence By the essence
that is noon ... or by being Dharma has no variance So too, therefore it
is called that the whole world is impermanent. in the east Even those
sankharas tremble, tremble, tremble, tremble, because they are
Impermanent is a state of existence, surrounded by old age, dominated by
parasites, eliminated by death, set in piles of suffering, without
resistance. There is no escape, there is no refuge, it is the state of
defense. All things in the east, in the north, in the south, in the
southeast, in the west, in the northeast, in the north, in the north, in
the ten directions, even those sankharas trembling, inclined, because it
is impermanent It is a state of existence, swarmed by old age, possessed
by parasites, exterminated by death, nestled in the pile of suffering.
no defense There is no escape, no refuge, it is a state without refuge.
It is true according to this proverb that this paradise is truly bright
and prosperous in the Udon direction. But the wise sees the evil
(punishment) in the form and is shaken at all times. because of that The
wise man not happy in the picture the world of death The old man was
surrounded, was struck by arrows, was lust, stabbed in the smoke of
desire at all times. All the worlds on fire, all the worlds on fire the
whole world on fire The whole world is shaken. Therefore, all sankharas
are shaken in all directions.
[801] The word, when we desire
prosperity for ourselves, means that when we desire, delight, desire,
love, delight, prosperity is a refuge, a refuge, a refuge, a walk.
Progress for oneself, therefore, it is called when we desire prosperity
for ourselves.
[802] The word does not see any position. which is not
dominated means that we do not see any position that is not dominated,
that is, we have seen that all positions are dominated youth All were
possessed by old age. All disease-free beings are possessed by
parasites. All life is occupied by death. All fortunes are overwhelmed
by corruption. All ranks are dominated by disgrace. all praise possessed
by gossip All happiness is overwhelmed by suffering. These dharmas among
human beings are wealth, deterioration, rank, deterioration, gossip,
praise, happiness and suffering, which are impermanent, unstable,
subject to fluctuations. Therefore, they are called not seeing any
position. which is not dominated. Therefore, the Blessed One said: The
whole world is not quintessential. All sankharas are already trembling
in all directions when we desire prosperity for ourselves. did not see
any position which is not dominated.
[803] Seeing the end, the
hindrance, we have displeasure. Moreover, we have seen the arrow that is
hard to see by heart in all beings.
[804] The word ending in the word
at the end, which blocks the meaning of old age all young people to the
end Pathology to the end of being without all diseases, to the end of
death, to all life. Desolation and all fortunes will end. gossip to
praise all ends All suffering and happiness end, therefore it is called
the end. blocked by old age animals who desires disease-free blocked by
parasites Animals who desire life are blocked by death; animals who
desire good fortune. being blocked by corruption all the animals who
desire rank blocked by disgrace All the animals that long for praise
blocked by gossip All animals who wish for happiness It is blocked by
suffering, that is, closed, affects, affects, only destroys, destroys
only, therefore it is called the end.
[805] The word because we have
seen, in the word because we have seen ... we have no rejoicing, that
because of seeing, experiencing, considering, comparing, making it
clear. make it known, therefore, it is called because of seeing. So we
have displeasure, that is, there is displeasure, displeasure,
displeasure, weariness, boredom, therefore it is called because of
seeing \... we have displeasure. In addition, we see arrows \... in all
beings are synonyms, etc. This word ot follows the order of the
chapters. The word in it means that among all beings the name arrow is
arrows, the seven are arrows. is lust, the arrow is wrath, the arrow is
ruler, the arrow is mana, the arrow is view. arrow is sorrow Arrow is
doubt. As we have seen, we have seen, we have seen, we have seen and
stabbed, therefore, we have seen arrows \... in all beings. Hard to see,
difficult to see, difficult to see, difficult to know, difficult to
know, difficult to pierce through. That khandha is called heartai in the
word dependent on heart. The word dependent on heart means dependent on
the heart, relied on the mind, relied on the mind, coexisting, co-born,
connected with the mind. occur at the same time, die together, have the
same object They have the same emotions as the mind, so they are called
hard to see. Because of that The Blessed One said, Because of seeing the
end, the barrier, we have no rejoicing; besides, we have seen an arrow
that is hard to see by heart in those beings. scurrying in all
directions, because the arrow had been removed. would not sail It\'s
about the seven arrows. It wanders in all directions, namely, the arrow
of lust, the arrow of anger, the arrow of anger, the arrow of mana, the
arrow of sorrow, the arrow of sorrow, the arrow of doubt. desire,
pleasure, pleasure, pleasure, pleasure, power, pleasure The desire of
the mind, etc., Abhijha, Lobha, Akusalamul. This is called the arrow of
lust. What is the arrow of wrath? Vendetta arises. That person has done
destruction upon us, and malice arises: That person will do destruction
upon us. murder will occur That person will do destruction upon us, etc.
Being fierce. Cultivation of evil speech, ignorance, the joy of the
mind, this is called the arrow of wrath. What is the arrow of delusion?
ignorance of suffering, etc.; ignorance of the path leading to the
cessation of suffering; ignorance of the primary ignorance of the end
Ignorance of the beginning and the final This is the ignorance of
ignorance, this is the factor, ignorance, ignorance. ignorance ignorance
like impermanence ignorance indifference disregard impermanence
innocence Foolishness, delusion, delusion, ignorance, avijja, avijja
oga, avijja yoga, avijjanusai, avijja pariyutthana, avijjalangi, moha,
akusala mun, this is called the arrow of moha. What is the arrow of
Moha? the self that we are better than him We are inferior to him,
arrogance, arrogance. arrogance, ambition, elevation, arrogance,
exaltation, ambition as a flag. This is called the arrow of mana. What
is the arrow of Ditthi? Sakkaya ditthi has 20 objects, ten views is ten
Antakahikditthi, 10 objects, and goes is Ditthi. Overgrown is Ditthi the
drought is ditthi The thorn is the view, the struggle is the view. The
attributes are viewpoint, stubbornness, clinging, clinging to the wrong
way, wrong canal, wrongness, good faith. guilt warp perversion What is
seen like this, and how much is 62\'s view, this is called the arrow of
sorrow, what is the arrow of sorrow? inner sorrow internal preparation
inner glow internal dryness The preparation of the mind, the sorrow of
the person affected by the decline of the relatives deteriorating Sombat
has some impact. that has been affected by some deterioration due to
disease degraded of morality some impact affected by the decline of
views that coincided with any kind of deterioration, which was affected
by some kind of cause of suffering This is called the Arrow of Sorrow.
What is the Arrow of Doubt? Doubt in Suffering? Doubt in every way,
doubt in every way Suspicion in every nirodkamini practice Initial
doubts, final doubts doubts in the beginning and the end skepticism all
who live together This is the ignorance of ignorance, this is the
factor; doubt, pity, doubt. Doubt, hesitation, duality, uncertainty,
uncertainty. disagreement indecisiveness Indeterminateness, the
trembling of the mind, the clinging This is called the arrow of doubt.
Concerning the condition of an animal that has been struck by an arrow
\'An animal that has been engraved with a lustful arrow, that is, has
pierced into it, is right, firmly attached to the word, acts corruptly
by the body. would act dishonestly He acts dishonestly, kills animals,
steals and steals. cut some connectors Robbed without some left Rob only
one house, some trap, and snatch some lonely places. Other men\'s wives
commit adultery, or lie, some beasts with lustful arrows, that is,
pierced into the right place, clinging to the word, and thus wanders,
wanders, wanders, wanders. An animal that has been pinned down by a
lustful arrow, that is, it has penetrated, it is right, it is attached,
it is firmly attached to it, when seeking wealth. It sails into the
ocean by boat, through the cold, through the heat, being touched by
flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and beasts that roam. Persecuted by hunger
and thirst, go to Khun Prath, go to Kool Rath, go to Kasila Rath, go to
Karmal Rath, go to death, go to Vesungkharat, go to Verapath, go to
Chavarat, go to Tamb Singh Ratta to Wangkarat to Elawat Thanarat go to
Suwanakutrat to Suvarnabhumirat Go to Tambapannirat, go to Suppararat,
go to Parukrat, go to Surat, go to Angkhanarat, go to Ganganagar, go to
Paramakan State, go to throw the state, go to the Pinikarat. Go to
Allahabad Going to Marukanta, a trip that must go on a knee Traveling
with a goat Traveling with sheep A journey that requires hanging with a
rope and pole, a journey that requires jumping down with a leather
umbrella and then walking. Travel that must be accompanied by bamboo,
traveling along the bird path. travel by rat travel through the
mountains travel along the desired stream Climb along the rattan line.
When unable to seek He suffers and grieves even though he is unfounded.
When he seeks, he receives, and when he receives, he suffers even when
he has the basics. with concern that By what tricks? So the king will
not take away our wealth. Thieves won\'t steal, fire won\'t burn, water
won\'t blow away, evil heirs won\'t take it. Those wealth will be
destroyed. Suffering and sorrow even after being separated from the dung
property. An animal that has been pierced by a lustful arrow, that is,
pierced, right, attached, firmly attached to the word, wanders through a
roundabout. Traveling in such a way. An animal with arrows of fury,
arrows of anger, arrows of endeavors stuck in them, that is, being
pierced, right, attached, firmly attached to the word, behaves corruptly
by the body. will act dishonestly by speech, will act dishonestly by
heart would kill some animals some burglary cut some connectors Robbed
without some left Robbed only one house trap in some lonely ways
Infatuation with other men\'s wives Say some lie. An animal that has
been pinched by an arrow is right, it is fixed, it is firmly attached,
it goes on and on and on and on, it goes on and on. He was already
naked, without manners, licking his hands, he invited him to come and
receive a monk, but he did not come. He invited him to stop, he did not
stop, did not accept the monks he had shared before. not accepting the
monks that he does only does not accept the monks he invites, he does
not receive the monks at the pot not accepting monks from the rice pot
Not accepting the monks brought by a person standing astride the
threshold, not accepting the blessings brought by a person standing
astride a log. not accepting the monks brought by the person standing
astride the pestle not accepting the monks of two people who are
consuming not accepting the treatment of pregnant women Not accepting
the education of a woman who is nursing a child, not accepting a woman
who cares for a man. not accepting the bhikkhus made by the appointment
not accepting monks where adopted dog He does not accept a monk in a
group of flies, does not eat fish, does not eat meat, does not drink
alcohol, does not drink liquor, does not drink pickles. He received his
monks at one house. Healed one\'s self with one word of rice Healed
one\'s self with two words Healed one with two words of rice Healed one
with seven words Healed one with seven words Healed his self with seven
monks in one small tray Healed one\'s self with seven monks Some eat
food that has been left behind for a day, some for two days, etc., some
for 7 days, some have engaged in food consumption that has been
circulating for half a month like this. Once firmly plugged in, it goes
on and on and on and on and on like this. An animal whose arrow is
attached, that is, it is pierced, right, attached, firmly attached, is a
person who has some pickles as a food. Some millet as food, some millet
as food There are some rice residues as food. There are some algae as
food. Some have rice as food, some frankincense as food. some grass
There are some komai as food. There are rhizomes and fruits in the
forest as food. Fruits fall to heal his condition. He wears some linen.
Some cloth, some shroud, some bark cloth, some tiger skins, some requiem
cloth. Tiger skin and nails Some filter cloth, some cloth, some jute
sheath. some filtered fruit cloth Kumphon cloth is made with human hair.
Kamphol cloth made of bird\'s feathers; some are plucked hair and
mustaches; some are zealous in plucking hairs and mustaches; some are
standing, which is forbidden asana (sitting), and others who are lifting
their heads; to tip to sleep on thorns, that is, to sleep on thorns
successfully sleep on some boards Successfully laying on the mound Some
are lying on one side, some are dusted with dust. Are some outdoor
people? one who sits on a saddle on the slopes being a consumer, that
is, engaging in some consumption He who forbids cold water; he is
diligent in prohibiting cold water; he bathes three times a day; he is
eager to swim; So many things fervent. An animal whose arrow is
attached, that is, it is pierced, is right, is attached, is firmly
attached to the word, so it goes, goes, goes round and round, and so
goes. clinging to the word, one sorrows, grieves, groans, beats the
chest To the infatuation. The Blessed One said, \'Look, brahmin, things
have already happened. In this Savatthi, a woman, her mother died. The
woman went mad. Has a mental breakdown because of the death of the
mother From this street into that street, from this alley to that alley.
say this Have you seen my mother? Have you all seen my mother? Look at
the brahmins. The story has already been In this Savatthi, there was a
woman whose father died. ...brother and brother died ...sister and
sister died ...son died ...daughter died ...husband died, the woman went
insane. With a mental breakdown because her husband died, from this road
to that road. From this alley to that alley say this You see my husband
Have you seen my husband? Look at the brahmin. There has been a story in
Bangkok, this Savatthi. A man\'s mother died. that man is crazy Has a
mental breakdown because of the death of the mother From this road into
that road From this alley to that alley say this you see Have you seen
my mother? Have you seen my mother? The story has already been In this
Savatthi A man\'s father died. ...brothers and sisters die ...sisters
and sisters, women die ... sons die ... daughters die ... wife dies,
that man goes mad. His mind was distracted because his wife died, going
from this road to that road. From this alley to that alley Say, \'Have
you seen my wife? Have you seen my wife? Look, brahmin, it\
has been here in Savatthi. A woman goes to the family of relatives The
woman\'s relatives wished to take her husband and give the woman to
another man. The woman was displeased with that other man. The woman
told her husband, my son These relatives wished to part with you. and
give me to another man, both of us will die immediately. A man cuts that
woman in two and kills himself with the hope that the two of us will
(meet) in the next world. Sorrow is settled, that is, it is pierced,
right, attached, firmly attached to the word, then goes on and on and on
and on and on and on like this. An animal that has been pinned down by
an arrow of doubt, is pierced, is correct, is firmly attached to the
word, has sailed towards Doubt is two-way whether in the past we have
been or not. or we are not anymore What have we got? How have we become?
what we got So what comes after? In the future, will we be? Or we\'ll
never be, what will we be? How will we be? What are we? So what\'s next
in this present moment? There is a doubt within, whether we are or not.
or we shall not be What are we? How are we? Where did we come from? we
will be animals Where did he come to be born? An animal whose arrows of
doubt have settled, that is, pierced into, right, attached, firmly
attached to the word, wanders, wanders, wanders, wanders, wandering like
this. those arrows were born when manipulating those arrows to spawn
Sail to the east, sail to the west, sail to the north sail to the south
With the ability to manipulate arrows to be born. Animals can no longer
ignore those arrows. Because he could not leave the Abhisankhara as an
arrow, he sailed in the motto, sailed into Hell, sailed into the
birthplace. Sailing in the vision, sailing in the human world, sailing
in the gods, sailing, wandering, wandering, wandering from this to the
other. From this misfortune to the other From this fertilization to that
fertilization From this world to that world From this pity to that pity,
from this life to that one, therefore it is called the animal that has
been engraved with arrows. will spawn to all directions.
[811] The word
because the arrow has been withdrawn It does not sail, it does not sink,
which means that beings withdraw, take off, draw, pull, pull, pull,
refrain, refrain, alleviate, and put an end to the absence of the arrow
of lust, the arrow of fury, the arrow of anger, the arrow of misery, the
arrow of stubbornness, the arrow of sorrow, the arrow of doubt. that
already would not sail to the east not sailing to the west not sailing
to the north not sailing towards the south. The beasts were able to
renounce those arrows. because he is able to abandon the Abhisankhara is
an arrow, so he does not sail in the motto. Don\'t sail in Hell, don\'t
sail in the birthright. not sailing in the vision not sailing in the
human world Not sailing in the worlds, not sailing, wandering,
wandering, wandering from this to the other. From this misfortune to the
other From this fertilization to that fertilization From this world to
that world From this pity to that pity From this cycle to another,
therefore it is called because the arrow has been removed. It does not
sink, it does not sink, it does not sink, it does not sink, it does not
sink, it does not fall down, in sensual pleasures, in bhava-gha, in
ditthi-okha, in ignorance, therefore it is called because the arrow has
been removed. not sailing would not collapse because of that The Blessed
One said, Which animal has an arrow stuck? scurrying in all directions,
because the arrow had been removed. would not sail will not fail.
[812]
People speak of education because your sensual pleasures are involved in
the world. One should be one who does not zeal in education or those
sensual qualities, knowing all sensual pleasures in all respects. One
should study one\'s own cessation. Concerning the study for the
acquisition of sensual pleasures
[813] is called education. entangled
with the world including the study of elephants horse education
Education about cars, education about bows, being a magician being a
surgeon being a healer of medicine, being a healer of ghosts As a
pediatrician, the word speaks, referring to, talking about, referring
to, expressing, referring to. On the other hand, it is mentioned, that
is, he learns, learns, remembers, enters into memory, enters into the
mind, in order to obtain only what your sensual pleasures are involved
in. The Benjakam Khun is a form enlightened by the eye. Desirable,
pleasing, pleasing, lustful, which consists of sensual pleasures as the
source of lust are called intertwined sensual pleasures. Enjoined.
Angels and humans desire, delight, love, are most attracted to your
sensual pleasures. Therefore, the five senses are called your sensual
pleasures. The word in the world is in the human world, hence the name.
People refer to education because your sensual pleasures are entangled
in the world.
[814] The word \"a person should be a person who does
not seek to study or those sensual qualities\" means that a person
should be a person who does not seek to study. or among those five
qualities, that is, one who does not bow down, does not incline, does
not sway, does not incline to study or those five virtues. should not be
a The study or the five qualities of these qualities are great.
Therefore, one should be a person who does not strive. in the study or
the five qualities of those qualities.
[815] The word \'knowing\' in
the word \'knowing all sensual pleasures\' means, stabbing, that all
conditioned things are impermanent. All sankharas are suffering, etc.
Anything has a natural origin, all things have a natural cessation. by
all means, by all means, by all means by all means There is no leftover,
there is no leftover. The word by all means is an all-inclusive speech,
exclaiming that there are two kinds of sensual pleasures, namely, the
sensual object, the lustful object, the lustful object, etc. This is
called the sensual object, etc. This is called the lustful lust, hence
the knowledge of all lustful sensations. By all means.
[816] It is
called study. In the word one should study one\'s cessation, namely, the
three sikkhās, namely, cultivating the sikkhā, waking up the sikkha,
etc. This is called the ending sikkhā. study even at high spirits
Studying even wisdom, for cessation, for peace, for peace. To enter into
supreme peace, to cessation, to relinquishment, to the cessation of all
one\'s lust, hatred, delusion, etc., when one thinks of these three
sikkhas, one should study. When he knows, he should study, etc. When he
is enlightened, he should be educated and behave with generosity. behave
in a hospitable manner Consequently, one should study one\'s own
cessation. The Blessed One said, People speak of education because of
sensual pleasures. entangled in the world One should be one who does not
zeal in education or those sensual qualities, knowing all sensual
pleasures in all respects. One should study his own cessation.
[817]
One should be truthful, not arrogant, without illusion, free from
slander. Muni should not be angry. One should overcome greed, obscene
and jealousy.
[818] The word should be truthful. In the word, a person
should be truthful, not arrogant. consists of right Consisting of the
Noble Eightfold Path, therefore it is called one who has the truth. The
word non-flammation means that there are three kinds of anger: bodily
rage, verbal rage, mental rage, etc. This is called mental rage. These
three things, which one has abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed,
prevent it from happening. Burned with the fire of wisdom, that person
is called a person who is not arrogant, therefore one should be
truthful. Not arrogant. Concerning illusion
[819] Illusion is called
illusion, in the word there is no illusion without slander. Some people
in this world corrupt behavior verbal corrupt behavior corrupt behavior
would make a lewd desire because it would conceal the corruption would
wish that no one would know me (that we are doing evil) thinks that no
one knows me, thinks that no one knows me, and then speaks (that he has
no evil conduct) thinking that no one knows me. So then persevere with
the body (to cover up one\'s evil deeds). deceit Action is a tool to
conceal the action that hides the truth. wrong behavior misconduct
behavior Actions\
that hide evil Actions that hide evil Actions that hide evil, secrecy,
undisclosure, actions that cover guilt, evil actions. This is called
illusion. This illusion, which a person is cut off, calmed, suppressed,
prevents it from happening. burned with fire is the soul that person is
called A person without illusion. The name of the word slander. In the
word without slander it means that some person in this world A
slanderous speech, slanderous speech, etc., one who seeks to dissent
him, brings slander in like this. This slander, which one has abandoned,
is cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from happening. Burned with
the fire is wisdom. That person is called one who is free from slander,
that is, without slander. Therefore, he is called without slander,
without slander.
[820] The muni should not be angry. should cross over
from greed, lewdness and jealousy, that is, the Blessed One said: one
without anger But anger is to be said first, anger arises for ten
reasons, etc. Any anger, which a muni is cut off, calmed, suppressed,
prevents it from arising. Burned with fire is yana muni is called one
who has no anger. that\'s out of anger Determine the object of anger
Having eliminated the cause of anger, he is called one who does not have
anger. It is called greed, which is greed, covetous action,
covetousness, etc. Abhijjā, greed, and unwholesome. The five stinginess
is called jealousy. including the stinginess of the monks, etc., holding
it called stinginess. The word muni means that wisdom is called mona,
including wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., transgressing the Dharma as
a connection and craving just as the net. That person\'s name is Muni.
The word Muni should not be angry. Let go of greed, lewdness and
jealousy, that the muni has crossed over, crossed over, crossed over,
has passed, has passed. which is obscene greed and jealousy, hence the
name Muni should not be angry. get past the obscene greed and jealousy.
Because of that The Blessed One said, One should be truthful, not
arrogant, free from illusion, free from slander. Muni should not be
angry. get past the obscene greed and jealousy.
[821] People should
suppress sleep. Laziness, indolence, should not dwell in negligence,
should not dwell in contempt. One should be one who is inclined to
nirvana, concerning laziness
[822] called sleep. Laziness, indolence
is the sickness of the body. Physical inadequacy, symptoms at rest,
symptoms at rest, symptoms at rest, lethargy, sleepiness, drowsy
behavior sleeping behavior Sleepiness is called laziness, which is
laziness, laziness of action. idleness laziness An act of laziness,
idleness, laziness. It is called indomitableness, which is the sickness
of the mind. The mind is not suitable for work, depressed behavior.
abbreviated manners Depressed mind, depression, depressed behavior
Depressed mind. The word. The people should suppress sleep. Laziness,
indolence, which means that people should suppress, dominate, oppress,
eliminate, trample on sleep, laziness, discouragement, therefore the
people should suppress sleep. laziness Indomitableness.
[823]
Negligence in the word not to live with negligence, the mention of
letting go or the addition of letting the mind in the five-fold mind
because of corrupt body, corrupt speech, dishonesty, corruption or lack
of hospitality. non-contact frequent cessation, conduct, slack,
compromise, estrangement, lack of addiction, lack of development, not
making much. inattention indifference in the philanthropic development
It\'s called carelessness, carelessness, careless behavior. carelessness
Seeing this is called negligence. The word not to live with negligence
means not joining, not living. One should not coexist with negligence,
that is, one should abandon, alleviate, put an end to the absence of
heedlessness, one should abstain, abstain, abstain, shake off, liberate,
irrelevant to negligence. One should be one whose mind is free from the
realm of defilements, therefore it is called not to dwell in
negligence.
[824] It is called blasphemy. They despise others by
nationality, by clan, etc., by objects or things, arrogance, arrogance.
bearer Rise, rise, elevation, arrogance, like a Thongchai, the support
of the mind. The desire of the mind as the flag of the top sees like
this is called blasphemy. should not be set in contempt, that should not
be established dwells in blasphemy, that is to be abandoned, alleviated,
put an end to blasphemy; one should abstain, abstain, abstain, shake
off, liberate, irrelevant to blasphemy. One should be one whose mind is
free from the realm of defilements, therefore it is called not to be
held in disdain. As for merit, one must focus on nirvana. This is giving
alms, meditating on the precepts, keeping up Go in and set up drinking
water, sweep the area, pay homage to the pagoda. Worship incense and
flowers at the pagoda pay homage to the pagoda to perform any charity
that should be performed one of which is the tri-element do not practice
because of ideology Not practicing because of misfortune, not practicing
because of conception. not practicing because of the cause of the world
Not practicing because of pity, not practicing because of cycles. one
who wishes to be separated from suffering With a mind inclined to
nirvana, he performs all those merits. Even for this reason, therefore,
it is said that the nobility should have a mind. bowed into nirvana. The
people forced the mind to return from all sankhara elements in the three
realms, and bowed the mind into the immortal state, which is the
serenity of all sankharas. The renunciation of all objections, the
cessation of craving The regurgitation of craving, the cessation of it,
the liberation of it is a shackle, this nature is calm and refined, even
for this reason it is called a person who has a humble heart. to go into
nirvana. graduates They give gifts because of the happiness that
produces a supply, but those sages give gifts for the cessation of their
attachment. for nirvana, which does not have a further existence, by
only one part. All sages would not progress because of a cause of the
happiness that leads to maturity for the next life, but those sages will
develop contemplation for the cessation of clinging for nirvana, which
does not have a further existence, by only one part. Those sages are
aiming for nirvana, with their mind inclined to nirvana. bowing his mind
to nirvana, giving alms to those sages would be nirvana in the
foreground like rivers flowing into the sea Therefore, therefore, it is
called a noble one who has a mind to go to nirvana. The Blessed One said
that the people should suppress sleep. Laziness, indolence, should not
dwell in negligence, should not dwell in contempt. should be one whose
heart is bowed to nirvana. One should not do affection in form, one
should establish knowledge of endeavor, and one should refrain from
volatility. There are three manifestations concerning lies.
[827] Lies
is called lies. In the word, the people should depart from lies. Some
people in this world in the meeting in the community in the midst of
relatives in the midst of civil servants or in the royal family He was
asked as a witness, \'Good Lord, come, what do you know? So tell that
person, when they don\'t know, they say they know. When I know, I say I
don\'t know. When I don\'t see, I say I see, when I see I say I don\'t
see. who knows lies Some for one\'s own cause, some for others, some for
the sake of a little Amish. In this way, this is called a lie. On the
other hand, a liar has 3 symptoms, 4 symptoms, 5 symptoms, 6 symptoms, 7
symptoms, 8 symptoms, etc. There is a lie with these 8 symptoms. It
should not be carried out, it should not be engaged, it should not be
led by lies, it should be abandoned, eased, and put an end to nothing.
One should abstain, abstain, refrain, shake off, be liberated,
irrelevant to lies, one whose mind is free from the realm of
defilements, therefore the people should be freed from lies. lie.
[828]
The name of form in the word, one should not do affection in a form, is
the four Great Elemental Forms and the Four Great Element Forms. 4. The
word not to do affection in a form means one should not do affection.
should not be satisfied should not make love One should not desire in
form, that is, not to arise, not to arise, not to arise. It does not
arise only, therefore, it is called not to do affection in forms.

[829] Mana is called mana, one of mana is one of mana which is the
awakening of the mind. Two kinds of mana are: Mana in lifting. Mana:
Mana against others; Mana; Three things: Mana that I am better than him;
Mana that I am equal to him; Mana that I am worse than him; Four of
mana: Mana is born because of good fortune; Mana is born because of
rank. 1 Mana is born from praise, 1 Mana is born because of happiness 1.
Five types of Mana are: We have a form that pleases me. We received a
pleasing voice: We have a pleasant smell. I have a taste that pleases
me. I have touched my heart: 1. The six types of mana are: a person,
mana is born of the eye, one is due to the ear, one is mana, is due to
the nose, and one is mana is born. Tongue 1 Mana is born from the
readiness of the body 1. Mana is born because of the readiness of the
mind 1. The seven kinds of mana are: arrogance, 1 arrogance, 1 arrogance
and disdain, 1 arrogance, 1 arrogance. 1 Contemplation that we are
wealthy 1 Contemplation 1. Eight kinds of mana, i.e. a person who gives
Conceited due to wealth 1 Conceited due to disgrace 1 Conceited due to
rank 1 Conceited due to disgrace 1 Conceited due to praise 1 Conceited
low Born from gossip 1 Let pride be born from happiness 1 Let low
selfishness be born because of suffering. Nine struggles, namely, I try
to say that I am better than a good person; I say that I am equal with a
good person; I say that I am worse than a good person; I say that I am
better than equals; I say that I am equal with the good. One try to say
that I am equal with the bad one. One say that I am better than the bad
one. One say that I am equal with the bad one. One person says that I am
worse than the bad. Ten things are some people in this world. still come
to be born because of the nation because of descent, etc., because of
other objects, arrogance, arrogance bearer The rise, the rise, the mana
as Thongchai Mana that sustains the mind lust This is called Mana. The
word mana should be determined by the three degrees of knowledge,
namely, relatives, degrees, degrees. This is one mana. namely, the
awakening of the mind as two kinds of mana; Endeavor to suppress others,
etc. These are ten kinds of mana, namely some people in this world.
still come to be born because of the nation because of some descent,
etc., because of some other objects, this is called \"Khun Parinya\".
Why is this? by suffering\
, etc., by deceit as a tool for ridding suffering. Considered this way,
he abandons, alleviates, leads to cessation. This endeavor is called
\"Pahan\", \"Mana\". The word \"mana\" is \"knowing\", that is, \"mana
should be known by these three degrees.\" Therefore, it is called
\"mana\". In the word, why should one act in vain? the furious conduct
of the offended arrogant behavior of the delusional behavior of the one
who strives to bind; conduct with the attitude of the one who is
steadfast behavior with greediness of people who reach a distraction The
behavior of people who reach them with vigor is called rash behavior
(each of them), this is rash behavior. One should abstain from the rush,
meaning that the people should be abstained, abstained, shunned, shaken
off, liberated, irrelevant by rash behavior. One who has a mind free
from the realm of defilements, one should conduct, travel, change his
posture, maintain, maintain, heal; therefore, he should conduct himself
from sloppiness. The Blessed One said, The people should stay away from
lying. One should not do affection in form, one should establish
knowledge of mana, and act aside from the rush.
[831] One should not
rejoice in the old One should not take pleasure in a new sankhara; when
the sankhara has deteriorated, one should not be sorrowful. One should
not be dependent on defilements.
[832] The word that one should not
rejoice in the former body, means that form, feeling, perception, and
consciousness are called the former body. with the ability of lust By
the ability of view, let go, alleviate it, cause it to end, until it
reaches nothing. That which is pleasing, murmuring, affliction,
clinging, clinging, clinging, therefore is called not to be pleased with
the old body.
[833] The word is not to please the new body, meaning
that the present form, feeling, contract, sankhara, and spirit are
called the new body. Do not do favors, pleasures, love, and desires in
all the present things. with the ability of lust with the ability of
view, that is, not to arise, not to be ready not to be born not to be
born only, therefore it is called that one should not indulge in a new
body.
[834] The word when sankhara disappears One should not grieve,
that when the body decays, passes away, disappears, disappears,
disappears, does not sorrow. don\'t be embarrassed Not to be steadfast,
not to wail, not to beat and wail. One should not be fascinated, that
is, when the eye, sota, ghana, chihuahua, body, form, sound, smell,
taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune, rank, praise, happiness, robes,
alms, senasanas, pharmacological factors are lost, gone, gone, gone, no
sorrow. don\'t be embarrassed Not to be steadfast, not to wail, not to
beat and wail. Not to be fascinated. Therefore, it is called when the
body decays. One should not grieve. Concerning the related defilements

[835] Craving is called defilement. In that word, one should not rely
on defilements, such as lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha, greed, and greed.
Why is craving called defilement? Concerning things, a person relates,
clings, holds, clings, clings, clinging to form, feeling, covenant,
sankhara, spirit, motto, emergence, cognition, pity, lust, therefore
craving is called. Passion for related machines. The word One should not
be a dependent person, one should not be a dependent person, one should
abandon, alleviate, and put an end to the cessation of craving, refrain,
refrain, refrain, shake off, get rid of it. One should be one whose mind
is free from the realm of defilements, therefore one should not be
dependent on defilements related to it. The Blessed One said, Do not
rejoice in the old body Do not indulge in new sankharas; when sankharas
have decayed, one should not be sorrowful. One should not rely on
defilements.
[836] I would say that desire a big creek agility (Ajava)
is said to be desire. said emotionally
[837] Craving is called lust,
in the word I would say lust is the great body of water, namely lust,
saraga, etc., Abhijha Lobha. Goodwill called the great water, including
lust, saraka, etc. Apicha Lobha Akusol Mun. We would say that the desire
It is a great water, that I say, tell, declare, decree, appoint, reveal,
classify, shallow, declare desire. It is a great water, hence its name.
It is a great lake.
[838] Passion is called agility. In the word
agility, Desire is lust, namely lust, saraga, etc. Abhicha Lobha,
Akusala Mun. Craving is called desire, such as lust, saraga, etc.
Apichha Lobha Akusalamuol. said agility It is a desire, that I say,
tell, show, dictate, appoint, reveal, classify, shallow, declare
swiftness as desire, hence the name agility is desire.
[839] Lust is
called emotion. It is the determination such as lust, saraga, etc.
Abhijha lobha, akusala mun. Desire is called stipulation, such as lust,
saraka, etc., Abhijha lobha, akusala mun. Therefore, it is said that
emotions are decrees. Sensation is a condition that is difficult to
achieve: sludge is kamma, slumber is lust, lust is lust, mud is lust,
worry is lust. It is difficult to pass, difficult to pass, difficult to
pass, difficult to pass, difficult to pass, therefore it is called a
state of sensuality, difficult to pass. The Blessed One said, We would
say that the desire a big creek said agility is a wish said emotionally
as a determination dirty is erotic It is a condition that is difficult
to achieve.
[841] A muni does not surpass the truth Being a brahmin on
land, he shattered everything. He and I said He is at peace. Not
transgressing from the Noble Path, there is a body 8. The word muni
means wisdom is called Mona, i.e. wisdom, knowledge, etc., transgressing
the Dharma as a connection and craving only as a net. That person is a
Muni. Therefore, one is a Muni who does not transgress from the truth.
Immortal Nirvana is called terrestrial
[843] Immortal nirvana is
called terrestrial in the word as a brahmin set on land, i.e. peace and
tranquility. renunciation of all possessions lust The regurgitation of
craving, the cessation of craving, the release of it is a string. The
word Brahman means that one is called a Brahman, because he is freed
from the seven things, etc. He who is no longer abiding by craving and
desire, is fixed and is called a Brahmin. .word to be a brahmin on land,
that is to be a brahmin on land, to be a refuge in the Dharma Set in the
Dharma as a defense Located in the Dharma as a shelter Located in Dharma
as a refuge located in Dharma without danger located in the Dharma
without movement Located in Amata set in nirvana hence the name is a
brahmin set on land In the inner and outer senses are defilements that
one has abandoned. root cut off Why is there a location like Tan Yod
Duan? As to the non-existence, there is a natural non-occurrence, for
what reason, even for this reason? All things are called renounced,
vomited, renounced, renounced. Lust is good, view is good, mana is good,
that person\'s passion is abandoned, the root is cut off, the root is
cut off, so that the palm tree does not settle. to the absence of later
There is no normal occurrence for any reason, even for this reason. The
whole thing is called The one who gave up, vomited, released, gave up
and gave up. Apunyaphisankhara is good. Anenchaphisangkhara is good. It
is the state of that person, and has been cut off. Why is there a
location like Tan Yod Duan? to the later non-existence, the
non-occurrence of nature, for whatever reason, even for this reason All
things are called renounced, vomited, given up, renounced, therefore he
has cast off all things.
[845] The word that one and I say is calm,
meaning that one, I say, say, speak, show, declare as. He who is calm
enters calm, enters into a wonderful peace, is extinguished, has ceased,
therefore he is called, and I say: is calm. Because of that The Blessed
One said, A muni never strays from the truth. as a brahmin on land and
he shattered all things, and I said, who is at peace. One who is right
in the world does not dream of anyone in this world.
[847] The word
\"knowledge\" in the word \"one who has knowledge\" means knowledge,
knowledge, wisdom, wisdom, enlightenment. intelligent Wisdom to destroy
defilements. The word Vedic means that knowledge in the Fourth Path is
called Veda, etc. He is devoid of desire in all feelings, has overcome
all feelings. The name is Vedic, hence the name that one is
knowledgeable. is Vedic.
[848] The word that one knows the Dharma does
not rely on it means that he has known, that is, has been considered,
compared, has made it clear. made it known that All things are
impermanent. All sankharas are suffering, etc. Anything is naturally
born. All things have a natural cessation. The word non-dependent means
that there are two dependences: the dependence of craving, the
dependence of views, etc. This is called the dependence of craving, etc.
This is called the dependence of perspective. One who renounces
dependence on craving, relinquishes dependence on observance. One who
does not dwell, is not entangled, does not get involved, does not
sympathize, does not give up, renounces, is completely freed from eye,
ear, nose, tongue, body, mind, etc. Form seen, sound heard, smelled,
tasted, touch known. and enlightened morality One who has a mind freed
from the realm of defilements is therefore called that one who knows the
Dharma does not dwell on it.
[849] The word one is rightly in the
world, meaning that the enlightenment in the inner and outer senses is
abandoned by that person. root cut off cause there is no place like Tan
Yod Duan, not having it later There is no normal occurrence for any
reason, even for this reason. That one is called wandering, staying,
changing posture, behaving, caring, nourishing, healing, living in the
world rightly. Apunyaphisankhara is good. Anenchaphisangkhara is good.
It is the condition that one has abandoned, cut off, the root is torn
off, making it impossible to stand as a palm tree. to the absence of
later There is no further occurrence. Naturally, for whatever reason,
even for this reason That person is called to travel. Changing postures,
conducting, maintaining, nurturing, healing, rightly living in the
world; therefore, that person lives in the world. In this world, craving
is called ambition.
[850] The word does not dream for anyone in this
world. This means that craving is called lust, namely lust, saraga,
etc., Abhijja, Lobha, Akusala. Calm, stop, why shouldn\'t it happen?
burned with fire is the soul that person will not dream of someone be a
king as a brahmin be sexual whether it is a saint whether it is a church
as a monk be a deity as a human being, therefore, it is a name that does
not dream of anyone in this world. Because of that The Blessed One said,
One who is knowledgeable, is Vedic, knows the Dharma and does not rely
on it. He who lives in the world like, does not dream of anyone. in this
world.
[851] Whoever crosses over all sensual pleasures and related
which is difficult to overcome in the world, that person does not
grieve. would not focus is the one who has the current cut off there is
no binding. and the things that are difficult to overcome in the world,
who are what, how they are formed, what kind, how they are, what status,
what dharma be a king as a brahmin be sexual whether it is a saint
whether it is a church as a monk be a deity be human by exclaiming that
eroticism, including two kinds of sensual pleasures, namely, one sensual
object, one lustful one, etc., these are called erotic objects, etc.
These are called Passion These are the seven things that are involved,
namely lust, dosa, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, and corruption.
Whoever has crossed over, crossed over, crossed over, crossed over,
transcended, hard to pass, hard to pass, hard to go up. difficult to
overcome difficult to advance It is difficult to pass, therefore,
whoever crosses over all sensual pleasures and troubles that are
difficult to overcome in the world.
[853] The word one does not grieve
does not focus, means that he does not grieve to the variable object or
when the object is already warped He does not grieve, that is, he does
not grieve, does not grieve, does not grieve, does not beat his chest.
It is not the fascination that eyes, sota, ghana, chihuahua, body, form,
sound, smell, taste, touch, surname, family, abbot, fortune, yos,
sanity, happiness, robes, alms, senasana, pharmacological factors,
mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, sisters, children, daughters,
friends, relatives, therefore our blood relatives have changed. that
would not be sad. He does not focus, does not focus, does not focus,
does not aim, does not mean, does not mean. He is not born, does not
grow old, does not die, does not move, does not arise, therefore he does
not grieve. does not focus on lust. Concerning craving is called
current. There is no binding, meaning that lust is called current,
namely lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha, lobha, akusala-mullah. That lust is
the desire which one has been cut off, settled, settled, prevented it
from happening. Burned with fire is insight, that person is called a
person who has a broken current. There is no binding, that is, the seven
bindings, namely lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements,
corruption. These bindings, which one has abandoned, severed, is calm,
is suppressed, prevents it from happening. Burned with the fire of
wisdom, that person is called unbound, therefore he is called one who
has the current cut off. No binder. Because of that. The Blessed One
said, Whoever crosses over all sensual pleasures and the things that are
difficult to deal with in the world, he does not grieve. would not focus
one who has a broken current, has no bindings. because of the sankhara
in the past, let it be dissipated Desires and worries that should arise
because of the sankhara later do not have for you If thou shalt not take
sankhara in the midst, thou shalt be a calm one.
[856] because of the
previous sankhara, let it be dissipated, that what defilements should
arise because the sankharas are part of the past, let those defilements
disappear, be dried up, let go, alleviate, cause them to disappear,
until they are no longer there. Even for this reason, therefore, it is
called defilement that should arise because of the preceding appearance
of the body. You let them disappear. On the other hand, Abhisankhara is
what karma is part of the past? that has not yet yielded Let those karma
be dissipated, dissipated, dried up, that is, end the plant, alleviate
it, cause it to disappear later, so that there is nothing later. because
of the sankhara in the past, let him dissipate. Regarding the future, it
is called later. because the preamble to the body later Do not have for
you, that the future is called later. Whatever defilements and worries
are lust, the existence of anxiety is lust, hatred, delusion, mana,
ditthi, defilement, corruption, should arise because of the prevailing.
All sankharas in the future These anxious machines Do not be given to
you, that you do not make it appear, do not arise, do not make it
perfect. don\'t let it happen Let it not arise only, let go, alleviate
it, cause it to end, so that it does not exist in the future, therefore
it is called the defilement and worry that should arise because of the
later sankhara. Do not be for you.
[858] The word, if you do not take
the body in the middle, means form, feeling, covenant, body, and spirit
are present, called in the midst. not indifferent, that is, will
abandon, alleviate, cause an end to the later absence, which is joy
Talking about the enthusiasm, the clinging, the clinging, the clinging
to all sankharas in this present day. with the ability of lust By the
ability of view, therefore it is called that if you do not take the body
in the midst.
[859] The word thou shalt settle down, meaning that thou
shalt be at peace, come to rest, enter into serenity, quench, quench,
because of lust, wrath, etc. All auspiciousness is a state of peace,
serenity, supreme peace, being burned, extinguished, quenched, halted,
behaved, shifted in posture, to be preserved, nurtured, and healed. Go
and behave calmly. Because of that. The Blessed One said, Desires that
should arise because of the sankhara in the past, let it be dissipated
Desires and worries that should arise because of the sankhara later do
not have for you If you do not take body in the midst, you will be at
peace. will not belong to anyone by all means and whoever does not
grieve because what is considered ours does not exist. that person will
not deterioration in the world. Regarding name and form
[861] The word
\"by all means\" in the word \"consideration that I am in the name of
form\" does not exist to anyone by all means, all by all means. All in
all, there is no left, there is no remainder. The word \"all\" is a
collection of words. The four imperial forms are called names. The four
great elements and the four great forms are called forms. Whoever it is,
is to the Buddha. Arahanta Khinasab is called our belief. namely, our
perception of one\'s own desires, this is called one\'s opinion on lust,
etc., this is called our view on one\'s viewpoint. Our regard in the
name of form would not belong to anyone by In all respects, my belief in
name and form does not exist, does not appear, does not enter to anyone.
By all means, whoever is abolished, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from
arising, is burned, by fire is knowledge, therefore it is called my
esteem in name and form. would not belong to anyone by any means All.
Concerning the one who does not grieve
[862] The word and whoever does
not grieve for what is considered to be nonexistent to me, that he does
not grieve over a subject that has changed, nor when an object has
changed, he will not grieve. That is, he does not grieve, does not
grieve, does not grieve, does not beat his chest. It is not the
infatuation that our eyes, sota, ghana, chihuahua, body, form, sound,
smell, taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune, etc., our blood relatives
have changed. Even for this reason, it is said that one does not grieve
because of what is considered Ours does not exist. Whoever comes to him
is not sorrowful, does not grieve, does not grieve, does not beat his
chest. not up to infatuation Even for this reason, it is said that one
does not grieve because what is considered mine does not exist. On the
other hand, whoever is eye disease, affects, possesses, etc., is one who
is touched by flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and beasts that crawl,
dominate, overwhelm. arrived He does not sorrow, does not grieve, does
not mourn, does not beat his chest. not up to infatuation Even for this
reason, it is said that it does not sorrow. because what is considered
ours does not exist. When that name does not appear, does not appear,
does not enter, no one grieves, does not grieve, does not mourn, does
not beat his chest. It\'s not the infatuation that our name and form
have already existed. There is no name for us. Our name should be We do
not have that name, form, even so, therefore it is called, and whoever
sorrows for what is not considered mine. There exists. Concerning the
deterioration of the one who adheres to
[863] the word that one does
not decline in the world, that is, holding, clinging, clinging, liking,
humility, form, feeling, covenant, body, spirit, whatever, is this mine?
that this of other people for whom Deterioration comes to that person.
Indeed, according to the proverb You have passed away from the chariot,
the jewels and the jewels, and the sons and wives, and from all the
wealth you have not consumed, why are you not troubled in times of
sorrow? Forsaking beings first, beings forsake those possessions first.
Those who desire all possessions are possessed of nothing, therefore we
do not grieve. In times of sorrow, the moon rises, fills up, disappears,
the sun sets, and then disappears. We know the eight worlds, therefore
we do not grieve. In times of sorrow, holding, clinging, clinging,
clinging, liking, humility to form, feeling, covenant, body, spirit,
whatever, whether this is mine, or this thing of others. There is none
for anyone, there is no decay, there is none. As the saying goes, look
at the monk Would you be pleased? O old man, what is it that we get to
be glad? Well, monks, then are you sorrowful? Old man, things have
passed away, and we will grieve. Then, recluse, you will not rejoice.
would not grieve or be like that He who is old. And realistically
according to the proverb for a long time So we have seen a bhikkhu who
is a brahmin, who is slain, has no joy, no suffering, crosses the
world\'s lusts and lusts, therefore he does not decline in the world.
Therefore, the Blessed One said, Our regard in the name of form There is
none for anyone by all means, and no one grieves. because what is
considered ours does not exist. He does not decline in the world.

[864] Any concern whether this is mine or this of others There is none
for that person without our regard. It\'s not sad that this there is
none for us. or this of other people There is none for the Arahant
Khina, holding, clinging, clinging, liking, submitting to any body,
namely form, feeling, covenant, body, and spirit, whether this is mine,
or this thing of other people does not exist, nor does it appear.
inaccessible to anyone, that is, whoever is abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevents it from happening. burned with fire, that is,
insight. or this of other people There will be none for anyone. as true
as the Blessed One said: look at the monks This body is not yours.
neither are they of other people. Bhikkhus, this body, which is
controlled by old karma, which the mind has formed, is to be seen as the
place of suffering. look at the monks noble disciple who has heard would
respect the sacraments that is, in a very good manner, in that body that
for this reason When this exists, this exists, because this happens.
this happened when this does not exist This does not exist; because this
ceases, this ceases, that is, because ignorance is a factor, there is
sankhara. because body is a factor, there is spirit, etc., the birth of
all suffering would have symptoms like this because that ignorance is
also extinguished.\
Being able to vomit without rest, sankhara is extinguished, etc., the
cessation of the whole mass of suffering arises with this condition.
Even for this reason, so it is called any concern, whether this thing is
mine, or this thing of others. There is none for anyone. And as the
Blessed One said, \"Lord, you must be mindful of the world to see the
world as an extinction, withdrawing the self. One who has crossed over
death with such a condition, the mortal does not see a person who sees
the world in this way. ...there is none for anyone. And it is true as
the Blessed One said. look at the monks What is not yours, leave it
alone. that which you have neglected There will be for the benefit and
happiness for a long time. See, monks. What is not yours? look at the
monks The image is not yours. All of you, leave your form. That image,
which you have abandoned, will have for the benefit of eternal
happiness. Pity, covenant, body, spirit, not yours. Set aside that
spirit. that spirit that you have abandoned will be there for the
benefit for eternal happiness look at the monks Why should you consider
that? The grass, sticks, branches and leaves in the Temple of Jet today
should be taken, burned, or done accordingly. You should have Do this or
that? people will burn it which we all Or follow the factors. There is
no idea, Lord Buddha. For what reason? Because that is not a person or a
thing because of the person of us look at the monks what is not yours
All of you what a waste that which you have neglected There will be for
the benefit and happiness for a long time, so look, monks. What is not
yours? Monks, form is not yours. ...the spirit is not yours. ye shall
cast off that spirit. that spirit you have abandoned There will be for
the benefit of happiness for a long time. Even so, it is called any
concern ...there is none for anyone. And it is true as the saying goes,
\"Look at the jewels, when one sees the emergence of pure Dharma and The
successor to all sankharas is true, there is no danger. When one sees
the world equal to grass and wood with wisdom, then one does not desire
anything other than nirvana without conception. Vajira bhikkhuni uttered
this stanza. Kamar is more ignorant than, \"Karma,\" what do you believe
in your view that an animal This body is a pile of all sankhara Just as
a wise man cannot be called an animal in this whole body of aggregation,
just as the sound of a car is due to the presence of a khandha. Assuming
that beings exist, so too is suffering; suffering arises; suffering
arises and changes; except suffering nothing arises. Except suffering,
nothing is extinguished. Even for this reason, it is called any worry.
...there is none for anyone. And it is true as the Blessed One said.
look at the monks A bhikkhu searches for form like that, as well as the
idea of form that exists. A bhikkhu searches for feelings ... contracts
... sankhara ... spirits as well as the motto of the existing spirit.
when the monk Search for a picture as well as the motto of the existing
picture. When searching for feelings ... contracts ... sankhara ...
spirits and the motto of the existing spirits. Even though we are good
that ours is good that we would have Not even that respect was given to
that monk. Even for this reason, it is called worrying. Nothing \... is
for no one. Venerable Ananda asked the Blessed One: Lord Blessed He said
that the world is lost, the world is lost. For what reason? He therefore
said that the world is lost, the world is lost. The Blessed One replied:
\"O Ananda, because of the loss of oneself or from something due to
oneself, therefore I say that the world is perishable.\" Whatever is
lost from oneself or from what is due to oneself, Ananda, the eye is
lost from oneself, or from what is due to oneself, form is lost ...
eye-soul ... eye-contact ... pleasure is good. All suffering is good.
All bitterness and suffering are good. that occurs because the eye
contact is a factor Ears ... sounds ... nose ... smell ... tongue ...
taste ... body ... touch ... mind ... dharma ... spiritual mind ... mono
sense ... pleasure and feeling is good. All suffering is good. All
bitterness and suffering are good. that happened because of the touch is
a factor Though suffering is lost from oneself or from what is due to
oneself, Ananda, because of the world is lost from oneself, or from what
is due to oneself, therefore I say, The world is lost, and therefore it
is called any concern that this thing is mine. or this thing of other
people There will be none for anyone.
[866] Name: My esteem, in the
word that one, when I do not have my esteem, is my esteem for two
things: my lust for one, my esteem for one\'s view, etc. This is my
esteem. with lust, etc., this is called my esteem, one who abandons my
esteem with lust. Having relinquished my esteem in view, when he did not
see, did not experience, not only my selfishness, therefore he was
called, when he did not have regard. that ours.
[867] The word is not
sad This is not for us, that he does not grieve. to the variable object
or when the object is already warped did not grieve and not sorrow, not
grieve, not grieve, not beat the breasts and lament. Not up to that
passion Our eyes have changed. Our ears have changed, etc. Our blood has
changed. This is not for us. Because of that. The Blessed One said, Any
concern that this thing is mine, or that this thing of others is
nonexistent to that person without our regard. He does not grieve that
this does not exist for me.
[868] He is not envious, does not follow,
is not shaken, is equal in all senses. and said that virtue. Concerning
the one who is not envious Why not follow? Some people in this world are
envious, that is, they envy, hate, bind their envy towards wealth,
worship, respect, respect, worship and worship others. jealousy envy,
envy, envious behavior envy, hatred, detestable behavior This loathing
is called envy. That envy, which is torn off, calmed, settled, prevents
it from happening. burned with fire is the soul that person is called He
is not envious, therefore he is called envious. The word non-attachment
means that lust is called lust, such as lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha,
lobha, and unattainable. That lust, which one has abandoned, settled, is
settled, prevents it from arising. burned with fire is the soul that
person is called He is not enamored, that is, he does not get attracted,
does not get lost, is not absorbed in forms, etc. in forms seen, sounds
heard. Known emotions and enlightened ones is a person without
enthusiasm Get rid of the passion, give up the passion, give up the
passion, let go of the passion, give up the passion, give up the
passion, give up without desire, lost from desire, renounced desire
regurgitation Let go of lust, give up lust, relinquish lust, quenched,
quenched, cooled, one enjoys one\'s self as Brahma; therefore one is
called one who is not envious. 870 The word that is not shaken, one is
equal in all senses, meaning that craving is called shake, such as lust,
saraga, etc., covetousness, greed, greed, unshakable nature. This
trembling craving, which is to be abandoned, is calmed. Suspended, why
shouldn\'t it happen? Burned with fire, that is insight, that person is
called a person who is immovable. With the abandoning of all
trepidation, one does not waver, inclined, struggling, busy, busy, even
in fortune, even in misfortune, even in rank, even in disgrace. even in
praise Even in gossip, even in happiness, even in suffering, therefore
it is called one who is not shaken. He is equal in all senses, that is,
the 12 senses, namely, eye, form, etc., mind, and dharma are called all
senses. Whenever the mind, in the inner and outer senses, is abandoned,
the root is cut off. Why is there a location like Tan Yod Duan? to the
absence later There is no further occurrence, then he is called equal,
stable, neutral, indifferent in all senses, therefore he is called
unshaken, equal in all senses.
[871] no anxiety and told the virtue
that I was asked, asked, asked to tell, summoned to tell, and bestowed
upon a person who is not shaken. He said these four virtues, namely,
telling, clarifying, etc., declaring that a person is not envious, not
envious, unshaken, one who is equal in all senses. Therefore, I am asked
about a person unshaken I told that virtue. Because of that The Blessed
One said, A person who is not envious, is not envious, is not shaken, is
equal in all senses. We are asked about one who is unshaken. and tell
that virtue. There is no one who is unshaken, enlightened, that person
has been spared from the supersankhara. He sees serenity in all places.

[873] Lust is called trembling. In the word trembling, one who is
unshaken, enlightened, namely lust, saraga, etc., covetousness, greed,
greed, unshakable lust, which is torn off, calmed, and settled. don\'t
let it happen Burned with the fire of wisdom, that person is called the
one who is not shaken. With the abandoning of all trepidation, he is not
moved, inclined, struggling, busy, busy, even in fortune, even in ruin,
even in rank, even in disgrace, even in praise. Even in gossip, even in
happiness, even in suffering, therefore it is called a person who is not
shaken. All sankharas are suffering, etc. Anything happens naturally.
All things are naturally extinguished, therefore it is called a person
who is not shaken. enlightened.
[874] There is no such thing as
\'Apisankhara\'. Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisangkhara is called
Aphisangkhara (nisankhti). Punyaphisangkhara is good. Apunyaphisankhara
is good. Anenchaphisangkhara is good. which person root cut off cause
there is no place like Tan Yod Duan, not having it later There is no
further occurrence. for this reason Abhisankharas are nonexistent, not
manifested, unable to enter, that is, the state in which a person has
been cut off, settled, settled, prevents it from arising, and burns away
is knowledge, therefore it is called Abhisankhara. There is none.

[875] The word that person has been abstained from the Abhisankhara,
that is, Punyaphisankhara, Apunya Phisankhara, Anenchaphisankhara is
called Abhisankhara (Viyarambha). Punyaphisangkhara Apunyaphisankhara
Anenchaphisan which person root cut off cause it to not have a location
like Tan Yod Duan to reach the absence later There is no further
occurrence. for this reason That person is said to be abstaining,
abstaining, abstaining, eliminating, shattering, liberating,
unassociated, having a mind free from the realm of defilements, hence
the name one is abstained from supersankhara. everywhere: lust, hatred,
delusion, etc., all defilements causing disaster because that person is
ignorant of lust that causes danger, etc., abandoning all defilements
which has already caused disaster He sees serenity everywhere, that is,
he sees safety, no anger, no sin, no hindrance, no cessation, therefore
he sees serenity everywhere. The Blessed One said, Abhisankhara what?
There is no one who is shaken, enlightened, that person is abstained
from the supersankhara. Sees serenity in all places.
[877] A Muni does
not speak of himself among equals. Among the lower ones, among the
higher ones, the Muni are peaceful. without stinginess It does not
adhere to it, it does not give up (the Blessed One says). Regarding the
qualities of a Muni
[878] The word Muni does not speak of himself
among those who are equal. Among the lower ones, among the higher ones,
wisdom is called mona: wisdom, knowledge, etc., transgressions of the
Dhamma are related, and only lust exists. A person is called a Muni.
Muni does not speak, does not speak, does not tell, does not declare,
does not state that I am better than him, I am equal, or I am inferior
to him. Therefore, the Muni does not speak of himself among those who
are equal. in the lower Among the higher ones.
[879] Peaceful in the
word Muni are calm without stinginess, that is, one who is calm, at
peace, is at peace, is extinguished, is extinguished, because of
passion, hatred, delusion, etc. All sankharas are calm, serene, serene,
stingy, burned, extinguished, quenched, hence the name Muni is at peace.
The word without stinginess means that the five stinginess are
stinginess of the pastor, etc. This jealousy is called stinginess. That
stinginess, which muni is cut off, calmed, suppressed, why should it
arise? burned with fire is the soul Muni is called The one who is free
from stinginess, recovers from stinginess, eliminates stinginess.
regurgitate stinginess out of stinginess give up stinginess
relinquishing his stinginess, hence the name Muni is calm. Without
stinginess.
[880] The word does not adhere, meaning it does not cling,
does not shake off. Thus says the Blessed One: The Muni does not hold,
does not take, does not take, does not cling, does not cling to, which
Form, feeling, contraction, sankhara, spirit, muni, muni, do not give
up, do not relieve, do not give up. It does not reach the absence of
form, feeling, covenant, sankhara, spirit, motto, incarnation, patindhi,
pity, and vatta, therefore it is said that it does not shake off. The
Buddha then said, Muni do not speak of themselves among those who are
equal. Among the lower ones, among the higher ones, the Muni are
peaceful. without stinginess He does not adhere to it, does not shake it
off (the Blessed One says this). Attanthasuttanidthes the 15th.
------------ Sariputtasuttanidthes the 16th, on the voice of the Buddha
consisting of 8 elements
[881] (Sariputra said as follows) Phra A
teacher with a beautiful tone of voice, coming from Phop Dusit came to
being a teacher like this before, but now I\'ve never seen nor have I
ever heard to anyone.
[882] I have never seen the word before, meaning
that in the past, the Blessed One I have never seen this eye. With this
self. Blessed One He remembered the Buddhist Lent at Bantu Kamphol Sila
At, wielding the Paricchattaka (Thong Lang tree) tree in the world of
Daowadung, where a group of angels descended into Sangkasana. by the
stairway accomplished with jewels in the midst, at that time I refrained
from this view I have never seen it in the past, therefore it is called
that I have never seen it before.
[883] Iti in the word Sariputra says
as follows: it is a chapter, an obstacle, a path. is a character
convention It is a euphemism with syllables, a sequence of chapters. The
word Aysma is a symbol of love. It is said with respect. It is said to
go with respect. It is an instrument that goes with reverence. The word
Sariputra is a name, it is a counting tool. It\'s a sign, it\'s a law,
it\'s a rhetoric, it\'s a name, it\'s a naming, it\'s a name as a
mention It is a sign of meaning, a specific saying of that Elder.
Therefore, it is called Venerable Sariputta as follows:
[884] The word
Na in the word neither has ever heard to anyone, it is rejected. The
word Ut is a chapter. Sonthi is an obstacle as a death sentence It\'s a
character vocabulary, a vocabulary word elaborated with a consonant. in
order of chapters. The word \"to anyone\" means \"to anyone\", who is a
king, a brahmin, a clergyman, a clergyman, a layman, a clergyman, a
deity, or a human being, hence the name, neither has ever heard of
anyone. who has such a beautiful tone of voice, that the Teacher has a
beautiful tone, that is, a sultry voice There is a divine voice as the
location of love. There is a monk\'s voice because of the sound of a
bird. consisting of eight elements, emanating from the Blessed One\'s
mouth: an uninterrupted sound, a sound that is easily understood by the
listener, a beautiful sound, a pleasant sound, a mellow sound, and an
unmistakable sound. 1 is a deep sound, 1 is a resonant sound 1. Whenever
the Blessed One will inform the company by voice, then the voice of the
Blessed One would not go out of the company. It\'s the Blessed One sound
like a brahma There is a loud sound of birds and waking. Therefore, it
is called having such a beautiful tone. The Blessed One\'s leader, the
name of the Teacher. Leader would lead them to cross the wilderness; to
cross over, to go up, to cross out, to cross over the wilderness, but
thieves the wilderness but the beast in the wilderness but in starvation
in the wilderness but without water Just as the Blessed One leads them
through the wilderness, crossing over, crossing over, crossing over,
crossing over, crossing over the nations. Famine but parasite Poverty
but death Soka, parideva, suffering, sorrow, and upayas, Poverty but
lust, Poverty but lust, Moha, Mana, Ditthi, Desires and corruption,
Rakhat is lust, Rakhat is passion, Moha, Mana and Ditthi, Rakhat is
passion. to reach nirvana which is part of Kasem me too Even for this
reason: Therefore the Blessed One is called On the other hand, the
Blessed One is the leader, the mentor, the frequent leader, the
educator, the conservative, the watcher, the delinquent, even for this
reason: Therefore the Blessed One is called Leaders. The Blessed One is
the one who is still in the path. not happen He still has the path that
is not yet born ready to be born. He who enlightens the way that has not
been told, He knows the way, He knows the way. He is wise in the way.
That\'s it right now. The disciples of the Lord His Majesty is the one
who follows the path become a virtuous sacrament later, even for the
following reasons: The Blessed One is called the Leader, therefore the
Blessed One. This beautiful tone of voice. Concerning the Lord Buddha as
a teacher He had a conscience descending into the womb of his mother,
even for this reason, therefore it is called descending from the Dusit
world to become a teacher. Dusit. Those deities were delighted,
satisfied, pleased, delighted. They were born with joy, saying that the
Blessed One had come from Dusit the world to become a teacher. Even for
this reason, therefore, it is called coming from the Dusit world to
become a teacher. Arahants, he said, Dusit. Those arahats are pleased,
satisfied, contented, and filled with fulfillment that the Blessed One
has come to become the teacher of the arhats. Even for this reason,
therefore, it is named after coming from the Dusit world to become a
teacher. The word Kani means having a group. The Blessed One. The name
is Kani because of the meaning that he is a teacher. He is the teacher
of the faculty. Because of the meaning that His Highness administers the
Faculty because of its meaning. His Highness taught the faculty because
of the value that He taught the faculty because of the value that His
Highness has the potential to enter the sect. The group was willing to
listen to him. listen up to set his mind for knowledge. to be located in
charity is a faculty member of the Faculty of Monks is a faculty member
of the nun is a faculty member of the laying being a faculty member of
the Upasika Faculty; a faculty member of the Royal Faculty is a faculty
member of the monarchy is a faculty member of the Brahmins is a faculty
member of the Faculty of Medicine is a faculty member of the Faculty of
Sutra He is the teacher of the group of devas, the teacher of the Brahma
sect. The Teacher is a group, has a group, is a teacher. He comes,
enters, is ready, is ready, the Sangakasana. Therefore, he is called
coming from Dusit. because of that Thera Sariputra said: (Sariputra said
thus:) The Master, having a beautiful tone of voice, came from the world
of Dusit. came to being a teacher like this before, but now I have never
seen and never heard to anyone.
[887] would appear clearly to the world
and to the world He removes all darkness. be the protagonist attained
joy. devas and humans therefore it is called to the world together with
the world of gods. Regarding the Lord Buddha appeared to devas and
humans It is evident that the devas see the Blessed One preaching the
Dharma at the Bandukampala Silas, swinging the parichattaka trees in the
Davatimsa world, just as humans see it. The angels See, just as the
Blessed One appears to the devas. It appears to humans just as the
Blessed One appears to humans. would appear to the deities Even for this
reason, thus it is called the Blessed One who has eyes to be clearly
visible. samana brahmin Some of them did not train themselves. is
manifested by the sex of a person who is tamed, not calmed, appears by
the sex of a person, who is calm, not suppressed, appears by the sex of
the person who is suppressed or not, is manifested by the sex of the
person who is killed. The recluses and brahmins, who are not pure on the
inside, beautiful from the outside, are encompassed around the world.
like a pot of clay covered with gold. And like a coin with a gold plated
metal mask, the Blessed One doesn\'t even appear. The Blessed One,
trained Himself, appears by the sex of the Trained Buddha, calmed down,
appears by the Gender of the Buddha. Calm, settled, appears by the sex
of the Extinct Buddha, and slain, appears by the sex of the Extinct
Buddha in reality, in reality, in reality, in reality, without being
perverted, by nature. all the Buddhas in the posture, not aggravated,
complete with aspirations (Desire) Even for this reason, therefore, the
name of the Blessed One, who has the eye, is clearly evident. The
Blessed One has pure honor. He is filled with honor and praise like
this, and especially in the Naga, the Garuda, the Giant, the Asura, the
Dharma, the Maharaj, the Indra, and the Brahma. On the other hand, the
Blessed One, endowed with ten strengths, manifests itself, can be
perceived by means of knowledge, 4 perceptions, 4 ignorance, 6
Buddhadhammas, 6 powers, virtues, persistence and wisdom. all appear in
the distance Like the Himawan Mountain, therefore, no evil person
appears here. like an arrow shot in the night Therefore, even for this
reason, therefore, the name of the Blessed One who has the eye is
clearly visible. Regarding the five eyes, the Blessed One who has eyes
means that the Blessed One has the eye and the five eyes, that is, the
Blessed One has the eye, the eye is the eye, the eye is with
wisdom-eyes, having an eye even with a Buddha-eye, having an eye even
with an eye-eye 1. The Blessed One\'s eyes, even with the eyes of the
Blessed One, of five colors, namely green, yellow, red, black and white,
appear in the eyes of the Blessed One. Where is the Blessed One located?
That place is green, completely green, pleasant to look at, like a water
hyacinth flower. It was yellow, pale yellow, the color of gold,
attractive to look at, like a Kannika flower. The rim of the socket of
the Blessed One\'s two eyes was red, red, beautiful, attractive,
pleasing to look at, like the color of the wings of an insect
overlapped. There were black and black in the midst of his eyes.
Beautiful, not dull, completely clear, pleasant to look at, like the
color of a black anchor. (Brick to fire). After that, there is white,
beautiful, radiant, soft white, pleasant to look at, like the color of
stars, sparkling. born only honesty in the past He saw one benefit all
around. Day and night, even when His hands were composed of four bodies,
namely, the setting sun, a day in the ubosot, a line of dense forests,
and a large cloud of clouds rising up. as seen in the four bodies, such
as the pit, the gate, the wall, the mountain, the stump, the vines are
the shield to see all forms. Surely there isn\'t. A person should take a
seed of sesame mark it in the sesame wagon The Blessed One should take
that sesame seed. Yes. The monk\'s eye is normal for the Blessed One
like this. The Blessed One has eyes. With this kind of eyesight. How
does the Blessed One have eyes even with the divine eye? An incarnated
being, being incarnated, inferior, exquisite, having good complexion,
bad complexion, good, hard to fall, by the pure eye of human beings. He
knows the group of beings who are bound by karma. These beings are
composed of corrupt bodies, dishonest speech, dishonest mentality,
criticizing the noble ones. They are foolish, clinging to action with
the power of foolishness. When they die, they will attain evil, dukkha,
extinction, and hell. As for these beings, they consist of body honesty,
speech honesty, conscience, and do not criticize the noble ones. is
right Holding on to the power of right view, when he dies, he attains
the heavenly world as follows: the Blessed One He sees a group of beings
incarnating, being miserable, evil, exquisite, good-looking,
bad-skinned, good, hard to fall, by the pure divine eye invading the
human eye. and knows the animals that are subject to karma Thus, the
Blessed One, when he wishes One should see, even one element, even two,
even three, even four, even five, even ten, even 20, even 30, even 40,
even fifty, even one thousand or more elements Even though the two
thousand elemental worlds are central, even the three thousand elemental
worlds Even thousands of worldly elements. The Blessed One how much he
wants should only see. Even with such an eye. How does the Blessed One
have eyes even with the discerning eye? The Blessed One is very wise.
broad intelligence wise, cheerful wise play intelligent have the first
wisdom He was wise in the category of wisdom, possessed sharp intellect,
attained enlightenment. He attained the 4th Vesarachayanana, His Majesty
was a valiant man. He was a man of color. He was a Naga man He was a
well-mannered man He was a man who carried out errands as usual. There
is an infinite intellect. Infinite in power, infinite in rank, infinite
in wealth. He had a lot of wealth He has wisdom as his wealth, is the
leader, leads by magic, leads frequently to know the benefits. to
consider the benefits Let\'s sail with the heart. That Blessed One He is
the one who gave the path that has not yet arisen. He gave the path that
had not yet arisen. ready to happen with the one who tells the way that
no one has told He knows the way He knows the Path, He is wise in the
Path. That\'s it now. The Blessed One\'s disciples are those who follow
the Path. who was endowed with virtue afterwards. He knew the dharma
that should be known. He saw the Dhamma to be seen, the Eye, the Wisdom,
the Dharma, the Brahma Dharma, the One who speaks, the One who speaks.
as a leader He bestows immortality, the Dharma, the husband, the
Tathagata, what he does not know, does not see, does not know, does not
clarify, is not right through wisdom. There is none for that Blessed
One. All dharmas, including past, future and present, will come in all
manifestations, the wisdom of the Enlightened One. Name that there is
the benefit that should be introduced in everything that people should
know, namely their own benefit, the benefit of others, the benefit of
both, the benefit of this life. The benefits are in the next life,
shallow benefits, deep benefits, mysterious benefits. hidden benefits
Recommended benefits Benefits already recommended by graduates Benefit
without penalty benefits without passion Shining benefits Great
benefits, benefits, all of them are circumscribed within the Buddha\'s
knowledge. have uninterrupted wisdom in the future There is no hindrance
in the present. All physical karma, speech, mental karma. It is
according to the knowledge of the Blessed One who has attained the
enlightenment. How much should I recommend? Only the insight, the more
knowledge, the only Dharma chapter that should be recommended. The
Dharma chapter that should be introduced is also the final part of the
Dharma. The path of Dharma that should be recommended is not beyond the
enlightenment. Those dharmas are located at the end of each other\'s
surroundings. The bottom layer is not more than the top layer. Just as
the upper tier is not higher than the lower tier, the lower tier, as the
two tiers are located in the periphery of each other. They are located
at the end of each other. How much doctrine should be introduced? Only
the insight, the more knowledge, the only Dharma chapter that should be
recommended. The Dharma chapter that should be introduced is also the
ultimate part of the Dharma. The path of Dharma that should be
introduced is not beyond those teachings. are located at the end of each
other I\'m the same. of the Enlightened One It is circumscribed in all
dharmas. all dharmas due to conscience because of hope because of the
community due to malice of the Enlightened One, the Enlightened One. the
insight of the Enlightened One is omnipotent in all beings. He knows
those beings with little defilements in the eye, more defilements in the
eye. organic with weak organics difficult to recommend be an animal It
is the unfortunate world of beings, the world, together with the gods,
the Mara, the Brahma world, the group of beings and the brahmins. Angels
and humans are omnipresent in the Buddha\'s inner knowledge. All kinds
of fish and turtles. Most include timimi, assorted timita and assorted
timimit. Just as the world goes round and round within the ocean, the
world with its gods, the Mara, the Brahma world, the beings and the
brahmins and recluses. angels and humans It is circumscribed within the
Buddha\'s knowledge, and so am I. All kinds of birds. by most including
Garuda Wentai descent Just as the Buddha\'s disciples, who are at par
with the Sariputta by wisdom, are round in the country of the Buddha\'s
insight. Likewise, the Buddha\'s wisdom covers the wisdom of There are
gods and men. The sages who are kings, brahmins, householders, ascetics
are wise, thorough, know the words of others. Like an archer shooting
feathers in the sand accurately. travel as if destroying one\'s attitude
others with their wisdom those graduates After concocting the problems,
he came to the Tathagata and asked those questions which the Blessed One
had asked and solved. It was a problem with reasons that His Highness
expressed and He threw them out. Those sages had reverence for the
Blessed One. with the wisdom there How does the Blessed One have eyes
even with the eyes of the Buddha? the world with the Buddha\'s eye He
saw all the creatures with little defilements in the eye. There is a lot
of defilement, in the wisdom of the eye, there is an organic matter.
Weak organic, good symptoms, bad symptoms, easy to recommend, difficult
to recommend. Some are those who see blame and danger in the hereafter.
In the green lotus, in the red lotus, or in the white lotus, the Ubon
flower, the red lotus or the white lotus. Some flowers are born in
water, grow in water, grow in water, submerge in water, which the water
nourishes. As some flowers are born in water, grow in water, settle in
water, some are born in water, grow in water, rise above water, do not
stick. Even as the Blessed One when he examined the world with the eye
of the Buddha He saw a being with little passion in the eye, with much
passion in the eye. have organic plantain Weak organic, good symptoms,
bad symptoms, easy to recommend, difficult to advise. Some are those who
see the dangers and dangers of the Hereafter. I\'m the same. The Blessed
One knows that This person is insane This person is a master. This
person is deceitful. This person is insane. This person is a virtuous
person. This person is the instinct. The Blessed One. He speaks to an
ignorant person, speaks mercy to a person who is ignorant, advises a
person who is ignorant to stay in learning, in inquiry, in listening to
the Dharma at the proper time. in the proper discussion of the Dharma in
living with the teacher A person who is ignorant speaks the sutra which
is a good vision. Buddha\'s good enlightenment good justice of the
Dharma good practice of monks and all their precepts, which is the place
of devotion to a person who has faith which has untimely symptoms
distressed having an eye to a person who is instinctive. man standing on
top of rock mountain Just as the people around you should be seen, O
Blessed One who is wise With eyes all around him, sorrow is gone, and he
ascends to the sanctuary of dharma. Examine the people who mourn in
sorrow. being dominated by the nation and old Likewise, the Blessed One
has an eye even with such a Buddha-eye. How does the Blessed One have an
eye even with an enlightened eye? The Blessed One has gone near, has
gone near arrived well Comprised of the omniscient. Realistic as written
a spell that anything in this tri-world which the Tathagata\'s intellect
does not see, then there is no other nature. which the Buddha did not
know Then, and that is not known, there is no nature that should be
guided. Because of that, the Tathagata is called the Sacred Eye. The
Blessed One has eyes even with this Samatha, therefore the Blessed One
is called the Blessed One. The one who has the eye is clearly visible.

[890] The word eliminating all darkness means alleviating,
eliminating, eradicating, leading to the absence of darkness because of
sensuality. darkness of wrath darkness because of rulers darkness
because of darkness because of the view darkness because of passion
darkness because of all corruption that leads to blindness do not have
an eye Why do you not have intellect? being on the side of hardship not
to lead to nirvana, therefore the name is eliminated all hands He is the
main person because of the ordination part. He is the prime person
because he has no friends, he is the prime person because of lust. He is
a great person because of the meaning that One who is free from lust by
only one part. He is completely free from hatred, he is a person who is
preeminent because he is partly free from delusion. He was a great
person because he was a person without defilements. He is a great person
because of the meaning that is the one who goes along the Eternal Path
He is a great person because of the meaning that He is the only one who
has enlightened with excellent enlightenment. Because of the ordination
part? He was young and capable. He had a young, young, in the early
childhood, when his mother and father did not wish to be ordained His
face was drenched in water, his eyes gleaming. He gave up his family and
relatives, cutting off all concerns in his rank. He cuts off the worries
of his sons. He cuts off the worries of his relatives. He cuts off the
worries in the Amart friend. He cuts the worries of accumulating,
transforming the hair and the beard. occupying a kasaya robe, went out
to the state of being carefree, traveling, resting, resting, behaving,
healing, nourishing, healing, alone. Blessed One He is the preeminent
person because of this part of the ordination. How is the Blessed One
who is the preeminent person because he has no friends? He is ordained
in this way alone, secluded in forests and secluded forests, with few
voices, no rumblings, no passers-by. Human secret karma should be done.
worthy of seclusion, he walks alone stand alone sat alone He went out
alone, and sat in a secret place alone. Praying for Him alone,
traveling, resting, resting, behaving, healing, healing, healing alone.
The Blessed One is the preeminent person because There is no friend like
this. The Blessed One is the main person. because of the renunciation of
lust? that is the only one Having no friends like this, he was reckless,
ardent, and had a resolute mind, he set up the Mahapatana on the banks
of the Neranjara River. He swept away all devils and demons that did not
let the masses go, he was a reckless race, renounced, alleviated, and
put an end to the lusts only as the net that made them wander. Let\'s
stick with the emotions. lustful man as a friend Sail towards this and
other beings, forever and ever, without pity. A monk knows this
punishment. know lust as birthplace of suffering therefore being free
from lust Without clinging, mindful, one should abstain. The Blessed One
is the preeminent person because of this lust. one who is completely
free from sensuality How? One who is completely free from lust because
of the meaning that His lust has been abandoned. He is completely free
from anger because His anger has been abandoned. being without rulers by
one part because he had neglected his lust because he had abandoned all
defilements. is the one who goes along the Eternal Path How? How?
Satipatthana, 4 Righteousness, 4 Influence, 4 Echidna, 5 Strength, 5
Bojjhana, 7 Noble Eightfold Path, the Eightfold Path is called the
Ekanamaga (Dharma is the path and path of one person). Blessed One One
who sees the Dharma is the end of the life, who gives generously and
supportively. He knows the path as the path leading to one person; the
wise have crossed before, cross over and cross over the void. with that
path. He is one who goes along the Eternal Path in this way. He is the
only one who is fully enlightened. What is the supreme insight? Nana,
Panya, Panya, Panya bala, Dharma-vijaya-samphojha, Vimangsa, Vipassana,
Samma-ditthi in the Fourth Path are called Bodhi. The Blessed One
realized that all sankharas are impermanent, that all sankharas are
suffering, that all dhammas are non-self, that because ignorance is a
factor, that sankhara arises, etc., because birth is a factor, aging and
death arises, and because of ignorance, sankhara is the cause. and thus
quenched, etc. Because of birth, old age and death, he knows that this
is suffering, he knows that this is suffering, that this is the
cessation of suffering, that this is the cessation of suffering, that
this is the cessation of suffering, that this is the cessation of
suffering, that this is the cessation of suffering. Swamp, I know that
this is the cessation of taints, I know that this leads to the cessation
of taints, I know that these dhammas should be fully realized, I know
that these dhammas should be established, I know that these dhammas
should be abandoned, I know that these dhammas should be cultivated,
enlightened. that these virtues should be made clear the enlightenment
of the birth, the cessation of virtues, the harm, and the deviating
schemes of the contact; 6 the enlightenment of the birth, the cessation,
the virtues and the detriment of the aggregates of clinging; the five
enlightenment of the birth, the cessation, the virtues, the harm, and
the deviating schemes of the Great Elemental Formation. 4 enlightenment
that something has a natural birth All things have a natural extinction.
The Blessed One has attained enlightenment, only real enlightenment,
complete enlightenment, right enlightenment, attainable, mere, right,
realizing the dharma that should be enlightened. should only enlighten
It should be fully enlightened, it should be attained, it should be
right, it should be enlightened by that knowledge. The Blessed One is
the preeminent person, because he is the only one who has attained such
excellent enlightenment. Delight, in the word joy attained, means that
the Blessed One attains, attains, is right, realises, delights in the
Nekkamma, delights in solitude, delights in peace. Delight in
enlightenment, therefore, is called a person, the supreme person,
attaining delight. Thera Sariputra said: The Blessed One who has eyes
would appear clearly to the world and to the world The Blessed One
eliminated all darkness. be the protagonist accomplished which pleasure.

[892] We wish with trouble. So came to that Buddha, who is not\
dependent, who is stable, who does not deceive. who became the teacher
of many people which is due to this religion. Concerning the name of the
Buddha
[893] name is Buddha. In the word \"Buddha\" is the one who
does not rely on the constant, that is, the Blessed One who is Sambhu.
no one is a teacher enlightenment of the truths himself, in the dharmas
which he had never heard before. He attained enlightenment because of
that enlightenment. And he is an expert in all dharmas. The word Buddha
is called Buddha. What does the Buddha say? It\'s called a Buddha,
because it says that all truths are enlightened. Let the beings attain
enlightenment because they are omniscient because they see all Dhammas
because they are fully aware because he is joyful, because he is the end
of his taint; because he is without defilements; because he is
completely devoid of lust. He is completely free from anger. Because of
the meaning that He is free from delusion by only one part. He is one
who has no defilements in a single part. is the only one who knows the
enlightenment Excellent. name is Buddha because of ignorance Because he
gained only knowledge, the name Buddha, Mother, Father, Blessed One,
Bhikkini, Friend, Amat, blood relative, ascetic, brahmin, and deva, did
not honor this name Buddho as a vimokkhantik name (the name is in
Arhatphon in order of Arahatship) is the law of truth. (The law that
arises because of doing clearly which Arahatship and all dharmas)
together with attaining enlightenment at the constant state of
Bodhipruek of the Enlightened Blessed Ones, hence the name that Lord
Buddha. 1. What is the dependence of lust? An object that makes it
boundary, boundary, participant, divisional. by how much is the portion
of lust? Our commitment which the object has only approximated that this
of us our thing This is what we have. Our things are like this. Image,
sound, smell, taste, touch, dress, clothes, paint, slaves, goats, sheep,
chickens, pigs, elephants, cattle, horses, donkeys, land, money, houses,
estates, Rajathani, provinces, rural areas, Chang, Treasury. Reliance is
ours even all the mainland ability of passion as well as this 108 lust
and perversion is called the dependence of lust. What is the dependence
of the view? Sakkāditthi has 20 objects, ten views are ten objects,
Hika-ditthi has ten objects, going is Ditthi. Overgrown is Ditthi the
drought is ditthi The thorn is the view, the struggle is the view. The
attributes are viewpoint, holding, clinging, clinging, clinging, wrong
way, wrong way, wrong, good doctrine. guilt warp perversion,
misconception As to what is true in what is not true, sees like this,
and how many views 62, this is called dependence on view. The
Enlightened One giving up lust Giving up is relying on the view. because
he gave up his lust Relinquishing dependence by view, the Blessed One
does not dwell, does not rely, does not get involved, does not reach, is
not attracted to, does not give up, is the one who goes forth,
renounces, is liberated, irrelevant to eye, sota, ghana, chivaha, body,
mind, form, sound, smell, taste, touch. (Dharmarom) family, abbot,
fortune, yot, Sansern, Suk, robes, alms, Senasana, Kilan,
pharmacokinetics, kamma-elements, form-elements, non-formal-elements,
kama-native, non-formal, non-formal, synnaphap, newa-na-na-na-p-b-p,
newa-na-na-na-p-p, ekvokarnp-pb, quadruple-pancha Vocabulary, past,
future, present, images seen, sounds heard known mood enlightened nature
He has a mind free from the realm of defilements, hence the name Buddha.
It is about one who is stable by 5 symptoms.
[895] The word stable
means that the Blessed One is called He is stable by the five
conditions, that is, he is stable in ideology and anittha; he is stable
because of the feeling of giving up; he is stable because of the view
that he has crossed; he is stable because he has passed; he is stable.
because he expressed which that virtue 1. The Blessed One is known as
the one who is stable in the ignorance and the ignorance. How? Be stable
even in fortune Even in disgrace, even in rank, even in disgrace Even in
praise, even in gossip, even in happiness, even in suffering. One side
of the Buddha with incense one should peck the Buddha to one side with a
knife. The Blessed One is not reluctant to speak with that knife. The
Blessed One has given up on joy and sorrow, and has passed away from joy
and sorrow. He has overstepped his contentment and wrath. The Blessed
One is said to be steadfast in this state of mind and ignorance. How to
give up? All defilements, all corruption, all anxiety all the fervor all
the trouble All unwholesome deeds, the Blessed One is said to be stable
because of the meaning that he has given up. How has the Blessed One
crossed, that is, ascending, crossing, crossing over, having crossed
over, having crossed over, where Kaka-oga, Bhava-Okha, Ditthiokha,
Avijja, Okha, and all the canals of pity? behaved in a way, and have
traveled a long way. has progressed to the direction It\'s finally done
He has preserved the virginity. His Highness has attained The Path has
developed, the defilements have been abandoned, the thrusting has not
started, there is nirodha which has made it known. He knows the more
Dharma that should be known. His Highness established the Dharma that
should be known. abandoning the virtues that should be avoided His
Highness should prosper He made clear the Dharma that should be made
clear. He had removed the ignorance that was like a wedge carved out.
Having done the deeds which are like a ditch, he has removed his desire
as a serpent. There is no benefit as a door leaf. who is far from the
enemy Mana is like a fallen flag His burden has been relieved. There are
yogic defilements that are not involved, five of them have been
abandoned. Consisting of the six elements, having mindfulness and Dharma
preserving There is the Dhamma as its inherent four; there is one
specific view that has been alleviated. There is a relentless pursuit
that is noble, has no indistinct intentions. having a suspended body
have a good mind have good wisdom being full The virginity is over.
being a supreme man, a supreme man, reaching attainment The Blessed One
did not create, did not remove, eliminated, existed, did not give up,
did not cling to, left and existed, did not sew, did not lift, sewed and
lived, did not quench, did not arise, died and existed. He exists
because he is endowed with virtue, concentration, wisdom, vimuttikhan,
vimuttiyan, vision, posekha, stabbing throughout the Noble Truth.
transgressing such lust and thus persisting Extinguish the passion and
live Live because you don\'t have to go occupying the top of victory and
persisting in seclusion exists in kindness, compassion, mutita, pure
equanimity; exists in holiness. exists as being not hardened by lust,
view, and mana that is pure; exists because he is liberated. exists
because he is a loner exists in the final part of the aggregates,
elements, ayatanas, mottos, upapathy, patisondhi, sorrows, and vattas;
exists in the existence that finally exists. existed in a state that
existed in the end He retained his body in the end. as realistic as the
spell the Blessed One This world is the most There is this existence
later, there is no birth, death and pity, there is no new life. The
Blessed One is stable because of the meaning that I have crossed over
like this. How is it that the mind of the Blessed One The Blessed One is
freed, wonderful, freed, freed from lust, wrath, delusion. Anger, anger,
slander, hypocrisy, envy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness,
stubbornness, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all
defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness all the fervor all the
trouble All good deeds The Blessed One is said to be stable because of
the meaning that it is liberated in this way. How? The Blessed One is
said to be stable because he has shown that he is virtuous when morality
exists. because he said be a believer when faith exists When persistence
exists, He is steadfast because He expresses that he is mindful.
meditate when meditation exists. He is stable because He has shown that
be wise When Wisdom exists. It is said to be steadfast because He has
shown that he is enlightened. He is one who possesses six strengths when
physical strength exists. His name is constant because he has shown that
he has ten strengths when strength exists. one who is steadfast because
he expresses that dharma in this way, therefore is called the one who
does not rely on the one who is steadfast. The teacher explains that
there are three objects of deceit, namely, objects of deceit, said by
stealing, using factors 1, objects of deceit, spoken with gestures, and
objects of deceit, also mentioned. side talk 1. What is the object of
deceit said by utilizing factors? The householders of this world He
invites a monk with robes, alms, senas, and ceremonial items. That monk
has obscene desires that dominate. There is a need for robes, alms,
senas, and kilanna factors of medicine. relying on being very covetous
would say to return the robe, alms bowl, sena, and kilan, the
pharmacologist said this: What\'s the benefit to the monk with the robe
is very valuable? A pile of pulp or market stalls and doing the
sanghati, what is the benefit of the monks with alms, is of great value
The conclave accomplished his life with a lump of rice obtained with the
shin. By the conduct of seeking, what is the right thing to do? Priests
with Senasana are very valuable. The monks were at the base of the tree.
In the cemetery or in the open, what is the benefit to the monks with
the medicinal factor of great value? that a monk should make a medicine
with rotten mollusks or a piece of an anchor is appropriate. So he wore
a sorrowful robe I am a sad alms The gloomy brothel And I\'m Kilan
Factor Pharmacist who Depressed. The householders saw that monk. Knowing
this, this monk has little desire. secluded not mingled with a group of
perseverance There is a word to get rid of passion The more he invited
her with a robe, alms round, sena, kilan, faculties of medicine, said
the monk. because concurrently with three reasons, a believing child I
have experienced great merit, namely because of concurrence with faith,
because of concurrence with the Thai Dharma, because of concurrence with
the goodness of persons 1. All of you have this faith and have this Thai
Dharma. (person who greets a person) if I will not accept All of you
will be lost from merit. Atma has no need for this factor. However, I
will accept with your kindness, from then on. The monk received a lot of
robes. receive a lot of alms Received a lot of secrets, received a lot
of Kilan, a lot of medicinal factors. The crumpled face. crumpled face,
deceit, deceitful behavior Being deceitful, so to be seen, is called an
object of deceit, said by deceitful use of factors. lustful of desire
wishing to be praised, thinking that the community will praise us with
such a ploy So he sits down, sits down, sits down, sleeps, walks, sits,
sits, sleeps, acts like a bhikkhu walks in meditation. act like a
bhikkhu sits in meditation act like a monk is meditating and act like a
virtuous bhikkhu, arrogance (contemplation in the presence of human
beings). Being deceitful, so to be seen, is called an object of deceit,
spoken with gestures. Why is an object of deceit spoken by
side-speaking? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline have obscene
desires. of desire wishing to be praised, thinking that the community
will praise us with such a ploy So he spoke based on the Noble Dharma,
saying, \"Whatever monk wears a robe like this, the monk is very
honorable. Any monk who made an alms bowl like this ... in a metal
vessel like this ... a Dharmakak like this. \... filter cloth like this
...hold the key like this ...wear shoes like this ...use a prop for
tying your body like this. ...Use the altar line like this. The recluse
is very honored. have a teacher like this ...there are people who join
this preceptor. ...there are fellow teachers like this ... friendly like
this ...there are such things. ...there are people who are in a
relationship like this. ...had a friend like this ...The monk is very
dignified. Which monk is in such a temple? ...in a house with a single
roof like this ...in a castle like this ...in a house with a bald roof
like this ...in a cave like this ...in a secret place like this ...in a
canopy like this ...in the arch like this ...in the roundhouse like this
...in the shelter (marquee) like this ...in the congregation hall like
this ...in the mandop like this ...at the base of the tree like this.
...The monk is very dignified. A bhikkhu is indifferent, crumpled,
deceitful, deceitful, deceitful, and praised by others, with his stance
saying, Having obtained the sanctuary of such a treasure, such a monk
speaks such words.\
which is restored with secular dharma and nirvana, mysterious, prudent,
subtle, concealed. crumpled, crumpled, deceitful, deceitful behavior
This deceit, so to be seen, is called the object of deceit, said by
side-speaking. These three objects of deceit, abandoned, cut off,
calmed, suppressed, prevent it from happening. burned with fire is the
soul Therefore, the Blessed One, the Enlightened One therefore called
one who does not deceive, therefore is called one who does not deceive
It\'s called Kanee Phra Attha. is a teacher. The name is because of the
reason that is the teacher of the faculty It is named because of the
meaning that His Highness administers the faculty, known as Kani because
of its meaning. His Highness taught the faculty. It was called a mani
because of the meaning. He taught the faculty. It was called a mani
because of the meaning. He had the valor to enter the group. It is named
because of the meaning that The group listened well to him. listen up
enter the mind for Knowledge. It is named because of the meaning that He
also gave the group to leave the evil. To be located only in kusala.
Named as the clergyman of the Faculty of Bhikkhus The name of the
worshiper is the name of the lay disciple The name of the monarchy of
the Faculty of Sutras be a group A group of teachers came and came and
came, ready, ready for the Sangkassa City, therefore they were called
those who did not deceive. who came to be a teacher.
[898] The word
\"many\" in the word \"many\", which is due to this religion, means of
kings, brahmins, vaishas, suras, laymen, ordinaries, devas, and many
humans. having continuity of conduct, being a nurturer, a disciple,
hence the name of the multitude, because of this religion. With the
problem already, we have already wished to ask the problem. We wish to
will listen to the problem On the other hand, the coming, the specific
advancement, the approaching, the approaching, sitting near, should be
available to people who have desires with problems, questioners, those
who wish for will listen to problems, even for this reason, therefore,
this is the name that we have desires and therefore problems come. He is
able to ask questions. Correct me, this is your burden. Even for this
reason, therefore, therefore, we have a desire with a problem. because
of that Phra Sariputra, the Elder, said: I have a wish with a problem
and came to that Buddha, who is not dependent, who is steadfast, who
does not deceive. who became the teacher of the people much because of
this religion.
[900] When the monks hate Brothels consume empty seats,
encroachment, cemeteries, or seats in the caves of the ancestors. On the
attitude of monks
[901] The word when a monk in the word when a monk
hates means when a monk is a gentleman or a family, therefore it is
called when a monk. Aging, pathology, death, soka, parideva, suffering,
sorrow, upāyās, suffering in hell, suffering in the realm of life.
Suffering in the vision suffering in humans Suffering is born in the
womb Suffering is established in the womb. Suffering is birth from the
womb, is the dung, suffering follows the beast. Suffering due to others
of the beast Suffering is born of one\'s own zeal, suffering is born of
another\'s zeal. Suffering is born of suffering (Suffering is born of
body and mind) Suffering is born of body Suffering is caused by
variation Suffering from eye disease, suffering from ear disease,
suffering from nose disease. suffering from tongue disease suffering
from physical disease suffering from a head disease suffering from ear
disease suffering from oral disease Suffering from dental disease,
cough, asthma, the common cold, toxic fever, lethargy, stomach disease,
epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease, leprosy, pox, eczema, eczema,
epilepsy, scabies, scabies, warts. Lamor disease, yaws, hemorrhagic
disease, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, and
paralysis are common. Pathology with phlegm as a base Path with wind as
a premise League of Nations Anxiety is born from the changing seasons.
Anxiety is born from uneven management. Anxiety is caused by
overpowering perseverance. Suffering is born of karma, cold, heat,
hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination, suffering from the
touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and reptiles. Suffering from the
death of the mother Suffering from the death of his father Suffering
because his brother died Suffering because sisters and sisters die
Suffering from the death of a child Suffering because the daughter died
suffering because of woe of relatives Suffering because of the calamity
of wealth Suffering because of the calamity caused by disease Suffering
because of the calamity of the precepts Suffering because of the
calamity of views, therefore it is called when a monk hates it. leaf
slope machine That place is called a seat. That seat is empty, secluded,
silent from seeing uncomfortable forms, empty, secluded, silent from
hearing uncomfortable voices, etc. It\'s empty, secluded, quiet from the
five-fold. not comfortable When a monk consumes a brothel, always
consumes, inhabits only that seat, therefore it is called when a monk
eats an empty seat. In the caves of the banpots, banpoda is the
mountain, gandra is the niche, and kirikuha is the cave in the mountain.
The bottom of the mountains of the mountains is called \"between the
mountains,\" hence the name, or the seat in the caves of the ancestors.
Venerable Sariputra, the Elder, asked him if the monks hated him.
brothels consuming empty seats, nests, cemeteries, or seats in the caves
of the ancestors
[905] in the high and low beds. a monk cries because
there is emotion terrifying which caused the monks not to panic in the
mattress noiseless Concerning high and low mattresses
[906] The word
high and low, in the word high and low mattresses, high and low, i.e.
bad, refined, good and evil. Senasana is a sanctuary, a single-roofed
house, a castle, a bald house, and a cave, called \"beds\" in the word
\"beds,\" hence the name: in the high and low beds
[907] The word
weeps in the words Bhikkhus cry. because there was a terrifying emotion,
that a monk was singing, calling, calling, voicing, another thing, how
many, how many, how much, how much? how much is scheduled How many. Name
Those frightening emotions are lions, tigers, yellow tigers, bears,
leopards, wolves, cattle, buffaloes, elephants, snakes, scorpions,
centipedes, thieves, people who do evil deeds. or one who prepares to do
evil deeds, therefore the name of a monk is crying because there is a
terrifying emotion.
[908] The word terrifying emotion in the word that
causes a monk not to be moved, that a monk has seen or heard of any
fearful emotion. which causes the monks not to be shaken, not shaken Not
terrified, not flinched, not terrified, not terrified, not afraid, not
terrified, not cowardly, not terrified, not terrified, not fleeing, no
fear of terror. without furrows, therefore it is called, which causes no
bhikkhus to be shaken. without a rumbling without traffic people It is
the secret karma of mankind, worthy of escaping. Therefore, it is called
in a bed where there is no rumbling sound. in the high and low beds a
monk cries because there is emotion terrifying which caused the monks
not to tremble in the mattress with no sound.
[910] When a monk goes
to a direction that has never been A bhikkhu should suppress any dangers
in a secluded seat. How many dangers are there in the world? About two
dangers
[911] How many are there in the world how many dangers are
there? How many are there? How many are there? how much is scheduled How
much is there? The name is dangerous. These are two dangers, namely,
apparent danger, 1 concealed danger, 1. What is the danger? A lion, a
tiger, a yellow tiger, a bear, a leopard, a wolf, a cow, a buffalo, an
elephant, a snake, a scorpion, a centipede, a thief, a person who does
evil deeds. Eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body
disease, head disease, ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough,
asthma, influenza, fever, poisoning, lethargy, stomach disease, syncope,
dysentery, colic, disease. Roots Leprosy, pox, eczema, eczema, epilepsy,
scabies, scabies, warts, leprosy, yaws, hemorrhagic jaundice, jaundice,
diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids. Path with wind as a premise
Affliction League Afflict arises, but the seasons change. The ailment
was caused by the uneven management. Affliction comes from overpowering
perseverance. Suffering is born of karma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst,
defecation, pain, urination, touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and
reptiles. These dangers are known as apparent dangers. What is the
hidden danger? Corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt mentality,
eroticism, vindictiveness, Neyon Tinmitthanyorn. Uttajakukukjanuorn
Victims, lust, wrath, hatred, anger, anger, disdain, equality, envy,
stinginess, arrogance, boastfulness, hardness, good competition, pride,
contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all desires, all corruption. all the
restlessness all the fervor All suffering, Akusala, all blessings These
dangers are called concealed dangers. They are called dangers because of
their worth. Therefore it is called dangerous because of its meaning
that it possesses. Therefore it is called danger. Because of its meaning
it leads to deterioration. Therefore it is called danger because it is
the place of all unwholesome qualities. How do you possess it? It\'s
called dangerous. Those dangers dominate, suppress, oppress, overwhelm,
eliminate, trample upon that person. Possession like this is called
dangerous. How does it lead to deterioration? It\'s called dangerous.
those dangers would lead to decay for the disappearance of all wholesome
qualities. Those dangers will lead to the decline. for the perils of
which of these merits? Those dangers will be to decay for the
disappearance of these wholesome qualities, which is right practice
proper practice Practice is not an enemy The practice is based on
benefits. Dharma practice is suitable for dharma perfection in the
precepts The protection of the anal in the organic moderation in
nutrition frequent composition in being awakened, mindful, recurring in
the development of the four foundations of mindfulness, recurring In the
development of the four symposiums, the frequent In the development of
the 4th power, the regular practice in organic growth 5 In the
development of physical strength, 5 routine activities In the
development of the 7 Bojjang, the frequent activities In the development
of the Noble Eightfold Path, those dangers lead to decline. for the
hypocrisy go to these virtues because of the meaning that lead to this
deterioration Therefore, it is called dangerous. How is it the address
of all unwholesome qualities? Therefore it is called dangerous,
unwholesome. live in self like animals that dwells in the hole is in the
hole that dwells in water lies in the water The forest dweller lives in
the forest. Just as the tree dwells on the tree, those filthy
unwholesome qualities. would occur in that state So therefore dwells in
the self, because it is the dwelling place of all unwholesome qualities.
therefore it is called dangerous. look at the monks A bhikkhu who lives
with the defilements that dwell within, lives with the distracted
defilements. would be in trouble and not happy Bhikkhus, the bhikkhu who
dwells in the internal defilements coexist with distracted passions
would be in trouble and not be happy What? Look at the monks. obscene
morality There is a passion that surges in emotion. Benefit to fetters
arises for a monk in this Dhamma and Discipline. because he saw the
picture with the eye Those filthy unwholesome qualities linger in the
bhikkhu\'s interior. for this reason That bhikkhu is called one who
lives with the defilements that reside within. those obscene virtues
swarms with that monk because of this reason That monk is called coexist
with distracted passions. obscene morality There is a passion that
surges in emotion. support for the benefit would be born to a monk
Because I hear the sound with my ears ... because I sniff it with my
nose. ...because of the taste with the tongue \...because he was able to
touch the body with his body \... because he knows Dharma by heart those
obscene virtues dwelt within that bhikkhu for this reason. That monk is
called those who live with the defilements that reside within those
filthy unwholesome qualities. would swarm the monk for this reason That
monk is called who dwells with the distracted defilements, bhikkhus A
bhikkhu who lives with the defilements that reside within He who lives
with defilements that is distracted is in trouble and not happy,
therefore, because of the meaning that it is All these unwholesome
virtues therefore it is called dangerous. Monks, these three things are
unclean inwardly, unfriendly inwardly. an enemy within What is the
internal slaughter, the enemy within, what are the three things? ...an
enemy within, wrath, unclean within. ...an enemy within, defilement,
unclean within. internally friendly an enemy within an assassin within
an enemy within Monks, these three things are unclean within. internally
friendly An enemy within, an executioner within, an enemy within. Having
finished speaking the grammar of this proverb, he continued to write the
stanza. greed for the unprofitable Greed causes the mind to aggravate,
greed is a danger that arises within. A bully doesn\'t feel that danger.
A greedy person doesn\'t know its meaning. A person who is greedy does
not see righteousness. At any moment greed dominates the people, then
there is a shallow darkness. Wrath arises for something that is not
beneficial; rage causes the mind Anger is a danger that arises within. A
bully doesn\'t feel that danger. An angry person doesn\'t know the
meaning. An angry person does not see Dharma. Anger dominates the people
at any moment. There will be stubbornness at that moment. not beneficial
Moha still aggravates the mind Desperation is a threat that arises
within. A fool does not feel it. A person who is lost does not know its
meaning, and a person who is lost does not see Dhamma. There will be
darkness At that time. It is the dwelling place of all unwholesome
things, therefore it is called danger. It is as true as the Blessed One
has said: Look at the three dharmas and when they are born. up in the
inner man It arises for non-benefits, for suffering, for unsatisfactory
existence. What are the three things? greed when it arises in the
interior of a man would happen to not Benefit, benefit, for suffering,
for well-being Wrath arises in a man\'s interior, it arises for
non-benefits, for suffering, for well-being. Delusion arises within a
man, arises not for the benefit of a man, for suffering, for his
well-being. Look at\
these three things, when they arise within a man. It arises not for the
benefit, for the benefit, for the suffering, for the well-being. When he
had finished speaking this proverb, he spoke the spell. He further wrote
that greed, hatred, and delusion, arising in one\'s self, eradicate a
man with a lewd mind, like bamboo scavengers. It is the dwelling place
of all unwholesome qualities even like this. Therefore, it is called
dangerous. It is true as the Blessed One said that lust and hatred are
the cause. Born of this self, not happy with merit, but happy with your
sensual pleasures. goosebumps Sin has been in the mind since this self.
and bind the mind like the dens tying the crows to their ankles.
Therefore, because of the meaning that It is the dwelling place of all
unwholesome qualities even like this. Therefore it is called danger. The
word in the world is in the human world. Therefore, it is called how
many dangers there are in the world. Concerning the direction that has
never been (Imta Nirvana)
[912] The word when a monk goes to a
direction that has never been traveled means Immortal. Nirvana is the
peace of all things. renunciation of all possessions lust Regurgitation,
cessation, liberation from craving is a ligature. It is called a
direction that has never been traveled. name of the direction never go.
Just as a person should hold a container of oil always full, the edge of
his mouth has no leftover. should keep his mind continually Thus, when a
bhikkhu goes, goes on, takes a step towards a direction he has never
traveled, therefore it is called when a bhikkhu goes to a direction he
has never been to.
[913] Whatever danger a monk should suppress, it
means that a monk should suppress, dominate, limit, drive away, trample
on danger. therefore they are called bhikkhus to suppress danger.

[914] The word \'in the bunk seat\' means that the berth that sits is
the most, the end, the periphery, is the end of the rocky mountain. the
end of the forest Is it the end of the water or the part the end of the
river It is a place where he does not plow, does not sow, is not
arrogant of human beings, henceforth is called a secluded bed. The Elder
Sariputra then asked, When a monk goes to a direction that has never
been A monk should suppress any dangers in a secluded seat. How many
dangers are there in the world?
[915] When a monk is trained How
should you be a canal of words? How should one who travels in this
religion? How should one have morals and observances?
[916] How should
you be a canal of words? The Thera would say Asked about the purity of
speech, how should a monk be made up of a canal of words, or with a
canal of speech? what kind What are the advantages of the purity of
speech? What is the purity of speech? In this Dhamma and Discipline, a
bhikkhu refrains from lying, that is, speaks the truth, maintains the
truth, holds firm words. have reliable words Not speaking to mislead the
world, Lapisuna speech, abstaining from Pisuna speech. is heard from
this side don\'t tell over there to destroy this group or heard from
over there Don\'t tell these people to destroy the crowd as a companion
of some different people Encourage people who are in harmony with each
other. ready to be welcomed welcomed in unison person He enjoys in
unison, uttering words that make him in harmony with one another, as
follows: Lapharussava is the one who refrains from evil speech, that is,
speech is blameless, pleasing to the ear, is the place of love. descend
to the heart is the word of the townspeople that many people are
satisfied with He is abstaining from all sensibility, that is, speaking
at the proper time, speaking the truth, speaking based on the meaning,
speaking on the Dhamma, speaking on the discipline of speech, speaking
as evidence, with references, the most important, beneficial at the
right time. One who speaks in good faith, speaks without punishment, 4
abstains, abstains, is absent, secluded, emancipated, does not contain
32 truths; one whose mind is free from the boundary of defilement,
speaks ten objects of speech, namely: Appicchaktha, Santuthikatha.
Paviwekatha, assakkatha, viriyarambhakatha, silakatha, meditating,
witthikatha, liberation, wimuttinyan, dasanaktha, speaks mindfulness.
Sammapphanakatha, Indhibhakatha, Bhojjhanakatha, Bhojjongkotha,
Pathakkatha, Nibbanakatha, who practice restraint, guarding, governing,
guarding, guarding with words, this is called the purity of speech.
together with This purity of speech, therefore, is called how thou shalt
have a passage of words?
[917] How should thou traverse in this
religion? with what orbit is there, with what orbit is, how is it, what
kind, how is it, and what is its advantage? orbiting with harlots,
orbiting by widows is a woman who has some orbits Some are orbiting,
some are orbiting, some are orbiting with nuns. Some of the people who
have a liquor brewery orbit. mingled with the kings, the king\'s
majesty, the deities, the disciples of Deirdhi. with unsuitable
communion with the householder, on the other hand, some families have no
faith, are not revered, are not like wells, are often insulting, often
steppe, aiming for deterioration. focusing on things that are not
beneficial focus on discomfort aiming for the serenity from the yogic
defilements to the monks, the nuns, the upasakas, the upasikas, the
bhikkhus loathe and associate with the family. This is called orbit. A
bhikkhu enters the neighborhood, walking along the streets,
uncomfortably walking: look at elephants, look at horses, look at
carriages, look at pedestrians, look at women, look at men, look at
children, look at kumaris, look at the market stalls, look at the porch.
The house, look above, look down, look at the small and big direction.
Even so, this is called the velocity. On the other hand, a bhikkhu sees
form with his eye, holds visions, holds consonants. He does not practice
for the communion of the Chakhuntri, which, when not complacent, would
cause the obscene unwholesome Dhamma, namely covetousness and
displeasure, does not maintain the Chakhuntri. inevitably refers to
inconsistency in the Chakhuntri, etc., having enlightened the Dharma by
the heart, holding on to visions, holding on to consonants would not
practice in order to consolidate the inorganic that, when not
restrained, will cause the filthy unwholesome qualities, namely Abhijj
and sorrow dominated it. inevitably does not maintain the inorganic,
inevitably leads to inconsistency in the inorganic Even this is called
orbit. Just as you, some ascetics and brahmins, have given me food by
faith. eager to watch the antagonistic play The merits seen here include
dancing, driving, fanfare, entertainment, dancing, etc., storytelling,
applause, gong, ranat, movie, beggar song, climb, funeral, elephant
collision, horse race, buffalo crash, cattle crash, cockfight, partridge
fight, swordfighting dance. Boxing, boxing, wrestling, battles, military
inspections, arranging armies, armies, some brahmin monks eager to see
the play as an enemy to a merit like this Even this is called the path.
Even the five senses are called the path. Indeed, as the Blessed One
said: look at the monks Don\'t you go on a trip in another realm, which
is an orbit look at the monks They traveled to other lands, which were
orbits. Mara gains insights, and gains emotions. Monks, what is another
realm which is the path of a bhikkhu? What are the five sensual
qualities, and what are the five sensual qualities? Desirable, pleasing,
pleasing, affectionate, composed of sensual desires. A voice known to
the ear A smell known by the nose, a taste known by the tongue. The
touch that should be enlightened by the body Desirable, pleasing,
pleasing, lustful, lustful a place of desire look at the monks This is
what we call another realm. It is a bhikkhu\'s trajectory, even this is
called a bhikkhu. Not one who has a harlot, not a widow. not a woman who
is orbiting not a nun in orbit, not a nun in orbit not an orbital
brewery not mingling with the kings The king\'s majesty, the Deertee,
the Deertie\'s disciples. with unsuitable communion with the
householder. In addition, some families have faith like a pond thriving
with robes of kasavapat, a place to walk in and out of the seeking
bhikkhus aim for prosperity To the bhikkhus, the nuns, the upasakas, the
upasikas, the bhikkhus, they tend to snuggle and associate with their
families. This is called orbit. A bhikkhu enters a neighborhood, walking
along the road, is compelled to walk, that is, he does not look at
elephants, does not look at horses, does not look at cars, does not look
at footmen, etc., does not look at the small and large directions. Even
this is called orbit. A bhikkhu sees a form with his eye and does not
hold a vision. Does not hold consonants, etc. Even this is called orbit.
like Some monks and brahmins which he has given in faith He does not
look at the play which is an enemy to a charity, namely the dance, the
driving, the fanfare, etc. The army of monks is the one who abstains
from seeking to see the playing which is an enemy. to the merit to see
like this Even this is called orbit. Even the four foundations of
mindfulness are called orbit. as true as the monks The Blessed One said:
look at the monks Go forth in your father\'s land, which is orbiting.
When you wander in the land of your father, who is on his way, the devil
does not have a niche, nor does he feel. and Dan belongs to his father.
Herein, monks, a bhikkhu dwells contemplating the body in the body,
ardent, clearly comprehending, mindful, removing covetousness and grief
in the world. He is the one who contemplates the suffering in all
sufferings one who contemplates the mind in the mind one who
contemplates the dharmas in all dharmas, ardent, clearly comprehending,
mindful, eliminating covetousness and sorrow in the world Bhikkhus, this
is called the realm belonging to one\'s father, which is the way of the
monks. Even so, this is called the orbit. A monk should be made up in
this way. Therefore, how should a monk be ordained in this religion? and
observances
[918] How should one have morals and observances? The
Elder asked about the purity of precepts and observances that How should
a bhikkhu be endowed with precepts and rituals? what kind What is the
comparison? What is the purity of the precepts and the rituals? Some are
morals and rituals, others are rules but they are not morals. Why are
virtues and rituals? In this Dharma and Discipline, a bhikkhu is
virtuous, restrained, with composure. in the Patimokkha, accompanied by
Ajara and orbiting who sees the harm in all the punishments are few
Studying in all the precepts, restraint, caution, non-compliance in all
the precepts, these are virtues. It is called the rite. Because of the
meaning of reconciliation, it is called the virtue. Because of the
meaning of reconciliation, it is called the observance. This is called
the virtue and the observance. Why are the observances but not the
precepts? Gangkhadhu 1 Pangsukhli Kangkhadhu 1 Tejiwarikadhu 1 Yatha
Santi Kangkhadhu 1 Klupachabhatti Kangkhadhu 1 This is called an
observance. but not a precept. perseverance It is called an observance,
not a sacrament, that is to say, the Great Being supported. wish that
only skin, ligaments and bones remain, may the flesh and blood of the
body dry up. what effect a man should attain with the strength of a man
by the strength of men with the perseverance of men, with the
perseverance of men Not achieving that result and stopping striving will
not exist. It\'s called a routine. It is not a precept. When the arrow
is our lust, we can\'t pluck it, we won\'t eat, we won\'t drink, we
won\'t leave the temple, nor will we lean
[not sleep]. It\'s called a
routine. It is not a precept. supported the intention that We will not
destroy this throne until all our minds will not be freed from it. all
taints because of not clinging, so even this kind of reconciliation and
perseverance It\'s called a routine. It is not a precept. Our mind will
not be freed from all the taints because of not holding on to it, so
will not rise from this asana. Our minds will never be freed from all
taints. because I don\'t believe how much We will never step down from
the court. will not leave the temple will not leave the house single bar
roof will not leave the castle will not leave the bald house I will not
leave the shed, I will not leave the cave, I will not leave the hut.
will not leave the top will not leave the fort, will not leave the
palace, will not leave the house with a barrier will not leave the
pavilion that nourishes will not leave the palace will not leave the
foot of the tree just like that It is called a rite, not a precept. In
this morning I will bring, I will bring, I will attain, I will be right,
I will make it clear the Noble Dharma. It\'s called a routine. It is not
a precept. at noon time in this evening In this past time In the days
after this meal In this early In the latter in this summer At this early
age In this middle age In this latter age, I will bring, I will bring, I
will attain, I will be right, I will remember, I will enlighten the
Noble Dharma, even this kind of reconciliation It\'s called a routine.
It\'s not a sacrament. This is called the purity of the precepts and the
Buddhist teachings. One should be endowed with the purity of precepts
and observances, hence the name that you should be What are the precepts
and observances? Concerning self-training
[919] The word \"training\"
in the word \"when a monk is trained\" means enforcing perseverance.
perseverance have a steady endeavor not vowing, not giving up business
in the Dharma Another virtue, who sends himself, is the one sent by a
bhikkhu to his own beneficial fruit, in the Noble Path, in the nature,
in the position and in the non-existence, that he sends himself that all
sankharas are impermanent, that all sankharas are suffering. He said
that all dhammas are selfless, he sent himself, saying, because
ignorance is a factor, sankhara, etc., sent him, saying, because of
birth, aging and death, sent him, saying that because of ignorance, the
cessation of sankhara, etc. aging and death dies, sends oneself \'This
is suffering, \'This is suffering, \'This is the cessation of suffering,
is \'This is the cessation, is this is the cessation, is \' These
dharmas should be known more, etc. These dharmas should be made clear.
Sends oneself to the birth, the cessation, the blame and the deviating
schemes of the six senses, sends oneself to the birth, the cessation,
the blame and the deviating scheme of the five clinging aggregates of
the four great elements, sends oneself to what? One thing is naturally
born; all things have a natural extinction. The term bhikkhu means when
a bhikkhu is a gentleman, or when a bhikkhu is a Sekha, therefore it is
called when a bhikkhu is trained. Ributr then asked, when the monks are
trained How should you be a canal of words? How should one who wanders
in this religion? How should one have morals and observances?
[920]
What kind of precepts does a monk practice meditation? as the dharma
prevailed with wisdom to protect oneself, to be mindful, to remove
one\'s uncleanness like a goldsmith removes the stigma of gold,
therefore. That bhikkhu takes on, clinging, clinging, clinging, clinging
to what sects? Therefore, what is the name of a bhikkhu meditating? The
word samadhi is the primary dharma. having wisdom to protect oneself;
having consciousness; having one mind not distracted Having a mind that
is not affected by bad emotions, therefore, it is called Concentration,
the Ek Dharma arises. to have wisdom to protect oneself; to be wise to
protect oneself; to be wise, to be wise, to have knowledge, to have
insight, to be wise. Wisdom destroys defilements. The word mindful means
having mindfulness for four reasons, namely, when a bhikkhu develops
mindfulness, contemplating the body in the body. It is called
mindfulness when one develops mindfulness and contemplates feelings in
all feelings. It\'s called conscious When one develops mindfulness in
contemplation and sees the mind in the mind, it is mindfulness. when
cultivating mindfulness, contemplating the dharma in all dharmas It\'s
called mindfulness. This is called mindfulness. A senior monk asks about
the precepts of the precepts with the words \"What is this monk\"? The
meditative dharma prevailed. He asked about the high wisdom of the
sikkha with the word wisdom to protect oneself. He asked about the
purity of mindfulness with the word mindfulness. Therefore, he was
called \"What kind of enlightenment did the bhikkhu meditate?\" wise to
protect oneself having mindfulness on eliminating uncleanness like a
goldsmith To remove the stigma of gold, therefore, a goldsmith is called
a goldsmith. Gold is called gold. A goldsmith blows, chases, dispels the
coarse stigma of gold, blows, chases, dispels the middle stigma of gold,
blows, dispels, removes the finest stigma of gold, monk. Likewise, it
blows, chases, eradicates, alleviates, banishes, and leads to nothing.
which some of their rough desires Some of their own middle defilements,
some of their own defilements. A bhikkhu blows away, eradicates,
alleviates, banishes, leads to nothing. Their uncleanness is their lust,
hatred, delusion, mana, ditthi, defilements, and corruption, which makes
them blind. make no eye cause there is no wisdom, wisdom, which leads to
the side of suffering, not leading to nirvana. A bhikkhu blows, drives
away, eliminates, alleviates, leads to vanity. with right-mindedness,
sankappa, with right-sankappa deceitful with right speech which mitcha
kammanta with samma kammanta which with vocational which is disgusting
with right mindfulness, right mindfulness of samadhi with samadhi which
is delusional, with consciousness which is delusional On the other hand,
a bhikkhu blows away, eliminates, alleviates, banishes, leading to the
absence of all defilements. all corrupt all the restlessness All the
fervor, all the troubles, all the troubles All auspiciousness With the
Noble Eightfold Path, it is called one\'s uncleanness, like a goldsmith
removes the stigma of gold. Sariputra, the Thera, asked him, \"What is
the enlightenment of the bhikkhu? So, the one who meditated on the
supreme Dharma emerged. with wisdom to protect oneself, to be mindful,
to remove one\'s uncleanness Like a goldsmith removes the stigma of gold
therefore
[923] (The Blessed One replied thus: See Sariputra) I will
say well-being and righteousness of the loathsome bhikkhus, the
worshipers of the secluded seats and mattresses. those who wish to
enlighten you As you know, in terms of well-being
[924] The word hated
in the word \"well-being\" of a bhikkhu who hates means the one who
hates, who is uncomfortable, who is exhausted by birth, old age,
pathology, death, soka, parideva, suffering, sadness, upays, etc.,
suffering because of suffering. The scourge of view, therefore it is
called the one who hates. The word well-being means that I will say
well-being is well-being. What is well-being? Right practice proper
practice Practice is not an enemy The practice is based on benefits.
Dharma practice, worthy of dharma, perfection in all precepts. the
protector of the anal in all organic matter moderation in nutrition
frequent composition In being awakened, mindful, four foundations of
consciousness, four powers, four powers, five strengths, five Bojjhana,
the seven Noble Eightfold Path, nirvana and the path leading to nirvana.
This is called the well-being, therefore it is called the well-being
\... of a bhikkhu who hates. Explain the word Bhagava
[925] The word,
the Blessed One, answered thus: \"Sariputta, the Blessed One called the
Elder.\" It is by name. The word bhagava is a respectful word. Another
word is bhagava because it destroys lust, destroys hatred, destroys
delusion, destroys mana, destroys view. destroys thorns He destroys the
defilements. Because of the meaning that He distinguishes, He
distinguishes. distinguished which Dharmaratana. Because of the meaning
that He did the best of the world Many people. Because of the meaning
that have a trained body have the precepts that have been trained There
is a mind that has been trained, and there is wisdom that has been
trained. The Blessed One dwells on the lush and dense forests, quiet,
low in voice, without a loud noise. without people passing by The
Blessed One has the share of robes, alms, senasanas, and medicinal
materials, hence the name Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One has the
share of Abhisara, Athi. The mind, high wisdom, which has the taste, the
taste, the liberty, therefore is called the Bhagava. In addition, the
Blessed One has the share of the four contemplation, the four
apprehensions, the four impermanence, therefore the Blessed One. He has
As for Vimokkha 8, Abhidhana 8 (Jhana is the site of dominance of
emotions), Anupupbhavihara, 9 Samadhi, therefore it is called the
Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One has the part of the 10
Kasinsabhatiya, 10 Anapanasati Samadhi, Asupasabhati. Therefore, it is
called the Bhagava. Moreover, the Blessed One has the 4 foundations of
mindfulness, 4 knowledge, 4 power, 4 organic matter, 5 strength, 5
Bojjangha, 7 Noble Eightfold Path, therefore it is called the Bhagava.
As for the Tathagata Phonya, 10 Vesarachayanana, 4 Patisamphida, 6
Apinya, 6 Buddha Dhamma, therefore it is called the Bhagava. This name
is the Bhagava. name (Names are in Arahatship, in the order of the Arhat
Path) are the truths, commandments, together with the attainment of
enlightenment at the circle of the Blessed One. All who have attained
enlightenment, therefore the Blessed One replied thus: See Khon
Sariputra.
[926] The word snob who eats a seat and a secluded bed
means where he sits: a bed, a seat, a mattress, a mat, a piece of
leather, a grass ramp. leaf slope machine straw slope machine It\'s
called a seat. Senasana is a sanctuary, a house with a single roof, a
castle, a bald-roofed house, a cave called a bed. The bed and seat were
secluded, empty, quiet, secluded from the sight that was not
comfortable. From hearing uncomfortable sounds, etc., that are secluded,
empty, and quiet, from the five impermanent who is comfortable in the
brothel, who dwells in the brothel, the brothel always, the only
brothel, where the bed and the seat are quiet, hence the name of the
brothel who eats the quiet seat and the couch. ...and the proper Dharma,
which is wisdom, wisdom, wisdom, wisdom, strength, and dharma. Wisdom is
the consideration of Vipassana. Rights in the Fourth Path is called
Sambodhi. Those who wish to attain enlightenment. Desire to follow
enlightenment Desire to achieve specific enlightenment Desire for
enlightenment Desire to achieve, desire to be right desire to inform
which samphodhi is therefore called the one who desires samphodhi. which
dharma is worthy, what is dharma worthy of bodhi? Practice is not an
enemy The practice is based on benefits. Dharma practice is suitable for
dharma perfection in all the precepts protection of the anus in all
organic moderation in nutrition frequent composition In being awakened,
mindful, and enlightened, these things are called dharmas worthy of
Bodhi. On the other hand, Vipassana in the preliminary part of the
Fourth Path is called dhammas worthy of Bodhi. and which Dharma is
appropriate
[928] That word, in the word we will say \... that to you
as you know, the Dharma that is suitable for Bodhi. The word, as I know,
is that I am fully aware, fully enlightened, know only, always stabbed?
one who knows himself Not by believing in others that this dharma is as
follows, this dharma is as follows. not by reference to textbooks not by
guesswork not by conjecture not by diagnosing the symptoms not as worthy
of one\'s own doctrine; therefore, we shall say \... that to you as we
know it. The Blessed One replied, (The Blessed One replied as follows:
See, Sariputra, we will speak of the well-being and the Dhamma
accordingly. of the hated monk seated brothel and a secluded mattress
those who wish to enlighten you As I know.
[929] A wise bhikkhu,
mindful, conducts the Dharma to the utmost, is not afraid of the five
dangers: flies, stumps, and reptiles. touch only human and the dangers
of four-footed beasts. Regarding the noble monks
[930] The word wise
man, in the word wise man ... should not be afraid of the five dangers,
meaning a wise man, wise, wise, enlightened. Wisdom, enlightenment,
wisdom to destroy defilements, not to be afraid, not to be startled, not
to be terrified, not to be afraid. should not be afraid of the five
dangers, namely, being not cowardly Does not panic, does not panic, does
not flee, has given up fear of cowardice. Without fear, he is called a
virtuous person . or a bhikkhu who is a Sekha, mindful means having
mindfulness for four reasons, namely, when cultivating mindfulness,
contemplating the body in the body. It\'s called conscious when
conscious Pattana is contemplation of feelings in all feelings. It\'s
called conscious When cultivating mindfulness in contemplation, seeing
the mind in the mind is called mindfulness. When cultivating
mindfulness, contemplating the dharmas in all dharmas, it is called
mindfulness. Being mindful. Dharma is the most important part of the
word. Conducting the Dharma as the end of the cycle, there are four
things: Dharma is the end of the cycle; The cycle is organicsangvara,
the Dharma is the end; the cycle is Bhojanmattanyuta; the Dharma is the
end. The round is Chakriyanuyok. 1. The Dharma is the final part, which
is the sacrament, why is it? A bhikkhu in this Dhamma and Discipline is
virtuous, restrained in the Patimokkha Sangvar. Arrived with Ajara and
Orbit One who sees the dangers in all the punishments is few and far,
has studied in all the precepts. Considering the internal damage called
behavior In the Dharma, it is the final part, which is the innermost
morality, which does not destroy the precepts which are its borders.
This is called the Dharma, the final part is the Sangvar. The Dharma is
the final part, which is the organic consciousness. Why? does not hold a
consonant would practice in order to commune with Khuntree that, when
not consolidated should cause unwholesome qualities that are obscene
Abhijj and sorrow dominated it. would preserve Chakhunsee would mean the
composure in Chakhuntri listen by ear sniffing with nose Taste with the
tongue, right, touch with the body. Having enlightened by the mind, not
holding on to visions, not holding on to consonants, he practices for
comprehension. that, when not consolidated should cause unwholesome
qualities that are lewd, namely covetousness and sorrow overwhelmed will
preserve the inorganic would mean composure in the inorganic
Contemplating athitt and preaching and preaching is called conducting in
the Dharma as the ultimate end, that is, the eagle in the pit, does not
destroy the eagle\'s boundary. This is called the dharma as the final
part, which is the organic samvara. What is the dharma that is the
culmination of the whole cycle? Why is it that a monk in this Dharma and
Discipline considers it by prudent deception? no i\'m for infatuation
not me to decorate not me to decorate me for the establishment of this
body to make this body possible to avoid the hardships of this body, to
take pity on the holy life with respect that We will heal the old
suffering will not let new pains arise and our actions that we are not
punished Our comfort will always be as follows. Consider food like a
wagon axle oil. The cloth for covering wounds and the flesh of the
offspring (of those who travel in the wilderness) is called the boundary
of the Dharma, which is Bhojanemat, Tanyuta, and will not destroy
Bhojnemattanyuta, which is the inner boundary. This is the Dharma. The
last part of the round is Bhojanemattanyuta. The Dharma is the end of
the round. What is Chakriyanuyok? monks in this discipline will purify
the mind Purity from all the dharmas that are prevented by walking and
sitting all day. will purify the mind pure from all dharmas By walking
and sitting throughout the first night of the night, one can attain
Saiya. (Sleeping like a lion) by the right side overlapping feet be
sensible Heed the promise in the rise Throughout the middle of the night
wake up purify the mind Out of all the dharmas that spread, by walking
and sitting throughout the last night of the night, contemplating the
existence of a person who has one night prosper. It is called the
practice in the Dharma that is the final part, which is Chakriyanuyok.
In the inside, it does not destroy the Chakriyanuyok, which is the
boundary. This is called the Dharma as the final part, which is
Chakriyanuyok. Therefore, it is called a bhikkhu. ] Yellow-eyed insects
called flies called swarming animals. All flies are called swarming
beasts. They fly, swarm and eat; therefore they are called swarms.
Snakes are called reptiles; therefore, they are called flies, swarms,
animals. Creeping.
[933] The word touches only humans. and the danger
of four-footed animals, that is, thieves, those who do evil deeds, or
those who prepare to do evil deeds are called touching human beings. Ask
some questions One should raise a monk\'s word, and rather insult,
curse, insult, oppress, oppress, oppress, kill, go in and kill, or make
an attempt to kill any one of them that affects even a human being
called touching a human being. Yellow tigers, bears, leopards, wolves,
cows, buffaloes, elephants. Those four-footed animals should trample,
eat, oppress, bully, oppress, oppress, kill, go in and kill, attempting
to kill a monk. The impact of one of the four-footed beings is called
the danger of the four-footed beings, therefore it is called the danger
of touching the four-footed beings and the danger of the four-footed
beings. Therefore, the Blessed One said: A bhikkhu who is a nobleman,
mindful, conducts the Dharma at its best. Do not be afraid of the five
dangers, namely flies, swarms, creeping creatures, touches only humans,
and the four-footed dangers of beings. even seeing the mood causing a
lot of cowardice of people who are set in other virtues should not be
terrified. Other dangers should be trampled on. Concerning the Saha
Dhamma
[935] the word bhikkhu should not be afraid even to those who
are both in other Dhammas. Even seeing the mood be very cowardly of
those who are established in other dharmas It should not be feared that,
except for the seven types of saints (namely, bhikkhus, nuns,
Sinkhamanas, novices, novices, upasakas, upasikas), any of those who do
not believe in the Lord Buddha not believe in the Dharma Disobeying the
Sangha is called a person who is based in other dharmas. They ask some
questions. One should raise some monks\' words; they should curse,
rather curse, insult, oppress, oppress, oppress, kill, go in and kill,
make an attempt to kill. Can the monks see it? had already heard the
emotion that caused the cowardice of many of those people. Do not
tremble and tremble Not to be startled, struggling, and terrified, not
to be afraid, not to be terrified, that is, one who is not cowardly. It
does not panic, does not panic, does not flee, is the one who gives up
fear. Cowardice is gone, there is no fear, hence the name that a monk
should not be terrified, even to those who stand in other dhammas. Even
seeing the emotions that caused the cowardice of those who were set up
in other dharmas should not be terrified. to invade other dangers,
meaning that, besides, even other dangers It exists, which the monks,
who pursue merit, trample, dominate, enslave, eliminate, drive away. It
is called danger. These are two dangers, namely, the apparent danger,
the concealed danger, and the others, because they are the dwelling
place of all unwholesome qualities. Named danger. The word bhikkhus, who
pursues merit, means all the dangers that one seeks, seeks, seeks, right
conduct, proper practice. Practice is not an enemy The practice is in
accordance with the benefits, etc. The Noble Eightfold Path, Nirvana,
and the path leading to nirvana, should be trampled upon, dominated,
enslaved, eliminated, and driven away. be insulted by other dangers.
Because of that The Blessed One said, A bhikkhu should not be terrified,
even to those who are set in other dharmas. Even seeing the mood There
was a lot of cowardice of those who were set up in other dharmas. should
not be terrified. Other dangers should be trampled upon.
[937] A monk
has been touched by disease and hunger. Be patient with the cold and the
heat; such a monk, who has been affected by many symptoms, is not open
to opportunities. make an effort
[938] A bhikkhu is affected by the
touch, that is, the disease, and the hunger, that is, the impact is the
disease, called the contact is the disease. Eye disease, ear disease,
nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, etc. The touch of flies,
mosquitoes, wind, sun, and creeping creatures hits them. It is called
hunger. A bhikkhu is affected by hunger, is right, has set down, has
possessed, therefore he is called a bhikkhu. He is touched by disease
and hunger. Cold is for two reasons.
[939] The word cold in the word
Endurance of cold and heat, saying that cold exists for two reasons:
cold is due to the ability of the inner apo-elements; 1, cold is due to
the ability of the outer season; 1. \"Heat\" means that there is also
heat. There are two causes, namely, heat arises with the ability of the
internal tesho elements, 1 heat is due to the external seasons 1. The
word tolerant of cold and heat means that a bhikkhu endures cold, heat,
hunger, and thirst. Thirst for the touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun
and raging beasts. One should be able to withstand the way he speaks
evil, evil and suffering which arises in a body that is hard, hot,
uncomfortable, disliked, able to lead one\'s life, therefore it is
called to endure cold and heat.
[940] That bhikkhu who touches them, in
that bhikkhu that those touches then by symptoms He is not open to
opportunities, that bhikkhu is touched by disease, hunger, cold, and
heat, and he is right, set down and dominated, hence the name of that
bhikkhu whose contact has touched. The word by many symptoms means to
hit, to be right, to set, to dominate, to be possessed by a multitude of
manifestations, hence the name bhikkhus. Being a person who doesn\'t
give a chance, means that he won\'t take a chance. to the United Spirit
with Abhisankhara Even because of this reason, it is called not open to
opportunities. A bhikkhu does not give an opportunity to a corrupt body,
a corrupt speech, a corrupt mind, therefore it is called no opportunity;
therefore, a bhikkhu is called that bhikkhu, whose touch has been
affected by so many symptoms. one who does not open up to opportunities.
On perseverance
[941] The word one should strive is perseverance,
which means aspiration, perseverance, progress, perseverance, progress,
effort, perseverance, persistence, non-regression, exertion. Persistence
and persistence are unrelenting. nonconformist indifference
Sustainability, vigor, viriyindria, viriya-bala, samāvayama, which is
the way of the mind, is called perseverance, which is perseverance.
having a firm mindset, therefore it is called perseverance that is
perseverance.\
Be confident. Because of that The Blessed One said, A monk has been
touched by disease and hunger. Be patient with cold and heat; that monk,
who has been affected by many symptoms, is not open to opportunities.
Make perseverance is perseverance. hold on.
[942] A monk should not be
a thief. do not lie Spread mercy on animals startled and steadfast, when
a bhikkhu perceives his displeasure, then he should relieve him This is
the side of the devil who has black deeds.
[943] The word monks should
not act as a thief, in the word a monk should not act as a thief. Do not
lie, saying that in this Dharma and Discipline a bhikkhu refrains from
adinnadana. holding only what he gave I can only hope for what he gives.
One should be one whose mind is not a thief, a pure mind. Therefore, a
monk should not act as a thief. Do not lie, saying that a monk in this
Dharma and Discipline has neglected Abstaining from lies: speaking the
truth, keeping the words of beings, having the words that are firm and
reliable. He does not speak to mislead the world. Therefore, a monk
should not act as a thief. Do not lie. Spreading kindness
[944] It is
called mercy. In the word, one should spread kindness to both startled
and stable beings, namely: kindness, loving behavior, loving-kindness,
loving-kindness. loving-kindness, utilitarianism courtesy vindictiveness
No malice, no anger, wholesome dharma. Which animal has not been able to
ignore the lust that can startle? and yet unable to let go of fear and
cowardice, those animals are called startled. Why? those animals
therefore called a startle Those beasts are terrified and terrified,
fearful of terror. because of that They are therefore called Those who
startled. Any animal that has renounced its startling craving. and let
go of fear and cowardice Those animals are called stable. Why? Those
beings are called steadfast. They do not startle, do not panic, do not
panic. not up to horror because of that those animals Therefore, it is
called a stable person. One should extend mercy to both startled and
steadfast beings, saying that one should be right, one should spread
kindness, that is, one should be a sorcerer with abundant mercy. To
greatness, without measure, without enmity, not trying, spreads to both
the startled and the stable, therefore it is called that one should
spread compassion to both the startled and the stable. The word mind has
various names. That when a bhikkhu should know frustration, that at any
time, the word mind is mind, mind, manas, hatai, bandara, mana,
manaitana, manindara, spirit, spirit aggregates, mind-soul elements born
of contact and so on. The nature is dull, gloomy, busy, turbulent,
swaying, restless, corrupted body, corrupt speech, corrupt conscience,
sensuality, wrath, delusion, anger, anger, arrogance, arrogance,
stigmatization, jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness,
stubbornness, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness. All negligence, all
defilements, all corruption all the restlessness all the fervor All
suffering, all suffering, all suffering. The words when a monk should
know what turmoil should be known, that a monk should know, know all,
know superlative, know extraordinary. stabbing all the turbulence of the
mind. Therefore, it is called that when a bhikkhu should know
Disappointment. Relieve frustration with prayer
[946] The giver of the
dead, the black person, the adult, the giver of the animal to death. He
who does not let animals escape, the race of the careless. is called the
one who has black karma. In the word, then, one should be relieved,
saying, This is the side of the devil who has black karma. This is the
side of the devil who has black karma. The word should be abandoned,
alleviated, and put an end to the end, leading to nothingness. Saying
that this is the side of the black karma. It is the devil\'s side, the
devil\'s snare, the devil\'s hook, the devil\'s prey, the devil\'s
nature, the devil\'s torment, the devil\'s bread, the devil\'s binder.
This is the side of the devil who possesses black karma. On the other
hand, one should abandon, alleviate, put an end to it, let it be
nonexistent, with the blessing that This is the side of those who have
black karma, the side of the devil. be a part of the charity a machine
of suffering It is a state of suffering and suffering. cause to go to
hell causing it to be in the birth of the beast causing it to be in the
vision Even for this reason, thus it is called, then it should be
relieved with a mansikawa. This is the side of the devil who There is a
black karma. Because of that The Blessed One said, A monk should not act
like a thief. do not lie Spread mercy on animals startled and steadfast,
when a bhikkhu perceives his displeasure, then he should relieve him
This is the side of the devil who has black karma. root out anger and
blasphemy persists. Moreover, when subjugating, a monk should subdue the
beloved and the Anger and contempt
[948] is called anger, in the word
bhikkhus should not wield power, anger and contempt is malice, malice,
etc., being fierce. evil speech The unappreciation of the mind. It is
called blasphemy, that is, some people in this world He despise others
by birth, by clan, etc., by other objects. The word bhikkhu should not
attain wrath and disdain; that is, one should abandon, alleviate, and
put an end to the absence of wrath and disdain. Therefore, a monk should
not be subjected to wrath and disdain. The Root of Anger and Contempt

[949] The Root of Anger In the word, the root of anger and contempt is
preserved. How are you? Ayonisomanasika, asmimana, ahirika, anottappa,
uddhacca (each) is the root of anger. What is the root of blasphemy?
(Each) is the root of blasphemy. root out anger and that blasphemy
exists, that one should dig up, tear down, pull down, pull off,
alleviate, and put an end to nothing. which the root of anger and
blasphemy exists, therefore it is called that the root of anger and
blasphemy should exist. and which is hated, indeed, is a chapter, a
chapter, an obstacle. as a death sentence It\'s a character vocabulary,
a vocabulary word elaborated with a consonant. in order of chapters.
Named \"Love\": \"Love\", \"2 things\": beings, 1 body, and 1. What is
the animal that is loved? The animal in this world desires prosperity.
Desire for benefits, benefits, desire for well-being Desire for serenity
from yoga defilements for that person, namely mother, father, brother
and sister. Sisters and sisters, sons, daughters, mits, Amat, blood
relatives (descendants) of these animals. What is the name of \'Love\'?
What is the name of \'Love\'? These sankharas are called beloved. Names
that are hated are two things that are hated, namely beings, sankharas
and sankharas. Why are animals hated in this world? longing for things
that are not beneficial longing for unhappiness Desire for freedom from
yogic defilements wishing to take the life of that person. These animals
are called What is disliked? Form, sound, smell, taste, touch, which are
not pleasing. These bodies are called is hated. It was said without a
doubt. It\'s a statement without any doubt. It\'s not a two-part
statement. It\'s not two words. It is a word that is not combined, it is
a word that is not wrong. truly loved and hated, that a monk should
subdue when trampling, trampling the beloved and that hated Joy and
sorrow, joy and sorrow, joy and sorrow, sorrow and sorrow, therefore it
is also called that a bhikkhu should subdue the beloved and the hated.
Because of that The Blessed One said, A monk should not wield the power
of anger and disdain. dig up the roots\
Anger and contempt persist. Moreover, a monk should subdue the beloved
and that which is truly hated.
[951] A monk puts wisdom in front of
him, is joyful, should subdue those dangers, subdue his displeasure in a
secluded bed. One should subdue the four dharmas that are the premise of
rapture. It is about putting wisdom in the foreground and having great
joy.
[952] Named \"Wisdom\", in the word a monk puts wisdom in front
of a bhikkhu, there is joy: knowledge, omnipotence, clear knowledge,
choice. selection all over Choice of Dharma, etc., Amoha, Dhammavichaya,
Sammaditthi. The word put wisdom in front of him, that some monks in
this Dharma and Discipline put wisdom in front of behavior a wise person
as a triumphant flag Wisdom is the top of the flag wise very selective
There is a wide selection. very intelligent have a great quest live as a
manifester Conduct with wisdom, very wise, realize with wisdom, lean in
wisdom, transfer in wisdom, lean in wisdom. bow to wisdom wisdom is
great Even for this reason, therefore, it is called putting wisdom
ahead. When he walks he knows that he walks, when he stands he knows
that he is standing, when he sits he knows that he is sitting, or when
lying down he knows that he is lying or that his body is standing. Even
for this reason, therefore, it is called putting wisdom ahead. In other
words, a bhikkhu is aware of moving forward, in retreating, being aware
of turning, turning, and knowing when to enter. in stretching out
Consciousness in holding, sanghati, alms and robes; consciousness of
eating, drinking, chewing, tasting; consciousness of defecating and
urinating. Being aware of walking, standing, sitting, sleeping, waking
up, speaking, and being still, even for this reason, it\'s called making
wisdom in front of me. Nussati The name is Piti Ngam, Piti Pramote,
which arises from being able to Dhammanussati ... Sanghanussati ...
Silanussati ... Jakanussati ... Devatanussati ... Anapanussati ...
Death. Sati ... kayagata mindfulness ... upasmanussati is called rapture
and beautiful, therefore it is called bhikkhu who puts wisdom in front
of him. There is joy. Concerning two dangers
[953] The name danger, in
the word that one should suppress those dangers, is two dangers, namely:
apparent dangers, 1 hidden dangers, 1 etc. These dangers are called
apparent dangers, etc. These dangers are called hidden dangers, etc.
because It is the dwelling place of all unwholesome qualities, therefore
it is called danger. To suppress those dangers, to suppress, to
suppress, to dominate, to eliminate, to trample on those dangers,
therefore, to suppress them.
[954] The name of displeasure, in words,
to subdue displeasure in a quiet bed, is displeasure. dissatisfaction,
displeasure Only displeasure, boredom, boredom. in a secluded bed, to
subdue, suppress, dominate, eliminate and trample the displeasure in
quiet sanasana or in all dharmas which is other merits. Therefore, it is
called to subdue the displeasure in a secluded bed.
[955] The word
should subdue the four dharmas that are the source of rambling means to
subdue, suppress, dominate, eradicate, trample upon the 4 dharmas that
cause rambling. Therefore, it is called that one should subdue the four
dharmas that are the cause of enthusiasm. Then the Blessed One said: A
bhikkhu, having put wisdom in front of him, having great joy, should
subdue those dangers, and subdue his displeasure in a secluded bed. One
should subdue the dharma which is the basis of the four ramblings.

[956] What shall we say? Where shall we lay me? Today we have a hard
time sleeping, where shall we sleep tomorrow? should heal these worries
that are set of concerns should be a person who does not have to worry
about traveling concerning the anxiety that caused the rage
[957] What
do we know in the word What do we know me? Where do we know me? What do
we know: cooked rice, fresh snacks, dried snacks, fish, or meat?
Therefore, it is called what we call me. Where do we call me? Where do
we call me, in the clan of kings, in the clan of Brahmins, in the clan
of Phaets, or in the clan of Sutra, therefore, what shall we call me?
Where shall we know me? Where shall we sleep tomorrow? That means,
tonight we shall lie on a plank, on a mat, on a piece of leather, on a
grass slope, on a leaf slop, or on a straw rake. Mattresses, pillows,
temples, single-roofed houses, castles, bald-roofed houses, or caves,
hence the name I had a hard time sleeping today. Where shall we sleep
tomorrow?
[959] These words, which are the places of veneration, which
are the two kinds of almsgiving, the two kinds of almsgiving, which are
the places of veneration. is the base of suffering It is the foundation
of lust, therefore it is called that these worries are the origins of
lust. Explain the word sekha and the word study
[960] named sekha in
the word bhikkhu who has healed. should be one who has no worries and
wanders. That is why it is called sekha. Because of study, it is called
sekha. Study what? Study upholding the precepts. Do some spiritual
studies Studying for higher wisdom. What is the reason for advancing the
precepts? Etc. This is called advancing wisdom. Know is called study.
See is called study. Consider is called study. Set the mind is called
study. Indulging in faith is learning, sustaining, and persistence is
studying. Going into the mind is called study. Set your mind, it\'s
called study. Knowing clearly with wisdom is called study. Knowing the
more Dhamma that should be known is called studying. Determining the
dharma that should be known is called study, and the dharma that should
be abandoned is called study. to inform the dharma that should be made
known is called \"education\" The development of the Dharma that should
be developed is called education, that is, one acts graciously. would
behave well For that reason, a bhikkhu who cultivates, even upholds the
precepts, even in the superstition, even with wisdom, for healing,
eliminating, refraining, refraining, giving up, and quelling. A bhikkhu
who thinks of these three precepts should study, when he knows it, he
should study it, etc. to enlighten the dharmas that should be made
known, should be studied, that is, behave graciously good behavior
Therefore, it is called a bhikkhu who should be healed by worry-free
travel. How did it go? Some of the monks in this Dharma and Discipline
were the ones who were worried about the family. with concern for the
faculty with concern for the pastor with concern with concern for alms
with concern with concern for the pharmacological factor A bhikkhu is
anxious to travel in this way. not composed surname concern Not a person
who was worried about the abbot, robes, alms, Senasana, and Kilan
factors in pharmaceuticals. A bhikkhu is a person who does not worry
about traveling like this. There are some monks who go to the Magadha
State, to the Kosala State. He traveled to different groups, but
Vajchipoom was not worried. travel to benefit of success Good travel
brings success Being free from worries brings benefits every time.
Asking about the karmic benefit of the diligent is the equality of
carefree. Therefore, he is called a bhikkhu who should heal should be
one who is not worried about traveling. Therefore, the Blessed One said:
What do we know me? Where do we know me? Today we have a hard time
sleeping. Where shall we sleep tomorrow? A wise monk heals these
worries, which is the place of sorrow. should be one who is not worried
about traveling.
[962] That monk in this Dharma obtaining food and
clothing in time, should know moderation for solitude A bhikkhu is
restrained in these matters, is restrained, wanders in the house, even
if he is scolded, one should not speak harshly. Regarding obtaining food
and clothing by virtue
[963], the name food, in the word food and
clothing, is: Cooked rice, fresh snacks, dried snacks, fish, meat.
Clothing consists of 6 types of robes: bark cloth, cotton, silk, wool,
flax, and silk-laced yarn. get food and clothing in time, meaning that a
monk has a robe and alms not by deception Not by speaking side by side,
not by hinting. not by eliminating you Not by seeking wealth, not by
giving firewood. not by giving bamboo not by giving leaves Not by giving
flowers, not by giving fruits. not by giving a shower not by giving not
by giving clay not by giving a toothpick Not by gargling his mouth, not
by words aimed at making him love himself. not with sloppy words like a
bean curd not with his flattering manner not by being seated (by
befriending him), not with space science, not with animal science, not
with English. (Knowing the good and bad characteristics of a woman and a
man) not by a clergyman (knowing the time of day), not by walking as an
ambassador. not by being a servant Not by being a messenger, not by
medicine. not by innovation not by giving a lump of rice and a lump of
rice in return, not by giving and adding can only be obtained
Consistently, that is why it is called acquiring food and clothing in
time. Two kinds of knowledge
[964] The word monk should know
moderation. In the word monk in this Dhamma and Discipline There are two
reasons: to know approximation by receiving; to know approximation by
consumption. 1. How does a bhikkhu know how to measure by receiving? The
monks accepted affection for the family for the preservation of the
surname to support the family When guessing and offering even a lot of
things, a monk receives a robe enough to exercise the body. receive alms
enough to manage the stomach How does a bhikkhu know how to measure by
taking? How does a bhikkhu know how to measure by consumption? He then
uses a robe to curb the cold. for heat treatment To treat the touch of
flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun and crawling animals. to cover up the
organs that aggravate shame It is determined only. The bhikkhu,
contemplating a wise deceit, then gave alms. not me to play No, I\'m to
get drunk, I\'m not to decorate, I\'m not to decorate. me for this body
for this body to be to exclude troubles of this body to pay tribute to
the virtuous with respect that We will heal the old feelings and not let
new ones arise. Convenience, harmlessness, and well-being will be upon
us, this is the only thing that is\
determined. to treat cold for heat treatment To treat the touch of
flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun and crawling animals. To alleviate seasonal
dangers. for the pleasure of escapism It is only determined. considered
by narrow tactics and then using the medicinal factor kilan to heal the
suffering that arises because of recurrent elements which has already
happened for no difficulty It is only stipulated that a bhikkhu knows
about it by consuming it like this. A bhikkhu should know about
moderation, that is, knowledgeable, enlightened, enlightened,
enlightened, thrust throughout approximation, for these two reasons
hence the name a bhikkhu should know approximation. This is a person who
is reclusive with a robe. and speak the virtues of solitude with a robe
as can be followed neither reaching the pursuit inappropriately wrong
because of the robe Not a robe, not startled. and having obtained a
robe, he is not displeased, is not lost, is not involved, sees blame, is
wise as a salve from suffering, eats, does not exalt himself, does not
suppress others, in solitude, with robes that can be followed. Any monk
who is diligent not lazy having consciousness and consciousness in that
solitude robe This monk is called He is the inhabitant of the Ariya
family known as the Family of Excellence. which has since ancient times.
The monks are associating with alms as they are available. and said you
of solitude with alms to follow neither does not seek unreasonable
wrongdoing by the cause of alms; neither does he not flinch And having
received alms, he is not displeased, does not get lost, does not get
involved, sees blame, has wisdom as a tool to rid himself of suffering,
eats, does not exalt himself, does not suppress others. with solitude
with the following alms Any monk who is diligent not lazy having
consciousness, having consciousness in that alms alms This monk is
called He is the one who lives in the family of Phra Ariyas known as the
great family which has been around since ancient times. A bhikkhu is
secluded with the following serenades, and speaks the virtues of
solitude with solitude. and not to seek unreasonable wrongdoing due to
the cause of Senasana Not Sanasana, not startled. and having gained
confidence, he is not displeased, is not delusional, does not get
involved, sees blame, has wisdom as a relief from suffering, eats, does
not exalt himself, does not suppress others. with solitude, with
senasana, accordingly Any monk who is diligent not lazy having
consciousness, being mindful, in the seclusion, this bhikkhu is called
He is the one who lives in the family of noble monks, known as the
supreme family, which has been around since ancient times. A monk who is
secluded by the kilan, the pharmacological factor is available, and can
speak the virtue of solitude with the kilān kilān. neither is the
pursuit of wrongdoing Appropriate because of Kilan\'s medicinal factors
He does not ignite, he does not flinch, he does not flinch, he eats,
does not exalt himself, does not suppress others. With solitude with
Kilan, the following pharmaceutical factors can be followed. Any monk
who is diligent not lazy having consciousness, having consciousness,
This monk is called who lives in the family of the noble ones Known to
be a supreme family since ancient times, hence the name of a monk in
this Dharma and Discipline. \... should know moderation for solitude. On
resting
[966] The word monk is restrained in those things. In the word
a monk is restrained in those things, he is restrained in the house,
which means restraining, protecting, guarding, careful in robes,
offering alms, senasana. Kilan Factor Pharmacokinetics Even for this
reason, thus it is called that a bhikkhu is comprehensible. those. For
this reason a bhikkhu is restrained, guarded, guarded, cautious in all
senses. One who roams the house, means one who is restrained, cautious,
careful, guarding, possessing, guarding, sedentary, wandering in the
house; therefore, a bhikkhu is restrained in those matters. is a person
who travels in the house. Regarding not insulting insulting someone who
is insulting
[967] The word, even if he is insulted, should not be
spoken harshly. It means that he has been insulted, cursed, insulted,
sarcastic, criticized. Do not respond to those who say Do not insult the
person who insults. Do not curse in reply to him who cursed, do not seek
to answer to him who seeks. with harsh words, should not fight should
not be confident should not be arguing should not quarrel One should not
argue, let go, alleviate, cause an end to nothing. Where quarrels,
strife, strife, strife, quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, and
quarrels, quarrels and quarrels, quarrels and quarrels, quarrels and
quarrels, should be avoided be a psychic There is no realm of
defilement, therefore it is called that even if one is insulted, one
should not speak harshly. Therefore, the Blessed One said: That monk in
this Dharma and Discipline obtaining food and clothing in time, should
know moderation for solitude A bhikkhu is restrained in these things, he
is restrained, wandering around the house. Even if he is insulted, he
should not speak harshly. Don\'t be lazy because of your feet. should be
zealous in meditation, be very awake One should be an equanimity, with a
firm mind, and go in to cut off the dharma that dwells in meditation.
and annoyance. Regarding the restraint of the eye
[969], be sure to
explain in the word should be a master of the eye One should not be
dejected because of his feet, as follows: How does a monk cast his eye?
being lazy because of the eye Consisting of being indecisive because the
eye thinks that we should see forms that we have not yet seen. should
pass through the form that has been seen and thus become a regular
practitioner which has been traveling for a long time which the journey
is uncertain to see pictures from this monastery to that monastery From
this garden to that garden From this house to that house From this
settlement to that settlement from this city to that city from this
region to that region From this country to that country, a monk casts
his eye in such a way. one more thing The bhikkhu entered the
neighborhood, walked along the road, refusing to walk. Look at the
Elephant Brigade, Look at the Horse Brigade, Look at the Chariot
Brigade, Look at the Walking Brigade, Look at the Women, Look at the
Men, Look at the Babies, Look at the Kumaris, Look at the Market Shops,
Look at the facades of the porch, Look up, Look at the sides. Below,
look at the small direction, the big direction A bhikkhu casts his eye
in such a way. A bhikkhu sees a form with his eye, holds visions, holds
consonants. would not practice In order to comprehend the Chakhuntri,
which, when not restrained, would cause the unwholesome dharma that is
obscene, such as covetousness and sorrow, does not preserve Chakhuntri.
not reaching the composure in Chakhunsee A bhikkhu casts his eye in such
a way. I have given him food in faith. eager to watch the game Which is
an enemy to a merit like this is dancing, driving, fanfare,
entertainment, dancing, etc., playing fairy tales, applause songs,
gongs, xylophones, movies, beggars, climbs, funerals, elephant races,
horse races, buffalo crashes, cattle collisions, cockfights Krada, sword
dance, boxing, wrestling, battles, military inspections, troop
arrangements, armies, even this way, monks cast their eyes away. Not
being greedy because of the eye, not being greedy because of the eye,
don\'t think that we should see forms that have not yet been seen. Just
go through the picture have seen as follows: Being a person who does not
engage often which has been traveling for a long time which the journey
is uncertain to see pictures from this monastery to that monastery
...from this countryside to the countryside A monk is not an eye
provider. Go even like this. A bhikkhu enters the neighborhood, walking
along the path, is concentrating and walking. Do not walk and look at
the elephant brigade, etc., do not look at the small and big directions
A bhikkhu is one who does not give up his eyes like this. When a bhikkhu
sees a form with the eye, does not hold visions, does not hold
consonants, etc., he is restrained in the Chakhuntree. A bhikkhu does
not cast his eye in such a way. Just as a certain ascetic and brahmin I
ate what he had given in faith, etc. The army of monks refrained from
Look at the play as an enemy to a merit like this. A bhikkhu does not
cast his eye in such a way, hence the name that a bhikkhu should be the
one who comprehends the eye. One should not be vain because of the feet,
as follows: How is a bhikkhu loathed by his feet? who is lazy because of
his feet consist of a person who is reluctant because of his feet, that
is, he is a regular practitioner which has been traveling for a long
time whose journey is uncertain, from this monastery to that monastery,
etc. A monk is reluctant because of his feet. A monk is reluctant
because of his feet. consisted of being ignorant because of the feet In
the interior of the Sangharam, not walking for reasons of benefit. Not
walking for reasons of doing. He is distracted, his mind is not\
at peace, from this area to that area, etc., talking about progress and
decline in such a way. A bhikkhu is reluctant because of his feet even
this way. not being greedy by the feet, that a monk should abandon,
alleviate, put an end to nothing which is the vagabond by the feet, that
is, one should abstain, abstain, abstain, leave, renounce, lapse,
irrelevant. which is greedy because of the feet One who has a mind free
from the realm of defilements, one who enjoys seclusion welcomed in
seclusion Pursuing inner peace, not estranged from meditation. contains
introspection Increases living in an empty house, one who enjoys
meditation, delights in meditation, strives for one\'s mind and
emotions. He is heavy on his own benefit, therefore it is called a monk
who comprehends the eye. One should not be lazy at the foot. Regarding
one who seeks in jhāna
[971] the word one who seeks in jhāna, in
mhānā, one who dwells in jhāna, waking up in jhāna, means one who seeks
in jhāna for two reasons. is to be an operator, to assemble, to assemble
by generosity come with good for the emergence of the first jhana that
has not yet arisen for the emergence of the second jhana that has not
yet arisen for the emergence of the tertiary jhana that has not yet
arisen or for the arising of the tertiary jhana that has not yet arisen
Even for this reason, therefore, he is called a seeker. On the other
hand, the monk dwells, develops, produces much of the first jhana that
has arisen, the second jhana that has arisen, the terti jhana that has
arisen. or the Fourth Jhana that has already occurred Even for this
reason, therefore, he is called a person who strives in meditation. He
is very awake, saying that in this Dharma and Discipline a bhikkhu
purifies his mind from the Dharma as a barrier. by walking and sitting
all day purify the mind from Dharma as a barrier by walking and sitting
Throughout the beginning of the night would succeed in saiya (sleeping
like a lion) by the right side overlapping feet Be conscious, pay
attention to the promise of getting up. Throughout the middle of the
night wake up Purify the mind from the Dharma as a barrier by walking
and sitting Throughout the last night of the night, hence the name
should be one who seeks meditation. who is very awake. Concerning
equanimity
[972] neglect, neglectful action a very indifferent manner
The calmness of the mind, the calmness of the mind, the neutrality of
the mind in the four jhanas are called equanimity. having a firm mind,
steadfastness, stillness, steadfastness mental distraction The mind does
not waver, peace, concentration, strength concentration, right
concentration is called being one who has a concentrated mind. should be
equanimous, with a firm mind, that is, elevate equanimity in the Fourth
Jhana. A person with one mind and emotion having a mind that is not
distracted, having a mind that cannot be swayed by anything, therefore
is called equanimity, having a concentrated mind. About 9 kinds of
thought
[973] is called thought, in the word one should go in and cut
off the thought. The Dharma is the dwelling place of thought and
annoyance, namely, thought of sensual pleasures, thought of vengeance,
thought of persecution. remembrance of relatives Contemplation of the
countryside, contemplation of gods, contemplation of compassion for
others. the indifference of wealth Worship and Praise Reconciliation
with no disrespect These are called the nine realizations. Vengeance is
the dwelling place of vindictiveness, Vihingsa savvy is the dwelling
place of Vihingsa Vita, on the other hand, Avijja Ayoniso manasikarn,
Asmimana, Anottappa, Uddhacca is the dwelling place of all thoughts,
that is, thoughts. The name nuisance is nuisance. some foot nuisance
Some nuisance of hands and feet. The importance of things that should
not be said. The importance of what should not be The importance of the
blameless thing, the importance of the blameless thing, nuisance,
irritating behavior annoyance mental distress This kind of worry is
called nuisance. On the other hand, nuisance, mental distress, and worry
arise for two reasons: action and non-action. Mental troubles and
worries arise because of actions and because of not doing. What to do?
Trouble, mind, and anxiety arise that we do our body dishonestly, we do
not act honestly. we do corrupt words We do not speak honestly. We do
dishonesty, we don\'t dishonest ideas, we do misconduct. We do not
deliberately abstain from alms, we do alms, we do not intentionally
abstain from alms. We make sex We didn\'t do it on purpose Abstinence
from false speech We do not lie, We do not intentionally abstain from
lies, We do not lie, We do not intentionally abstain from verbal abuse.
we do verbal We didn\'t do it on purpose Refrain from verbal abuse we
made fish touch We do not deliberately refrain from touching fish, we do
enlightenment, we do not act vindictiveness, we do vindictiveness, we do
not act malice. We do hypocrisy We do not do right, nuisance, mental
distress, and worry arise because of our actions. And because of not
doing this. On the other hand, nuisance, mental distress, and anxiety
arise that we are not perfect in the precepts. We are not guardians of
the anal in all organic matter. We are incompetent in food. I am the one
who is not diligently engaged in perseverance. We do not develop the
four foundations of mindfulness, 4 we do not develop enlightenment, 4 we
do not develop power, 4 we do not develop organic matter 5, we do not
develop physical strength, 5 we do not develop enlightenment, 7 we do
not develop the Noble Path. 8 We do not define suffering. We did not
abandon Samutai. We do not progress We do not make it known to Nirodha.
go in and cut The Dharma is the dwelling place of thought and annoyance,
that a monk should go in and cut off, cut off, relieve, and put an end
to the cessation of thought, and the Dharma dwells in thought and
annoyance, therefore one should go in and cut off the thought. Dharma is
the dwelling place of meditation. and annoyance. Therefore, the Blessed
One said, Bhikkhus should be the cultivator of the eye. Don\'t be lazy
because of your feet. should be zealous in meditation, be very awake
should be an equanimity Confident and had to go in and cut the thought
Dharma is the dwelling place of thought and annoyance.
[974] A monk is
admonished with words. be a person of conscience destroy the person hard
in all the virgins One should utter a virtuous speech, and not utter a
speech beyond the scope. Do not think for the sake of dharma is to
rebuke the people with pleasure in admonition. should be mindful, that
is, the preceptor, the teacher, the elder, the preceptor Phra Therapoon
Achan, friends who have seen each other, people who have been in a
relationship with each other, or friends warned that the elderly This
karma is not for you, this karma is not for you. This karma is not
suitable for you. This karma is not beautiful to you. A monk who has
been admonished, should go in and set up his mind, be contented,
delighted, delighted, covetous, desire, love, and be attracted to that
admonition. Just like a woman or a man who is a young woman, growing up,
who likes to dress, bathe in water, get a garland of lotus flowers.
Jasmine garland is good. Lamduan flower garland is good. Pick it up with
both hands and place it on your head. As the supreme organ, just as one
is delighted, delighted, delighted, covets, desires, desires, loves,
enthralls. So so should one go in and settle in one\'s mind, be
contented, delighted, delighted, covetous, wanting, wanting, loving,
enthralled, and so are admonitions. Whoever one should see, who
punishes, oppresses, is wise, is like a person who shows wealth. to
associate with such a person graduate When a graduate like that Only you
are noble There is no lewd punishment. One should teach, teach, and be
forbidden from the dharma of the wicked. That person is loved only by
the faithful. hated by the wicked Therefore, he is called a bhikkhu who
is admonished verbally. One should be mindful.
[976] The name of the
holy virgin, in the word one, one should destroy the harshness of all
the virgins, that is, one who has one deed. have the same Always have
the same sect. The word should destroy the harshness of the virgins,
that is, the\
anger hits The hardness of the mind in the virgins is to destroy the
hardness of the five minds, to destroy the hardness of the three minds,
to smash, to destroy, to eradicate the hardness because of lust, the
hardness of hatred. The hardness of delusion is therefore called to
destroy the harshness of the virgins. Regarding the scope of the speech
of two kinds
[977] The word should be uttered the speech that is
wholesome. One should not utter words beyond the boundaries, that is,
one should utter words that arise from insight, that is, to utter, to
utter, well-spoken words with meaning. which consists of dharma which is
a speech that is beneficial, has references, is absolute, at the proper
time; therefore, one should utter a word that is wholesome. It is called
the boundary, the mind that should not be uttered beyond the boundary,
namely, the boundary of time, the boundary of moral virtues, and 1. What
is the boundary of time? A bhikkhu should not speak in vain. Do not
speak too late Don\'t say things that are too late and timeless. Do not
utter words that are not yet timeless. One should not say a speech that
has not yet reached its time, and should not say a speech that has not
yet reached its time. would say too much That person is killed and lies
down like a son of a raven that is fed by a raven. What is the boundary
of time? What is the boundary of the precepts? An angry person should
not speak. The wanderer should not speak and should not say, tell,
speak, show, declare, lies, pisunavaca, pharusvaca, sappappa, this is
called the realm of morality, therefore, one should utter a word of
charity. Do not speak beyond the boundaries. One should not think of him
by calamity.
[978] The name people, in the word dharma, should not be
thought of as blasphemy, that is, a person who is a king, a brahmin, a
priest, a clergyman, a clergyman, a deity, a human being. To think, that
is, do not let thoughts arise. Do not allow the thoughts of the mind to
arise. Do not wish for this to happen. for the sake of saying,
believing, gossip, reproach, non-praise lack of portrayal of the people
with sacrament with a master with a disaster or by occupational
misfortune. Therefore, it is called not to think for the sake of dharma.
because of that The Blessed One said that a bhikkhu was admonished with
words. be a person of conscience destroy the person hard in all the
virgins One should utter a virtuous speech, and not utter a speech
beyond the scope. Do not think for the Dharma is to say that the people

[979] Next, a monk should be mindful. In order to get rid of any
sensual desires, those are the five types of dust in the world,
sensuality in form, sound, smell, taste and touch
[980] Asth, in the
next word ...these passions are five dust. In the world, it\'s a
chapter, it\'s an obstacle. as a death sentence is a character
convention It is a euphemism with consonants as a sequence of chapters.
The word dust is five things: sensuality in form, sensuality in sound,
sensuality in smells, sensuality in taste, sensuality in touch. Sensual
we say is dust. The dust is not said to be dust, the word dust is the
name of sensuality. is in the religion of the gods Buddha without dust
wrath we say is dust Do not say dust is dust, the word dust is the name
of wrath. All the sages, having removed this dust, are in the religion
of the Buddha who is free from dust. Rulers, we say, are dust. The dust
is not said to be dust, the word dust is the name of rulers. It is in
the religion of the Buddha who is free from dust. The words in the world
are: in the evil world, the human world, the divine world, the world
khandha, the world element, and the self-conscious world. Therefore, it
is called the next \... Those sensual pleasures are the five types of
dust in the world.
[981] What kind of sensuality in the word should a
bhikkhu be mindful? The word sensuality, sensuality in sound, sensuality
in smell, sensuality in taste, sensuality in touch. Non-forgottenness,
stamina, satibala, samasati, satisamphojha, this is called mindfulness.
A bhikkhu is attained, attained, attained, approached, approached,
accompanied by this mindfulness. A bhikkhu is called mindful. There are
three sikkhas in the word that one should study, namely, cultivating the
sikkha, the sikkha, the sikkha. What is the reason for praying the
precepts, etc.? This is called attainment of the precepts. The word be
educated to get rid of any lusts, that a person who is conscious should
study, even pray To study even higher-mind, to study even higher wisdom,
to get rid of, to get rid of, to give up, to calm, to relinquish, to
quell. Those which are sensual in form, sensual in sound, sensual in
smells, sensual in taste, sensual in touch, should be called these three
sikkhas. Knowing is one that should be studied, etc. To enlighten the
Dharma that should be made known is called to be studied, one should
behave graciously. One should behave well, meditate, and act. Therefore,
one should be mindful and educated in order to get rid of these lusts.

[982] The word to suppress these lusts is that they should be
suppressed, suppressed, possessed, possessed. Eliminate and destroy all
sensual desires of form, sound, smell, taste, and touch, therefore it is
called to suppress those lusts of form, sound, smell, taste, and touch.
Then the Blessed One said: \'Next, a bhikkhu should have a mindful study
to get rid of these lusts. These are the five particles of the world. A
bhikkhu should suppress them, namely, sensuality in form, sound, smell,
taste, and touch.
[983 ] A monk is mindful. Have a wonderful mind
should dispose of all enthusiasm in those dharmas. a person with a mind
Dharma Ek pops up get rid of the darkness The Blessed One said as
follows:
[984] Those words, in the word, should dispose of desires in
those dharmas, meaning in form, sound, smell, taste, touch. Named
chanda: pleasure in sensual pleasures, sensual pleasures, pleasures of
sensual pleasures. erotic desire erotic affection Passion for sensual
pleasures, passion for sensual pleasures, passion for sensual pleasures,
sensual desires, sensual desires, kama okha, kama yoga, kamupathana,
sensual reconciliation in all sensual pleasures: \"Eliminate the desires
of those dharmas, eliminate them, eliminate them, remove them, alleviate
them, cause them to disappear.\" which desires in these dharmas,
therefore it is called to banish greeds in dharmas. those.
[985] The
name bhikkhu in the word bhikkhu is mindful. A bhikkhu who is a
gentleman, or a bhikkhu who is blessed. The word mindfulness means
remembrance, remembrance, etc., right mindfulness, mindfulness,
mindfulness, this Ekayamaga is called mindfulness. A bhikkhu has access,
etc. Consistent with this mindfulness, a bhikkhu. That is called
mindfulness; therefore, a bhikkhu is mindful. The word \"excellent
mind\" means that the mind of a bhikkhu who has entered the first jhana
is liberated, liberated, liberated from all hindrances. The mind of a
bhikkhu who has entered the secondary meditation, is freed, wonderfully
liberated, well liberated from anxiety and reflection. The mind of a
bhikkhu who has entered the tertiary contemplation, is liberated,
wonderfully liberated, wonderfully liberated from rapture. The mind of a
bhikkhu who enters the Fourth Jhana is freed, wonderfully liberated,
wonderfully liberated, and is released from happiness and suffering. The
mind of a bhikkhu who has entered the realm of contemplation, is
liberated, surpassed, surpassed, surrendered, surrendered, surrendered,
surrendered. from the airman\'s contract The mind of a bhikkhu who has
entered the enlightenment, is freed, surpassed, surpassed, surpassed
from the supreme spirit. The mind of a bhikkhu who enters into the
concept of na-sanya-yat-chana, is freed, is freed, is terrified, is
surrendered, is\-- Sotaba\'s mind is liberated, liberated, liberated,
salvaged, from Sakkaya Ditthi Vichikiccha Silabbatta Pramas Ditthanusai
Wichikicchanusai and from those defilements that are located on the same
side as Wichikcha. The mind of the Buddha Sakadagami is liberated,
wonderful, wonderfully liberated from sensual pleasures. rough testimony
and from the passions that are located on one side together with kama
rai nusai The mind of Anagami is liberated, wonderful\
, supremely liberated, from sensual pleasures, admiration, from
kamaraknusai. devotion to detail and from the passions located in the
same faction as Kamaraksa The mind of an arahant is freed, surpassed,
surrendered, surpassed, surpassed, surpassed from lust, avatar, mana,
utdhacca, avijja, manusai, bhavarakanusai, avijja, nusai, those who are
in the same position with lust. and from all external visions, hence the
name that a bhikkhu is mindful. Concerning the mind that is the time of
samatha and introspection
[986] The word \'times\' in the word
bhikkhu, when contemplating the Dhamma accordingly, means that when the
mind is not distracted, it is the time of samatha. When the mind is
concentrated, it is the time of introspection. It is as true as the
Blessed One has said that any yogi will support the mind in time. It
suppresses the mind in other times, it makes the mind rejoice forever.
will set the mind in time He is indifferent in time. That yogi is wise
in time. When should mental support be needed? When should the mind be
present? When should the mind be joyful? and What is the time of
samatha? of the mind of a yogic person? When a yogi\'s mind is
distracted, at a time that should be suppressed, a yogi should rejoice
in his mind that is not euphoric at that time, the mind is naturally
cheerful, unrelenting, undisturbed, there is always a time of calmness,
the mind rejoices in inside By that scheme, the mind is naturally
concentrated. In any time, at that time, a yogi should be indifferent.
with a mind that is established with wisdom A wise man who is
enlightened, knows time, wise, in this time should determine the vision
of the mind forever, according to this time. Therefore, he is called a
monk \... When considering the Dharma properly means that when
considering the Dharma properly All things are impermanent. All
sankharas are suffering, all dharmas are non-self, etc. Anything
naturally arises. All things have a natural extinction, therefore it is
called that when considering the Dharma properly.
[987] The word
\'single-dharma-mind\' arises, in the word \'one with one mind and
dharma\' arises, one should eradicate darkness. The Blessed One said
thus: \'He has one mind and one emotion. not distracted He has a mind
that does not waver. Therefore, he is known as one who has a single mind
that arises. That bhikkhu should get rid of darkness, that is, to
eliminate, to eliminate, to eliminate, to alleviate, to put an end to
nothing. where darkness is lust, darkness is wrath darkness is ruler
darkness is mana darkness is darkness is passion Darkness is dishonesty,
blinding, blinding. causing no intellect, quenching wisdom, being in the
side of hardship not leading to nirvana. The word bhagava is another
respectful saying. It is called bhagava because of the meaning that one
destroys lust, destroys hatred, destroys delusion, destroys mana,
destroys view, destroys thorns, destroys defilements. specific
classification Dharmaratana. Because of the meaning that He did the best
of all worlds. having a cultivated body, a cultivating virtue have a
trained mind In addition, the Blessed One snuggled up to the secluded
groves and dense forests, with a low voice, without a loud noise, and
without any passers-by. It is the secret of human karma. worthy of
escaping and hiding, therefore it is called the Supreme One. In
addition, the Blessed One has the share of robes, alms, alms, and
ceremonial factors. Therefore, he is called the Supreme Being. In
addition, the Blessed One has the share of the supernatural, the high
spirit, the wisdom. Attitude, Dharma, Vimuttira, therefore it is called
the Bhagava. Moreover, the Blessed One has the share of the 4 Jhana, the
4 Empathy, the 4 Formation, and the 4 Samapati, hence the name Bhagava.
Furthermore, the Blessed One has the Eight of Vimokkha. Abhidhatana 8
Anupupbhavihara sambat 9 Therefore it is called the Bhagava. In
addition, the Blessed One. The Blessed One has the share of ten kasin
samapati, ten anapanasati samadhana, and unsatisfied, therefore it is
called the Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One has the four
foundations of mindfulness, the 4 powers, the 4 organics, the 5
strengths and the five strengths. The Buddha\'s seven noble paths have
the eightfold paths, hence the name Phagava. In addition, the Blessed
One is part of the Tathagata, the 10 Vesarachayanana, 4 Assumptions, 4
Agnostics, 6 Buddhadhammas, and therefore the Blessed One is called the
Bhagava. Phakhini, friends, brothers and sisters, ascetics and brahmins,
devas did not honor the name Phagava as a free name. (Names are in the
Arahatship in the order of the Arhat Path) is a law of truth. with the
attainment of enlightenment at the enlightenment of all the Blessed
Ones, hence the name is one whose mind has arisen. get rid of the
darkness The Blessed One said thus. The Blessed One said, A monk is
mindful. Has a wonderful mind should dispose of all enthusiasm in those
dharmas. a person with a mind Dharma Ek pops up get rid of the darkness
Thus the Blessed One said: Hereinafter, the 16th sariputtthes, the 16th
sariputtdess, the 16th nittas, in the eighth paragraphs. -------------
