- Khuddakanika
- Great Niddeduwa
- Atthakagaggoo

# 7. Diagnostic formulas

[Msdiv 49] (#msdiv49) {#msdiv49 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 1)

[APZ 49.1] (#apz49 .1) {#apz49 .1 .ref .apz} "Go to Maithunayu
The Maithurana doctrine is (i) a certain unharmed Rural doctrine is bad
A Dharma secret thing is a union of two people. By any kind
Dharmaiyadda (ii) two thunderies say 'thunaka'
Two people say 'thunaka', and two people say 'thunaka'
Sayadda, two debating accused of 'thunaka'
Two people say, 'This is for two, and two to take away from the prophecy.
Two people who were taken to the salivator say, 'This is the same, and who were left with lust.
The same doctrine of two embraces is the same. In that case, Maithurana is the doctrine.
It has been applied in the Maithurana doctrine: “This Manuthassa”
It is it that is heavy, which is bent upon it that is abundant, and that is, it that is heavy, it which is bent upon it, which is multitude, and which is true
Lord and be true.

[APZ 49.2] (#apz49 .2) {#apz49 .2 .ref .apz}
In this field,” the spout is the verses joint. Recourse. “Hello” is
The Favour Word is the Honor Word. 'Tissa is the name of those three. Imposes.
is the business. Nirukti is the word. Speeches are the Constitution. “Mentia” is a
Tribe of the Tribe. Consciousness is the Consciousness.

[APZ 49.3] (#apz49 .3) {#apz49 .3.ref .apz} "Niducan, the trouble
Let's say” Throat, Tribulation, Colliery, Thickness, Thickness.

[APZ 49.4] (#apz49 .4) {#apz49 .4 .ref .apz} "heard your word”
Deadline, hear sympathies and consider learning.

[APZ 49.5] (#apz49 .5) {#apz49.5 .ref .apz} "Let's take a break.”
The rest of the way is three rests. Bodhi Leisure, Grit Leisure, Subway Leisure
Ready. What is the bodi-rest? (ii) the Mauna of this plant, Rukkulle, Rock,
Mountain slope rock cave, Sayana in the distant wild, where there is space, Pidurugoda, Tomb
The rest of the brigades, but the cans behave leisurely. Relaxing from the Word
behave. Hemselves go alone. Stand alone. Seated alone. Example of alone. Alone
Behave to be poured into the village. Return alone. This is the bodiess (iii)
What is the emotion? (iv) Mindful rest from the state of the state.
Wei. The mind was rested by the criticism of the Whips to the Deuteronomy Center
Wei. With the course of the tertiary, the heart is relaxing in the way of rejoice.
The heart is relaxing with pleasures and distress.
Anakasanatha, the heart of the Bath Signal, the Bath Signal, the Bath Signal, the Bath Signal
Relaxed with the Wei Conscious and the heart of the Ankasanahua
Separated. Conscious with the Acquina, the heart was separated from consciousness
Wei. The heart is left by the heart of the nevasannagama, with the help of the nevasannagama.
Sovanawathahu has been disgraced (doubtfully) by 'Sealabtha'
From the claysans who have added to it more from the visualization of the Parammana
The heart is relaxing. Rahatan in images, in the image, and in the image.
Bhavaraganuge and academics, Mananusa, Bevaraganuzaya and academics
The heart is relaxing in all the other things that have been added to it, and in all the outside.
This is morale rest.

[APZ 49.6] (#apz49 .6) {#apz49 .6 .ref .apz} Which is the sub rest? Claschiol
Masses and customized saws are the help. Immerged NirvaSub-break to borrow
Saw. Someone who deviated all the editors
This is the case when the lath was not depleted by the cravings.
Subway rest.

[APZ 49.7] (#apz49 .7) {#apz49 .7 .ref .apz} to be aloted in the intrinsic
Leisure to bodess, and pure hearts to be very clean
Grit rest as a heart purpose for the family of children to visit home
Subdhi rest is also possible.

[APZ 49.8] (#apz49 .8) {#apz49 .8 .ref .apz} "Hikmenlet at rest.” Is A
He is the precepts of the prophecy. Dhamma Deshana Strict
He invites Dharmadeshana, saying: Hikmennemui in Leisure
So said thou thou, thou thou.

[Msdiv 50] (#msdiv50) {#msdiv50 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 2)

[APZ 50.1] (#apz50 .1) {#apz50 .1 .ref .apz} is (7-1) 1
(iii) The application should be applied. This is the people of the people who are the three.
Speak from the prey. The adherents are the Word of Honor. Stop Lust
Since broken, “I name the spheres. Since malice is broken, the brains are broken
Since put, the dimension is broken as the view is broken
Since the dhamma is divided into shattered, since all the elbas were broken
Since the troops went to the end, there is a tide, because there is a cold, because there is a tide.
The worded heart is divided because the worded signal is divided
Go' name. Noiseless people of ultralosoy, noiseless people
Since the secret is to dissuade the distant people who are worthy of rest.
Bhutters, if they are bruise. Siuru Pindahara Senasun Ambulantua
Since the medicine is being purifiedBhutan. Inversion of the inversion taste, hyperthermia
This is because the hypothermia is superpragmatic. Four Centres
Bhagawa is the name, as it is divided into four Dharmasathara Samatha. Octavimoscopy
Since Ash Abhayatha is divided into nine Anupubba temples, Bhagawa is the name. Signs
Meditation Kasina Societies, Inapatha Ungood Societies
Justicehence the name of Bhagawa. Four-Sathipatthana Four Samples Major Four Negative Pathana
This is the Pajachendiriya, Pandakhapowa, Sapthabmedium, Lady Octanga Road
The doctrines were taken in stock. The four divisions of the State Division, Respect.
Since the four origins were taken, the Buddha Dharma, the name of Bhayawatha.
This word 'Bhavati' was not put by the mother. Not held by the father.
Not put by the brother. Not held by the mythals. by friends
In the absence. Not placed by the salient relatives. by the Brahmans
In the absence. Not held by two times. The word Bhagawa ends Vimokadawa
True. The Almighty Buddha of Bodhhihulu
At the same time of receipt is an imposition.

[APZ 50.2] (#apz50 .2) {#apz50 .2 .ref .apz} "Forgets Dhamma Message.” is
In two things, the flasher is forgotten. The plant is also forgotten.
The policy is also forgotten. What is the Extension Plant? (ii) Formula,
Payment, Esteem, Stanza, Udanaya, Saving, Nation, Absolute Doctrine,
The doctrine to be proclaimed by the Vedalaya is the Permanence. It is also forgotten.
Separated. Mezilka forgot the shasa. What is the policy policy
Resource Reverse, Resource Reverse, Higher Reverse, Alias
Refluence, Dharamu Dhamma Refluence, IndHammer Door
Feeling around the borehole, sleepiness, discreet in remembrance, four
Sathipatthana, Four Samples Chief, Four Negypadatha, Paghachendiriya, Padawaksha Power,
These doctrines are the policy of Sanath Bothanga, Lady's Octangal Way
Sal. It is also forgotten. Deviations are deviated. “Mythuwa Tapajjathi” is also animals
Kill. Trains. Household is also broken. Loot also does. Breaking one house
makes. They are also making hazards to others. Lies tell. Wrong
Track Buck.

[APZ 50.3] (#apz50 .3) {#apz50 .3.ref .apz} "This he has done is undeniable.”
This is an undoctrine toward the individual. Juvenile doctrine. It is a doctrine.
A senseless doctrine. Amaravikhep is the myth doctrine. A mythology doctrine
It is the same. It is the doctrine of insecurity upon him.

[Msdiv 51] (#msdiv51) {#msdiv51 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 3)

[APZ 51.1] (#apz51 .1) {#apz51 .1 .ref .apz} "What's before” is the facts
Before two, either individually or as separate from the counters or
All household (ii) how to do before the end of the day.
Ambuldara Shield Sit Cousins Shield Ginding Mithra
The shields are poured into the grooves by cutting the mesh and pouring it into the grooves
In the plant called Anagariya, Mahana is not pragmless and behaves alone. postures
Holds. Depend. Thus, before the ordeal is alone. How to
How to behave alone as separations? He was so lonely (iii) in the wild
Secrets of men separated from people with little noise with distant little noise
The brigades who are worthy of rest are employed in activities, but also go alone.
Stand alone. Example of alone. Behave to give the village alone.Return alone.
Sit alone in secret. Alone descends to the walkway. Behave alone. postures
Holds. Thus, it behaves separately from the genus.

[APZ 51.2] (#apz51 .2) {#apz51 .2 .ref .apz} "Does anyone associate”
The doctrine is that any bad doctrine (7-1) 1 (i) (ii) must also be applied)
The union of two people saw the Maithurana doctrine. “Someone associates
Will” is a recent period of time Buddha, Dhamma, Hides, and have left the precept and come down.
The doctrine is serviced, and is the same.

[APZ 51.3] (#apz51 .3) {#apz51 .3.ref .apz} "In locus he is like a revolving plane”
“Liner is the arm, the horse, the bull, the goat, the sheep,
The crown, the mule, the “revolving”, is the undeciphering of the undeciphering.
The plane goes the wrong way. Rise into a heterogeneous virgo or tree. Carrier also
Kadai. Injury also. A break plane on the Motion or Hack
An undecidedly indecent evil way, or the robes of the epipheris.
The person takes the wrong way like a breakage plane.
It takes a heresy. A myth, a word industry
A divination effort takes a sense of myth. Gamseh relevant
The plane of the unscrupulous crusher will climb in a heterogeneous virtue or stone or the epidermis itself.
The person of the robes climbs the same heterogeneous bodiya karma.
The heterogeneous manuskery rises. Heterogeneous communities get up to the killings. heterogeneous
Rise to Adinnadana. Heterogeneous kama climbs into mythology. heterogeneous
Rise into bliss. Rise to the heterogeneous pusunawakshin. heterogeneous
Rise to the word of the palash. The heterogeneous coagulant climbs. heterogeneous hardness
Rise. Rise to the heterogeneous business. CERise to the mythical view
Git. Heterogeneous editors get up. The heterogeneous pests climb into the properties.
Heterogeneous septic climbs. Do not work well, so that it does not work
Cadunana also breaks the plane. Injury also. scam from the epidermis
A person who robs like a yacht breaks the third of hell. The third of the bestial vagina
Break. Break the third of the precocious subject. The third of the world is broken. The third of the world
Break. A plane that does not work well, is in the Prop or Hack.
On the epidermis, the person who has a crusher plane breaks down into the race.
Hack on the business approach too. Death Promotions Hack, Zhou, Won,
Domanassa, synapasse is also hack, “in the world” is Hell teases, human
Toothed.

[APZ 51.4] (#apz51 .4) {#apz51 .4 .ref .apz} "Peoples saws” is
In any sense, most of the names of the surface are given, many of the names of the surface
The name of the surface, as there is undisputed spirit view. The face of many people
The name of the surface, because of the view. As most of all the dynamics are absent.
Many focal editors are gathered by the name of the surface. Many unobstructed
The name of floavanui surface. Many people are made by the name of the surface.
Many people are burned with roofs and surface names. Most Notch
As there is a glucose opening from the properties, the name of the surface is called. Most
The name of the prurthagjana, as they clog the choke from the pannavarana. Henamahu Puthujjanang
Thruthagpeople say that the heat is silent lameness. Thus the saw. Testimonial

[Msdiv 52] (#msdiv52) {#msdiv52 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 4)

[APZ 52.1] (#apz52 .1) {#apz52 .1 .ref .apz} "Was the reputation of Yaz who filtered him
Payable”Which resource is the reference? This world is in pre-eminence (ii)
Care Ladddeveda treats multidimensional Ladddeveda
It is this resource that will be dispensed with medicines in Ladddeveda Siuru Pindahara Ambulance.
(iii) What is the reputation? (iv) This world is pangy, and discreet
There was a good understanding of the polyline and the film, but the formulaic or
Disciplinary Dharma or Dhamma Lecturer, or “Aragadziri”
“Physiology” or saying “Pansicular” or “Thechivical” or “Thechivical” or
Say “Provincient” or “Mineral” or “Nezajikka”
Kia or “reality” received the preferential or secondary center
received or said that Akasanakhayati received the society or
Consciousness received the society, or the Anchinavatha received the society
Kia or Nevadanasagatha received the society. This
Reputation. “He paid it.” Is Buddha, Dhamma, Hides, Leave the tenet
His resource and his reputation is deteriorating. Draw Disappear
Wei. Break.

[APZ 52.2] (#apz52 .2) {#apz52 .2 .ref .apz} "To see this too
Hikmennea”, this is also the resource of pre-eminence and reputation
The Buddha, Dhamma, Hides, the precepts of the recent half
This resource of the scandal and the distress is seen, and the decision is expressed by the decision.
“Prophecy, Hikmennay” are three precepts: (iii) overburdable, adhibiti,
princes.” What is the hypothermia? In this plant there is a mauna sil
Vedi, Divisional Sanctuary Hikmune Vedi, Academically and Gochchery
The precepts of seeing fear even in the little offense dweltSamaden Hikfatty,
Small cold, early behavior of the location of the large cold sil, restraint mucus
The presence of doctrines is the congenitourism. This hypothermia (iv) adhibiti
What is the precept? (v) From (2-4) 1 (iii) of this plant
Should) What is the precept of princts? (v) Sewing works in this plant
It is with the noble produsent that will make the grieving and end the grieving
Wah, and this sorrow is the cause of this suffering, and it is the cause of this suffering,
This grieving negativity is preferably known, and this is the resurrection of suffering.
Know and this inhalation is the cause of the occurrence of these inhalations,
This miracle is preferably known, and this miracle is the Nurodagamini reaction
Know, this is the superfluous tenet. The Maithurana doctrine is some bad doctrine
A Rural Dharma A Rural Dharma A Bad Dharma A Collection of Two Secret Thing
Adda. This is the doctrine of this fact. This also saw the demotion
Yedev. In order to dispose of the Maithurana doctrine in order to be compelled
Hickmeneth also in the superintendent. Hickmeneth also in hyperemia. Superordinate too
Hikmennah. Some three disciplins are repulsive. The heart
Establishes Hickman. It is known that the hickman will see.
Reduction is made by Hikmene. Established permanently.
The vein is firmly made. Mindfulness is applied to Hickman. The heart agrees
Hickman does, and exertion is used. Stricly adheres to the subject
take it. It is known discreetly. Know the Garden
Hikmennah. It is known by Himme that he knows the right thing. Disposal activity
Exclude HickmenNon. Most of the bitterness is wreathed. Promised
The art is prodused in Hikmene. Behave. Behave briquely.
And there are equally, and they are.

[Msdiv 53] (#msdiv53) {#msdiv53 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 5)

[APZ 53.1] (#apz53 .1) {#apz53 .1 .ref .apz} "Conceptions”
The mind is thought out by deviations.” (ii) Kama Concept, Business
From conception, from the concept of spanning, from the concept of view
Justification is the shower. It burns like a foil. Thoughtful.
Thinking about looking for an attic rat in Yamsee's buckface tree
The cat is wondering about looking for a gangrene cat in a crossroads gutter
Does a rat look for and wonder, and know, and the yamze unleashed the weight
How to think about a gutter in a crossroads and the roofs of the epidermis
The person is from the concept of business from the concept of Kama.
Touched by the concept of view, like a foil, as if thinking
makes. burns.

[APZ 53.2] (#apz53 .2) {#apz53 .2 .ref .apz} "Ebandah heard the choker
Domnus was. Graduates or Teachers or Similar Graduates or Similar
The academics or friends, or those who made the incarnate, or friends, or accusations.
Wow you are a loss and you are getting evil. A Gentleman of the same.
In the plant which was thus proclaimed, Pavinda had such a wealth of Lady.
Because of the Maithurana doctrine, the Buddha Dhamma Hidhu has left the precept and sold the robes.
Do you lose any of the doctrines, and do you lose mindfulness, in the vassal doctrines
Do you lose shame, and do you lose a lot of vassal doctrines, and in the vassal doctrines
Are you missing a virtue?Are You Lost A Mistress
Are you missing a sign of doctrines. Hearing the sympathies of their word
“Domnus is”, in remembrance of the agenas, is the diseases of the conflict that came to the affliction
It was said that Domnasauhe was unfolded. It was so that they were pressed.
It is some robes who have such prophecy.

[Msdiv 54] (#msdiv54) {#msdiv54 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 6)

[APZ 54.1] (#apz54 .1) {#apz54 .1 .ref .apz} "Led by Tales
Weapons are applied.” “Wana” is a luxury to load the verses
An application for order. “Arms” are three weapons. Bhoditra, Vagastiya,
Manas is the manas. The trivial boys' is the boys' character.
The trivial vocabulary is the vocabulary. Trincomitant Manas
Manas Shastira “Directed by the stories of the other” is the Bachelor of Degree
by or by academics or by similar degrees.
Knowing and lying by people or by friends or by accusations.
Lord, I am alright to the swamp. I should take the mother to the mouth. Hence
Sivuru Handamai says. My father should be poured. Therefore, I put the robes.
I say that the brother should take the potion. Sister Pollation Activities
says. I should take the son out. I need to take a daughter.
I should make the Friend Pollies. I need to make friends and friends. by mei
Naiths should be taken. I should also take the place of the Sahale. Hence the robes
Halweweyi says. The name of words presents the weapon.

[APZ 54.2] (#apz54 .2) {#apz54 .2 .ref .apz} "This Great Greatness of His” is
The great condensation of this great charisade of his, the great vicious mass of the great desert
Acquaing itselfAnd the mud, the great wrapping, the great shield—know it and lie.

[APZ 54.3] (#apz54 .3) {#apz54 .3.ref .apz} "Lying away.” Going
“Lying” tells lies. Some of this world (ii) went to a congregation or
A group of people went to the middle of the relatives or went into the middle of the village or went into the middle of the raja caste
Or come forward and say, if ye know something that is 'sent here', it reads Shakshi
Hear says I know what I do not know. The thing that does not know is seen.
Says the thing is not noticing. Thus, by reason of oneself or by reason of other
Knowing or knowing because of anything or because of anything imical lies. This is blasphemism
says. The stop is blurred by three points. I will lie to him before.
Ideas. It means that I will lie to him. Him in Kekal
I was lying by the bliss. This is a three-way malaise. Stuck
(ii) I will lie to him before.
It means that I will lie to him. Lies to him in Kekal
Reading is blissful. The outlook is wrongly taken. This is the maleism of all sorts
Wei. A five-way malaise is a seven way from a vaginal
With a attic there is mucus. (here (ii) should be applied) (iii) outlook
Wrist taken will wrongly took the appetite wrong and took the signal wrong
Nature takes the wrong place, and this is the fastity of the blonde,
Mucosa is firmly inflicted. descends into muzzanism. Logged in.

[Msdiv 55] (#msdiv55) {#msdiv55 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 7)

[APZ 55.1] (#apz55 .1) {#apz55 .1 .ref .apz} "Know to be”
Someone in this world is pre-eminent (here (7-4) (ii)
Must be applied)The term in one behaviour' is the conduct of two things alone
Determined that is, either as an inconspicuously or as separate from the counters or
Ready. How was the behavior done individually? All Household
(7-3) 1 (ii) The pendicle should be applied)
Behavior was left. How to conduct alone as separate from the crescences,
In this case, (iii) the Hon. (7-3) 1 (iii)
Should be applied) thus fulfillment of behavior alone apart from the counters.

[APZ 55.2] (#apz55 .2) {#apz55 .2 .ref .apz} "Heetawathi”
The Maithurana doctrine is that some bad doctrine is the Gama doctrine Peek Doctrine
From the fact that the secret is the union of two people, the doctrine goes. Heathly Recent
At a time, Buddha gave up the doctrine of the Dhamma and came into low in the Maithurana Dhamma
The application is available. “Saliva like a fool.” is like a fool from the poor
Comes into the dandelier. Animals kill, thieves, housejoints are broken, robbed
makes. One makes the house break, the infestation remains. Karma Karma, Liar
Say, this becomes Kilty. And he will not catch kings, but make them caprish.
Duct with garments. Fruit from rattan. Half shawl with a rod. Hand cutter foot
Cutes are both limbs. The ear will scrub both the nose and the canal. Karma if bilanganthalic
Karate. Karma karma for lifting from a rough thing to a head suction
Karate. Karma if Rahu Oral, which will shoot a groin in Katte. Jothimal Names Karma
Karate. Karma Karth named Haththapajotik. Karma Karma if Erakathtika. Chinese resident
If karma. Karma in the research. Karma karma if balisaman.
Karma karma if kahapanic. Karma karma if korative. postedPrecious Procuitous Names
Karma Karat. Carry out the epidermis, which is wrapped with fillings and burns.
Insulated with ruthed oil. Dogs. Sit at the same time in the worm.
Head with sword. This comes into diminishing. Madanalawa from Yalidu Kama Cravings
The hoggaes are looking for and go from the ship to the mugadziri. cold or
In the forehead furnace or in the forehead there is a bite, a mosquito. Sunglasses
If the bite dies from the touch of the serpents
Goes to the main, Thakkola goes to the area, Thaksala goes to the area. Timing
Names go to the name, generations go to the area. Vesunga goes to the area.
Verapatha, Jawa, Thamali, Wanga, Futhu, Suwanaku, Suwanakara, Tumbapanani,
Supparatha, Bharukatu, Suaratana, Sangaloka, Sakunapathanga, Sangana, Padapathanga, Yonakamuda, Yoyana
Novelty, Keywords, Marukantkalali, Junk, Wapways, Mendapatha, Concepts, Generators, Chronicles,
It also goes to MousePath, DariyPath, Tutchara.

This comes to grief. In order to protect the wealth not sought, received
Sadness suffers from a doomness. How, if my troops do not take kings, and thieves
Do not take, do not fire or rinse, do not rake into water, and unprone children
His A Bhogayo, who will take them as an endowment, and protect them:
Destroy. Sad suffers due to its destruction, and this comes to grief.

[Msdiv 56] (#msdiv56) {#msdiv56 .ref .msdiv}

[APZ 56.3] (#apz56 .3) {#apz56 .3.ref .apz} "HERE HERE THIS AREE
Know” is the reputation of pre-eminence and recent Buddha,
Dhamma, Himu Gikshawa and those of Sivuruhlahu, Scandy and this resource
Determine and determine the adversity. What is Muni
tells the consciousness. To feel any signal (here (2-4) 12 (ii) to 14
Should be applied to the point) here is this of the wishes of this view
This float in this discipline of this doctrine of appetite is this persecution of the doctrine
In this human locality of this spirit of Brahmecharia of the Sastreus
Ready.

[APZ 56.4] (#apz56 .4) {#apz56 .4 .ref .apz} "Do behavior strictly” is
Conduct alone in two things. All household shields
Ambuldaru Pistallideya Cousins Pistallideya Sit Mithura Pistallideya
If the mesh beard was cut off and the scavenged, then in the shantun
The pity comes that there is no desire, and behave alone. Close. Thus
The ordeal behaves alone. Close, dependent. How to
Whether separation is strictly carried out and behaves, and this is the case ((7-1) 1 (iii) of this section)
If the Maithurana doctrine of “Maithurana shall not serve”
Doctrine Grama Dharma (here (7-1) 1 (ii) should be applied)
Dharma is said. Maithurism does not serve. Maithurana Dharma
Do not behave.

[Msdiv 57] (#msdiv57) {#msdiv57 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 9)

[APZ 57.1] (#apz57 .1) {#apz57 .1 .ref .apz} "Hickman at rest” is
The rest is three breaks. It is bodyrelaxation, mort rest, subtlety rest.
What is the bodi-rest? (Here (1-4) 36 and 38 minutes from the date of the “Sasanaya”
to be applied to the end) “precepts” are three disciplined hypertenic precepts,
Adhibitory precepts, adrenal precepts. (Here (2-4) 1 (ii) to 2
Should be applied to the end)

[APZ 57.2] (#apz57 .2) {#apz57 .2 .ref .apz} "This is the Lady's High Thing”
DegmentSaw Buddha, Buddha, and Buddha, and Lady Buddharaya on the soil.
There is a certain leiseless conduct, it is unto the Lady, and it is unto him,
Wise is the most pronounced, the mouth, the high. “By making it in the field
Do not think. Is not interested in the behavior of the bodiess. Dimension
Do not do. Do not try, do not make hardness. Dimension
Nouveth. It does not take stiffness, go. “Heavenly Niven
is in the meeting” is in the immediate vicinity of the Nirvana
Ready.

[Msdiv 58] (#msdiv58) {#msdiv58 .ref .msdiv} (7 - 10)

[APZ 58.1] (#apz58 .1) {#apz58 .1 .ref .apz} "To the grandson who behave nothing”
There is nothing in the way of leisure, from the lotion of the bodiess
The rest of the wachi, the rest of the misery, and the rest of the maniduchery
From lust, from blessing, by crochet, by insanity, from Makukamine province
In jealousy, in marshy, in delusionism, in jealousy, in congestion, in collective
The dimension is very much in size, all from all the elbres
From the impoverished, all from all the burns, all from all the stains
The gathering of Akusal tells the relatives what to “Munihu”
(2-4) 12 (ii) to 14) The “behaving” is to behave
The dwellings are held, and the postures are held.

[APZ 58.2] (#apz58 .2) {#apz58 .2 .ref .apz} "The rooms were hopeless”
There are mainly two kamas, if they were kamahikamai.
(1, 1 (ii) to 3 (ii) shall apply.) Knowing objects
Except that there was no apeksha in the room, and brought them into the noopathana, and he did not dispose of the kama
KAMAKAMA MAMAZA MAMAZAThe constipated coma is twisted. Sillful comforts
What suffers is the Brahman inhabits.

[APZ 58.3] (#apz58 .3) {#apz58 .3.ref .apz} "The community in which rooms is fabricated
The community is a name for animals. in rooms,
Alu, Giveaway, Conflict, Purulent, Galle Animals (ii) Carmogically
All the confluence of the optical from the Bhawagi.
To the point of the end, which passed beyond the road, the end of which went to the end
Unto the shadow that came into unto the chute, which went into fear, that was not the chute that went into fear.
(iii) whether the debtors wish that they have no debt,
Hopefully, hope that the sick are not sick, banking
Hope redemption from Bano Banding, and redemption of slave
Hopefully, and will they expect a good ground,
Galle creatures who embodied the clash in the room of the epidermis.
Nirvana (i) should be applied here (ii)
And the arrivals will be made. Hopefully.

Tissamthethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethe

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Ayya Kathrin Vimalañāī] {.editor}.