- Khuddakanika
- Great Niddeduwa
- Atthakagaggoo

#14. Determine the Thataka Formula

[Msdiv 150] (#msdiv150) {#msdiv150 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 1)

[APZ 150.1] (#apz150 .1) {#apz150 .1 .ref .apz} "Solar Bonded Buddha
There are three (i) queries in (i) I critique this from Him. What was not seen
Question in order to equip what was seen by the question in order to be done
To query the question is to be asked.

[APZ 150.2] (#apz150 .2) {#apz150 .2 .ref .apz} Prophering the Unseen
What is the question? Un-undecided unaccustomed to unseen similar unseen
Is the characteristics of what is not in the prophecy, and to equate to see it in order to feel
In order to determine the order, to practice, the question is critiqued. The Unseen
The thing is to question how to prop up

[APZ 150.3] (#apz150 .3) {#apz150 .3.ref .apz} "Question to equalise what was seen
What to do? Teeth from the determined proficient that equated the saw
There is also a visual examination in order to compare it to the media.
Question critique. What this saw was to question in order to compare.

[APZ 150.4] (#apz150 .4) {#apz150 .4 .ref .apz} "Question to Query
What to do” is thus, what will not be, and how will be by the provert
The doubt came to the inquiry whether two ideas were taken. Hemma query
The question is critiqued for trimming. This is the question review to trim the query. This
Three Critics Anickudu Question Critics.

[APZ 150.5] (#apz150 .5) {#apz150 .5 .ref .apz} "Human Critics Unseen
What are the human reviews?
Manushiya Bhayath BuddhuCome to visit and review the question. Monkhu
Crikith, Bhikshunihu Crikat, Tacasikaw Crikat, Kings
Reviewer, rahmins critique, brahmins critique, mercantile cookers critique,
Holy Spirit critique, layman critique, paviddo critique, these human question
to do. What is the unhuman question? Amanushaya Buddha
Got to Question Critics, Nagayo Critics, Supernews Commentations, Devil
Requesting, Pasces Requesting, Odors Requesting, Great Kings Requesting, Strengths
Requisition, Brahmayo critique, Godfather critique is this unhuman question.

[APZ 150.6] (#apz150 .6) {#apz150 .6 .ref .apz} Created Question
What is the reviews? Manomia that has an undiminished inverter that has all feature elements
Creating a certain image and the created image came to Buddha
Question critique. Solves the spheters. Chun's who created this
Question There are three unquashed quizers. For his benefit
Question for the benefit of the people, their going to the other.
Question for the benefit of both parties
Three. Question for the benefit of this world
The purpose of questing is to question. More Questions
Three. Question of the past, Question of the future, Present
Question about three unicuperated issues. Spiritual
QuestionsSpiritual Question Spiritual Question
Re-question reviews are three. Kushale Question, Kushale Question,
Requires the unused question. Three more question, mass questionitself
Question of relics is to question institutions. There are three unicu issues.
Sathipatthana Question Sammapmain Question
There are three other quirtions. Influenza Question Power Question
To do is to question the body. There are three unicrued quirtions. Soan
Question of Alumni Routes Question on Productivity Nirvana
Question about it.

[APZ 150.7] (#apz150 .7) {#apz150 .7 .ref .apz} "Critique of him is from him
Critics ask him. I invite him. I put him down. Told me it
Commentations. Yue said to the solarist “Adichabandhu”.
(iii) The solar is also from the prey. The spheres are also from the prey
Goumu Wei. The prophets are a prey relative of the solar. Gothra
Binder. Therefore, Buddhist named Alamthu Bandhu.

[APZ 150.8] (#apz150 .8) {#apz150 .8 .ref .apz} "From the Trustees
Leisure and Shanthi verse are three leisure (7-1) 5 (ii) to 7
The termination of the ballot should be used.

[APZ 150.9] (#apz150 .9) {#apz150 .9 .ref .apz} "Shanty” is one way
Shantia is also the term Shanthi. It is the impeccable nirvana. All of a doctrine
The editors noted that all the girl was excluded whether the craving was paid, and the breaks
Nirvana is the Nirvana Nirvana. Yelidu or any Dhamma Shanthi
Shanity for touches, for shanity to be prophesy
How To Hay, Four Sathipatayo Four Leaders
Pajachendiriyo Pandakhabayayo Sapthabokayo Lady Octagonal Road
They are the shanthyapadah, the guarding verse, the knife. SanctuaryDYING, Non Magnetic
The verse says the word, the word, the Nirvana verse.

[APZ 150.10] (#apz150 .10) {#apz150 .10 .ref .apz} Maharshi” is Maharshi
He is the one who is the one. The gentleman searched for a cold, therefore “Maharshi”
NAMI. A Mathewess Mathewal Mathews
A emancipation of emancipation, a Mathew Liberation Wisdoms
A dassanmass searched. Therefore, the name of Maharshi. Mathews flee unscientific
Putting Gentlemen Optics Breaking the Gentles' Optics Binding
Decomposition of dimensional flag and compilation of collections of Mathu (KAMAY) with Sain Water
The laying of the burden of the Mathews, the trimming of the Mathu Sanasara Profession
The extinguisher sought to raise the flag of the mathew Dhamma to compile the burning. Therefore
Maharshi name. Mahatyu Sathipattaya Award Chief Mahatyu Yadhi
Footages Gentlemen Powers Mathews Bocentralis Lady's Octangal Way
The Gentleman sought the purposed Nirvana. Hence the name “Maharshi”.
Where is the Buddha, where is the Buddha, where is the Buddha, and where is the Buddha, and the Greatest God
Where and where are the human beings sought by the creatures.
Laddenui Maharshi name.

“What is seen in the monk” and look at what is seen and what is seen and what is the monk”
What decision, and what extent, his lust, and malice.
Constipation, Constipation, Virtuousness, Greatly equating themselves, Jealousy,
Satiety, deceitness, tightness, alignment, dimension, overexertion, mythology,
Size, all the elbows, all the grievous, all the persecution of all the roofs
All the fittings are collected, constituting, etc. Monkshuwa is
Surfactive is either fictional or monk. Stylesor monk

[APZ 150.11] (#apz150 .11) {#apz150 .11 .ref .apz} "Nothing hard in the locality
Not taken as taking” is not firmly taken by maneuvers
Don't enter. “Lokuka” is in the human world of Hell Locking,
In the relic of the mass of the divine locus, “any is a certain image
The frequency of the stethoscope is the number of congenitals.

[Msdiv 151] (#msdiv151) {#msdiv151 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 2)

[APZ 151.1] (#apz151 .1) {#apz151 .1 .ref .apz} "Reflectiones
Asmiths also know and prevent all things,” said the prophets. Going
The number of prophecies is called the number of prophecies. Frequency of cravings, viewpoints
The number is the same. What is the root of the craving genus? Anecdotic root, discreet
The root of contemplation, the asimole root, the root of not blasphemous sin, the fear of sin
The root, the root of the restlessness of the mind, the root of the vision of the anus,
The mythological root is the root of discreet contemplation, the asimetic root, the shame of sin
The root of the absence. Fear of sin is the root of unrest in the mind, this point of view
It is the root of the prognosse. “Bhagawatha” is the word of honor here (7-2) -1 that broke the lust
Should be used from where to go.

[APZ 151.2] (#apz151 .2) {#apz151 .2 .ref .apz} "All Know Asmem
Tells the prophecy “to feel” by feeling a certain signal
Justitaveda, (2-4) 12 (ii) Generations should be applied) Amovitis, Dhamma Exam
That is what says, the asmi dimension is the dimension of itself in the image, of himself in the image
About Will, the sympathology of itself in the image in the editor of the vein of the stethoscope
Conscious is the dimension of oneself, the will of oneself, the attic of oneself.
Bhag on the newsHe sowed the communitists.

[APZ 151.3] (#apz151 .3) {#apz151 .3.ref .apz} "Asmi Dimension Know All Groove
Be” all things shall be a pit, knowing the eyes of the pros, and the asmith;
He shall deter, constipate, and bring him unto the heart.

[APZ 151.4] (#apz151 .4) {#apz151 .4 .ref .apz} "In Education
A craving” is a thing that is all the omnivorous all-in-one
The approach is a word taken from the back. Cravings are image cravings, sound cravings odor
Cravings, rash cravings, touch cravings, dharmaturshna are “in education”
It is born that craving or “studying”. Realidu or Education to the heart
says. A thought mind is the dimension, the adhesion, the pendor of the bride. Manindiya,
Conscious, Conscious, Manoconsciousness, which arises from the heart and cravings
went together, came together, blended together, applied together, born together, together, together
In the idle, one object is the same.

[APZ 151.5] (#apz151 .5) {#apz151 .5 .ref .apz} "To discipline that craving
In remembrance of Hammecal, the term “always” is (i) all day
Between the ripple as the arrow from the arrow all the time of the time.
Contacted with existence, prefronted back, preface creation, flicker
Previous-age, pre-age, frost in the rainy period of the moon
The middle age part of the section is the last age part. “Dream” is
In four respects, mindfulness is determined by the fact that mindfulness is remembered
NAMI. It is remembered that mindfulness is manifested by the pain of pain.
It is remembered that mindfulness is manifested by the pain of pain. in mind
Mindfulness is formed by the mindTrue. According to the doctrine of doctrines
It is remembered that the mindfulness of the view is formed. Remembrance due to four other matters
There is no name. Remembrance because it dispel the unremembrance. Mindfulness
The doctrines are remembrance, because they are made. To dispel doctrines against the mind
Since the remembrance is in the uneven sense of the doctrines of the mind
Remembrance is the name. I have remembrance of four other things. -mindful
The name is so remembed. Remembrance, because the mindfulness is found. Mindfulness
Remembrance because of the properties. Reminder, because unmindful is unbereaved,
Another four points are remembrance. Remembed because of mindfulness
Because it was remembrance, because the name was St.
Since Buddhism is of Dharmana,
Since hemorrhagic flatulas, scabullized,
Since the Goddessness is of the Goddessness, because they are of the Goddessness:
Since the anapanus is inconspicuously, the myocardial is in the form of bodiments
Since the week is, I have remembrance of the sublime. a
As mindful remembrance is remembrance and repeated remembrance
Indyriya is unconscious, because it does not flare and does not deter
The power of the name is the mindfulness of the week, the way it is.
says. This remembrance says that the mindfulness came.
Hikmennay is three disciplines. (2-4) 1 (ii) 2 where the samans are clogged
Should be used.)

[Msdiv 152] (#msdiv152) {#msdiv152 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 3)

[APZ 152.1] (#apz152 .1) {#apz152 .1 .ref .apz} "In Education
Dharmasolid” is a person of any culinary doctrine or incarnate doctrine or one's own
It is known for some time. Great for their own properties
Split from a trowel. Extremely exalted by a very high trowel. Lay
Among the Swimdards there was a reputation. Cast, Pendatha Brigade
Ambulance is a recipient of medicine. Bear the formulas. Disciplinary
A copybearer is a Vini Dhamma speaker. Pinapathikanga
Was there. Thechivarikanga. Sapadanacharakanga
Convenient in minerals. Nezajjikanga. Reality
Segment. The Primetime Centre will be in place. The second century was a real one.
The third center is held. The fourth center was held. Akasanakhayatha
To be a socialis recipient. I am a recipient of Conscious Societies.
I am a recipient of Akijangachanagatha society. Nevasannah Nazana Societies
Cheapest. These are their own quality saws. own times, some times
Know. Wainfully know, go.

[APZ 152.2] (#apz152 .2) {#apz152 .2 .ref .apz} "Re-out properties or is
They were the virtues of the instructed teacher or the ordained teacher or the virtues.
Of which “try not” is the power of one's own quality or of the other
Do not do. Do not stiffness. The dimension does not do higher, and does not do. presumptuous
Do not mind. From it the dimension shall be nouveth, By Seven Men
The extinguisher was not said. are Buddhists by animals by shanty
by Buddha Buddha Buddha
Untold. Noticated. Undereated. Unimposed. Unplaced.
Unopened. Undivided. PropellersWas up, yoyi.

[Msdiv 153] (#msdiv153) {#msdiv153 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 4)

[APZ 153.1] (#apz153 .1) {#apz153 .1 .ref .apz} "It is the
Do not think” is (ii) eats or accents from race or tribe or patriarchs
Sapuen or from wealth or study, or from industry or craftsmanship
Other facts from science place or grade or from the policy or from the opinion
from or from

[APZ 153.2] (#apz153 .2) {#apz153 .2 .ref .apz} "does not think. Rehidu or
The same shall not think,” is from the nation or (here 1- (ii) shall be used.)
Deteriorization is unpretendous. From the nation or (should be used here 1 (ii)) dimension
Noothed,

[APZ 153.3] (#apz153 .3) {#apz153 .3.ref .apz} "Reviews
” is a kind of touch that is justified in a way.

[APZ 153.4] (#apz153 .4) {#apz153 .4 .ref .apz} "Himself is not in contrast”
Tells him to go to the third. He does not contemplate and does not come to change
Stay

[Msdiv 154] (#msdiv154) {#msdiv154 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 5)

[APZ 154.1] (#apz154 .1) {#apz154 .1 .ref .apz} "inside,” is
The lust inside is constipated. Malice is congruent. The brains are constipated.
Croction, graft hatred, virtue, par with the great oneself, eczema, deletion
Kitness, deception, courteousness, stiffness, one together, dimension, eloquence, esteem,
Size, all clauses all impostors, all tribulations, all fourteen, all
Plantations, all collection of fittings, connoisseth, dismantling, dismantling,
Ready.

[APZ 154.2] (#apz154 .2) {#apz154 .2 .ref .apz} "A Medium Way of Monk
Seek not for shanting.” is a myth by a mutual asytic path
ReverseExcept by an unauthorized route, that is, by means of the satipottas
A resource is from the main, except from the negative ones, except from the indices
Except from the powers and other than from the Central by the Lady Octagonal
Shanty is not looking for dusting. “Inside Shanthapahua” is the inside
Lust to Shanthawahu, Malice to Shanthawaahu, Moya to Shanthawathahu, Crowd
Shanathahu, Constipation, Virtue, Constipation with Himself, eczema,
Marriousness, deceitfulness, koratiziness. Stiffness, one-to-one, dimension, elemental, mythology
Size, all eloquences, all tribulations, all fourteen
All the fittings are collected, shanthawahu, twunahu, etc.

[APZ 154.3] (#apz154 .3) {#apz154 .3.ref .apz} "A Spirit or Something Not Souls
or not.” “No” is the rejection spirit is no self-view.
Something that is not soul is no fluctuating view. There is no taking oneself. Soul
Not deviated overheat. Is it possible for anyone to take, and let him get rid of him
Wei. The secrets stopped growing and harms. Going Him
No redemption. He has the habitual travel (Charana Dhamma) that he finished the rain
(10-2) (i) Mindu should be applied from where it is.) No race death recompense
He will have no fear again.

[Msdiv 155] (#msdiv155) {#msdiv155 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 6)

[APZ 155.1] (#apz155 .1) {#apz155 .1 .ref .apz} "Are the flock in the middle of the Yamseh Sea
The reference was applied under the depth of eighteen.
Seven fortalis is shocked by meat casbons. Sathelists used in the Maththathalaya
The water is shaken by the air. The fortlifters, which were put in the middle of the sea, do not melt.
Unscrupeed. UnnoticedHe was not movable. There
The waves are hemorrhaging. Stirted. Yelidu or Sapthakula Rocks
Cedent are great commons. Its water does not shake. Unscrupered. Unshaking.
Unselunae are unmovable. Its flock is hutanogenated.
Stirted.

[APZ 155.2] (#apz155 .2) {#apz155 .2 .ref .apz} "Ejah (craving)
Do not shake.” Thus is the parable word. Was there. is the cheapest
Do not shake. Do not shake at the loss. Reputation is also not shaken.
Not shaken by stigma. Do not shake in the blaze. Shocks in the humiliation
Not. The supply is also not shaken. The sadness does not shake, does not spoil.
Unshaking. There was this. “Ejah shall go unto them”
Eja tells the craving. A certain lust, a sticking stick tighten
It is the root of a metal metal. Does this craving of someone become predisable,
Dumped, first connoisseth, and was born, and conscious.
And the fire says that the cravings are indifferent, because they are indifferent.
The cheapest is also not shaken. The loss is also not shocking. Reputation shakes
Not. Not shaken by stigma. It is not shaken in the blaze.
Do not shake in the humiliation. The supply is also not shaken. The sadness is not shaken.
Unnoticed.

[APZ 155.3] (#apz155 .3) {#apz155 .3.ref .apz} "Monk Nowhere
“Do not collect” is a heath (kelles) animal. That is, Ragussaaya,
Vesuscous mucus, humane, ditsiness, cheeks
Do not do, and be nouveth. Do not cause, no matter where and within
or outsiders.

[Msdiv 156] (#msdiv156) {#msdiv156.ref .msdiv} (14 - 7)

[APZ 156.1] (#apz156 .1) {#apz156 .1 .ref .apz} "Open Eyes (Buddha)
God hath hath said, “God hath hath hath hath made. In the publicity.
In the Desk. in worms. Placed in Opening Opening Eyes
It is that the spouses have open eyes with pusses. Masinda Open
Eyes. Divasanda has open eyes. Panasinda Open Eyes
Buddha has open eyes, and open eyes. There are open eyes, and open eyes.

[APZ 156.2] (#apz156 .2) {#apz156 .2 .ref .apz}
Open eyes in the masine, and at the time of the spouses (default
In the eye) color of the soil. Neelcolor, yellowcolor, redcolor, blackcolor,
Suduranu, where the eye loam is located, it will be colored. Split
Dhikumblack “Umma” is like blue-like. It is yellowing out. Goldvanu
The well-dipped feces will be in the kindergartener. The two spheres of the eyes of the spheres
Reduwen. Was well as Reduwannahu. Believing blackened. Indiagopaka Names
Like the color of the type. The middle is blackened. Maatwurk Black Painted Non
Smoothed raw kozambua leaves resemble. There are also five Cuduunu Wei Suduunu
The feces are similar to the rash (rash). Individuals
Maasasasin, a prophylacter of self-esteem born from pre Sucharitanism
They see the day and the night. Darkness with four elements at some time
That is, whether the sun goes to the sun, Maesi Poyaweda, Hardened, Mahabakveda
Was the rain rain rain, and the darkness of the four elements.
sees. Somewhere there is a wall or a window, or a tree or a string, orIt is a cover to see the images of Veyum. One Sesame Cart Containers So Sesame Cart
If the sesame is sought, thus cleansing the recovery of the spheres
Wei. Thus the people have opened eyes in Masakinda

[APZ 156.3] (#apz156 .3) {#apz156 .3.ref .apz} "How to Guest
Divasanda have open eyes, and the prophets have exceeded the human life
Pure (ii) the seer is born, born, and diminutive, and propitiated;
Going to grief according to well-colored and miscolored karma, and to pouty.
Creatures see this little animal is impoverished by the creature
Manas from linguistique to the Lady, who was impoverished by porn.
Epitiated, they were pagan by the mythical view karma, they
Fall from evil traits, without being raised to death by the breaking of the boya
These are the earners of the bad. (iii) The pennies are the suction of the boiler.
Vachi are in Nuuvo with suction. Manas is impoverished.
The Lady had not been born. SERVICTURO SERVICTURA Optic Karma
Samadanwoo. They have good traits raised to death by breaking the body' Heaven
Birnahu Weti'i in Lokuya (ii) thus purifies beyond human life
Seen, chew, born, and diminutive, and well-colored.
Going into pouty and pouty, as faint, karma
He knows that the people will see the same host of lockers, if they wish. Loka
Two relics, three Loka relics, four Loka relics, five Loka relics
Dear. The relics of the world have been a decade. Twenty relics of the world have been sighted. World
Thirty relics were sighted. The relics of the world are satalisacAn. A relic of the world is a worm
One hundred relics of the world. Thousand see little world relics. Two Thousand Central
Loka see relics. Thri Sahri hath beheld the relic of the world. Around
If expected, look at the same time. The Divine of the Graduate:
Cleaness, and the prophets have open eyes. How
The prophets have open eyes, and the prophets have prophesies
He made great pledges, and made wide pledges. Wegasa
Pronautions made sharp pledges. Noble pledges are made. A Propagations
An adept of knowledge. Separate pledges are made. Receivated patragm. Four
Wizardry. Behold decimals. Masculine Serre. MALE MACE
(Very noble) masculine nagasekh. Genuine male. A male leader. Infinite
There are wise. There are infinite three. have infinite reputations. Instant. Great Prong
Enriched. Leader. disciplined. According to the order. Worts.
Reflect. The Prophecies of the Forceful and the Unborn
Said. Unrealized leads are made. The unstated path is stated. Pathway
Known. Discreet in the way. Skillful on the road
The Broadmen reside in margantically. The Trusts know the Teethutha
Saw the thawed. The eyes are conscious that the doctrine was the Brahman
Determine the meaning, and put up the Lord Dhamma.
The Trusts do not perceive something that they do not know
There is nothing discreetly figuring out. The past, the future, all since the present
The wise mouth of the Buddhist Buddhist all the wayForward
Arrives. (8-11) 4 From where “the wise mouth of the spouses”
Should be used to the end.)

[APZ 156.4] (#apz156 .4) {#apz156 .4 .ref .apz} How to Buddha
Open eyes with eyes, and the bushers look up the world with the eye of Buddha
Great straighteners have a soft inverter that has a sharp inverter
Fear of not having the best practice of figuring out the bad forms of good forms
Someone who was inhabiting the swirl was seen in the Upul lake or
Fent wilt or white feathers or some pointed or feathers or white feathers
Or if they are present in the water, they go according to water, and they are inside the water
Pollation is also in Wannahua. Some Upul or Foot or White Foot or Water
They grew up in water and were in the skin of water. Some Upul or
Flowers or white faucets or breeds in water and dissolves in water and
Do not stand up in the water, but Buddha from the epidermis.
The eye looks the world, the little girl is real, and the great girl is sharp
Indria is true, the good forms are bad, and the good forms are bad
Fear of the parochial, even if they could be well figuring out the ways and difficult to get rid of.
Some people who close the noble, and some who close the coarse, who do not fear the parochial
Saw the animals. This person has raga characters and this person has malicious characters
Segment, this person has his own characters, and this is a man of a decipherable character
He is an intelligent figure, and this is an intellectual figure.
Determining the ungood speech to the person who has the characters of the genus
Said. Spouses preach Maithritic Meditation to Malicious Charactersan,
Promoting how to learn the characters of the person
Teachers are employed in making intuition, and the prophets have intuitive characters
The person has a sensation and lectures the week, and the spheters have the characters.
Good enlightenment given to the person and good doctrine towards the doctrine
Convenience of the Sangkaha, and his people, and the prophets.
Intelligences Characters An Orphanic Exhibit
Nimitta Despise.

[APZ 156.5] (#apz156 .5) {#apz156 .5 .ref .apz} "At the top of a rock
Seventh thou saith unto the people, and there are five shotas that have this samathas
The Buddha rose to the faith of the doctrine of such parables
The group of people who have come down to the Jharawen Madanaha.”

So the bushmen have open eyes with Buddha eyes, how the bushers have a Buddha's eyes
He says to the Almighty Consciousness that he has open eyes, “Samathasa”
The spouses were made of the Almighty

[APZ 156.6] (#apz156 .6) {#apz156 .6 .ref .apz} "This world did not see him
Nothing. There is nothing unobsoluble. A doctrine to know
All was known. Therefore, the ascenseers name Samanthakkhu”
He has open eyes with his own eyes.

[APZ 156.7] (#apz156 .7) {#apz156 .7 .ref .apz} "Hazard Projects
Doctrine” This is not a doctrine taken from heredity
Not. Not a fragmentary doctrine. Not a doctrine taken due to arguments. Business
Not a doctrine taken by reason. Not a doctrine concised in the way. Dashtiya
Not a doctrine taken care of, but a doctrine to himself, knowing one alone.
NumeriThe doctrine is the name.

[APZ 156.8] (#apz156 .8) {#apz156 .8 .ref .apz} "Hazard Efficacy”
There are two hazards. The infestation is the same as the infestation. Promotional hazards
What, the lion, the business, the divine, the bear, the bear, the grossest bear,
Progression, Mimmuah, Serpent, Scorpio, Spatula, Unformed or Unformed
They are the thieves or people who have work. Eye disease, consonant disease, nasal disease
Diagnosis of the tongue, disease of the mouth, disease of the head, disease of the ear, disease of the mouth, dithrosis, cyst,
tuberculosis, peeling, pancreatitis, womb disease, orrhosis, red dysentery, hairy
The disease caused by hemorrhoids, great dysentery, rash, pus, hemorrhoids, urolitis,
Epilepsy, rash, itching, small blisters, neoplasms, itchy disease, High
If itching, redness, honeycoma, paralytic disease, cancer, Bhagandara, Pathinawatha
Disease, Seminar Disease, Aerythrocytosis, Threatinopathy
Disease-born disease, malignant disease, trick-born disease,
The disease from the karma rectum is winter, constipation, thirst, whether the feces are the most common.
These diseases also cause mosquitoes to drink in the lungs of the lungs of the long nation
Whether contact or infestation is the hazard of the infestation.
boys-porn, Manas visualization, Rooms of Manas, Business
Redeeming Redeemation Inflation Cooking Redeemation, Lust
Malice, brains, transplanted hatred, virtue to make the greatest of themselves and skin
Jealousy Pusticity Deception Cauerity Tightwork Together Dimension
Mine size all the tribulations all the roofs all the finer
Collectors saw these are the hazards of the shower. “Hazards” are
If there is a hazard hazard,Maintain 'Hazards If Degeneration
Arrives incarnate, for its dwelling.

[APZ 156.9] (#apz156 .9) {#apz156 .9 .ref .apz} How to overcome hazards
The hazards are crushing the person, but the degeneration is coming.
If the hazards are, then the hazards deteriorate to the danger of the infestation
Results of any Kushal Dharmayana for the Retification of any Kushal Dharmayana
In order for the correct refuselance for the correct refuselance
Indiriyawan to complete the idharamu Dhamma
In order to feel around the grooves in order to have a knit door
Four Leads in order to grow the four Sathopatas for dreaming
The Septic Powers of the Negative Powers of the Negative
In order to grow up these vastinal doctrines, to grow on the Lady Octanginal road
(1-4) 4 (ii) Hazards should be used from where the hazards go.)

[APZ 156.10] (#apz156 .10) {#apz156 .10 .ref .apz} "Hazards discipline” is
Discharge of hazards, compress of hazards, relieve hazards, dispose of hazards,
It is unpretentious nirvana. “Lord, Beneficence” is a resource
Reverse, Non-Change Reverse, Alias Reverse, Dharman Dhamma
Reverse, that there is a knit door in the indices that the people complete,
Feeling around the meal, sleeping, feeling discreet in remembrance, four satipottas,
Four Leads, Four Negative Leads, Phuchendians, Seventh Powers,
Sasara Bomedium, Lady Octangal Way, Nirvana, Nirvana, Nirvanagamini
Beneficence will also be said. Measure the posts. Measure will be imposed.
Measure the openings. Split gaugeIFSs Measure the pros. Lord, is that
The created image is emanated to the intelligences. Rehidu or
Thou hast given any doctrine, and said, and imposed, and laid out,
Open, divide, and protrude, all it is beautiful, good,
Correct, the service should be taken

[APZ 156.11] (#apz156 .11) {#apz156 .11 .ref .apz} "Prethimodeya Yelidu or
Samadhiya” is the cult called Prethimoda. Curving. Kushale Dharmala
The original behavior of the society. discipline. Corporate “Realise or Contrary” is
Stop some discipline in the mind and feel immovable, not upset, undisturbed
It is a peace of mind, a synonym of samadhi power.

[Msdiv 157] (#msdiv157) {#msdiv157 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 8)

[APZ 157.1] (#apz157 .1) {#apz157 .1 .ref .apz} "Chakshaur Loyalty
How to do” Chakshar is the locality, (i) a certain person here
Chakshar was loathed. What is not seen must be seen. What is a wood
To exceed the monastery from the monastery to the garden, and to the village.
Extended to view images from village to Kandy, country to country
The passage of the trip makes the air in the application. Thus

The Chakshar Lolawatha Wei to enter the village or into the house
At the entrance, an inconspicuously looks, a horse looks, an infantry
A people look at men, princesses look at princesses see princesses
The shops look, look at the faces of the people, look on the top, look underneath
Directional direction is given, this is the Chakur Loyalty. (ii) Realis or
Monk notices the image with his eye. Sequences will be obtained. a
CausesWakin Chakhurindiriya is a strong lobby for him who dwelt inconspicuously
Akushala Dharmayo, according to him, will not be absent, for its incarnation.
Chakurindiya does not go. Do not come to the genitourship in Chakurinda. Here
Chaksar lotion occurs. Yamsei or some of the Broad-Hammers
Drain the given troops and dwell with the funny glance they have made. A
How To, Dance, Song, Wit, Dating Panels, Viewing False Stories
Hearing, Attacking, Wickening of Dead Gravings, Drums,
Cute alarming body chirungama, Sunadeem girl, Ungaz and dance,
Washing of coffins, ivory bark, horse bark, bee bark, cow bark, goat
Polp, Sheep Polp, Poultry Polp, Crane Pole, Threaded, Mittings
Poll, Polly Poll, Bars Drill, Camps, Stirary Army, Seeing
etc. This is due to the presence of chakshur. How is the Chakshaur not the lotion, (
(14-8) 11 (i) (ii) was justified. Used not to go
Be taken.) Realidu or monk will see the image with his eye. (14-8)
(ii) “Adhidiai” should be used as “coming”)

[APZ 157.2] (#apz157 .2) {#apz157 .2 .ref .apz} "Chakur will not do loathe”
It is that the chaksar will dispel the lolliness. Fumb into the nouveth.
Chakshur will be a distant from the lolly. Napkins, Separate Restrictions
The free heart will dwell.

[APZ 157.3] (#apz157 .3) {#apz157 .3.ref .apz} "Ear cover from Grama Speech
The Grama Speech tells Twenty Thirty Beast Speech. How, (ii)
About Kings, About Thieves, About Mamaths, About Brigades, Fears
About, YuddOn food, about beverages, about garments, about food,
About dacha, About Cyan, About Males, On Fragrance, Gum About Relatives
About, About Niyamgum, About City-ons, About Colony, Swarine
About, About Men, About Suns, About the Street, About Pan Thats,
About the dead, these stories about the world, and this is about the sea
These are the stories

[APZ 157.4] (#apz157 .4) {#apz157 .4 .ref .apz} "Ear Coverage of Grama Speech
Doer” is a pit that covers the ear with Grama Speech. keeper
Protect.

[APZ 157.5] (#apz157 .5) {#apz157 .5 .ref .apz} "Will not be in the house
“The taste is (ii) root flavor, stem flavor, bark flavor, leaf flavor, flower flavor,
Nuts taste, sour taste, sweet taste, bitter taste, salt taste, alkali
(iii) some of the taste of the taste, the taste, the taste of the scalp, the cold, the temperature.
Sirmana Brahmins Aththaha. They walk around looking for granny flavors with tongue.
(10-7) (4) They must be applied from where the tongue goes.)

[APZ 157.6] (#apz157 .6) {#apz157 .6 .ref .apz} "Nothing in the locator is I
Do not take” is a mother's two. Craving mother and vision mother
(2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) shall be applied)
The vision does not deviate and does not make the eye's motherhood. Do not take. Paramuri
Do not do. Do not enter. In the image of the body in the tongue of the nose in the ear
In the cheapness of the smell of the sound on the genus of the touch of the odor of the sound
Ambulance at the brigade in China, where the reputation is provided.
In the room of the immorbient current of the image of the room in the pharmacy
Sagna in the image imageNevassannavaatta
The Future of the Past of Chathuwakara Bawawatha
What was seen in the present day shall not be the delusion of the known doctrine which touched.
Do not enter, do not enter. Any
The image is an edited version of the vertically taken consciousness. teasing
Is Hell Location (This should be used in (3-4) 6).

[Msdiv 158] (#msdiv158) {#msdiv158 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 9)

[APZ 158.1] (#apz158 .1) {#apz158 .1 .ref .apz} "Touches Sometime
Tactus” is the twenty rods touch. Pag-touch touch
It will be draped. From eye disease (here (4-4) 4 (ii) should be used)
Dahle drink masks from the touch of the air, which prolongs the sunny air
The contactness shall be the madena. Mourning wherever the monk is
Do not do is mourning mourning mourning a word of mourning a lament
Laments do not make a word, do not cause. Nowhere to be born
Wherever, no matter where, inside or inside, or outside.

[APZ 158.2] (#apz158 .2) {#apz158 .2 .ref .apz} "The craving of the jewelery
Do not do” is not desire the kama. The images do not desire the images
The jewala shall not desire. 'Do not be alarmed by the bophyth' is one
This is done by the people who are afraid of fear in a way
was.

[APZ 158.3] (#apz158 .3) {#apz158 .3.ref .apz} "What is this fearful and fearful
Arrived” was said to be an intoxication. Sinola Progression, Dioaya,
The bear, the black bear, the wolf, the horse, the ivory, the serpent, the
Scorpio Spatula Karmaor thieves with unformed karma
And these are people. Fear again in the other way. Spiritual
Fear of thought is dangerous, alarming the mind that the loam is up
National Jara Fear Death Fear Raja Fear Fire Fear Water Fear
Fear Fear Fear Fear Fear Far Flock Fear Crocodile Fear
Fear of faucets, fear of animals, fear of scabies; fear of clinging in the group
Fear of fear, fear of fear is dangerous alarming the lomu catcher
Ready. Do not be alarmed in the bhathi, is afraid people see and hear things and do not be alarmed by fear
It shall not be afraid, shall not be alarmed, the lower the lomu.
Close up again.

[Msdiv 159] (#msdiv159) {#msdiv159 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 10)

[APZ 159.1] (#apz159 .1) {#apz159 .1 .ref .apz} "Food and drink and what to eat
Ofteries” The food is rice, pittings, bread, meat, drink
If (ii) the squeezed juice of mango squeezed juice, squeezed juice of meat kehl, peas
Kehel squeezed juice honeymoon, drink pruritus, oval peas cramped juice, throat
(bitnuts) are crushed juice. There are eight beverages. Cozambo Drinking, Derburi
drink, drink masonnuts, drink githel, drink oil, drink milk, summons, intoxication,
These are the ones that go. If the food to eat (broken) flour, dishes, cramps, roots dishes, bark
Flower dishes, green dishes, fruit dishes, fruits, fruits, fruits and fruits, coma garments
Cotton garments, Kabbala objects, Linen garments, Banganum garments
Ready.

[APZ 159.2] (#apz159 .2) {#apz159 .2 .ref .apz} "Do not collect,”
It is, has not become hypocritical, does not go to a chatu bus, Nimiti Shurries
Without going to say, bring the layman's messagesWithout going to go, to search for profit from profit
Absence, without giving or giving firewood to the lay, without giving or giving trees, without giving or giving leaves;
Giving or without giving flowers, giving or giving what you want to bathe, hairy, etc.
Without, or without giving or giving, face washing, chatty speech or
glamour the virtues of the sternum, without speaking true false mixes.
Without saying allergic, but to go, and not to say home, and beasts
Without science, without elementology, without science, but not science, and the mission of the layman
Without the mission, the layman's things out of hand or moving to here
Without Moving Message Bills, Without Moving and Moving New Industries
Slowed by burning, food collection beverage additions, objects
Collect, add aromas, add aromas, add imitsions
Do not do. Nouveth. Do not cause, do not.

[APZ 159.3] (#apz159 .3) {#apz159 .3.ref .apz} "shall not have them” is
Food or undigeable beverages or undigests, garments or undigests. Cars or undigests.
Counseling or non-receiving. Away or not. Profit or not. Reputation or not.
Comments or not. Suction or non-comb robes. inflammation or
Unnoticed. Senasa or not. Ambulance medication is not taken or taken.
A submersiveizer or not. Not to be prophesy. do not say
Do not become stained. Fear will be a nuance. Do not be alarmed. Thrasa
Not. What to fear and fear is the downplayed Lomu Dankings
Whoever dwell.

[Msdiv 160] (#msdiv160) {#msdiv160 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 11)

[APZ 160.1] (#apz160 .1) {#apz160 .1 .ref .apz} "Stretching Wall Feet
Do not do loyalness (in the journey)“The Central Wind is the preeminent
It will also be done by medium. The secondary medium will also be centurized. Tertiary
It will also be done by medium. The captive will also be made by the medium. Arguments
It will also be followed by reviews. Reviews without a Comment
The medium will also be measured by the medium. Discerningly uncritiqued
Prevents. The predissipation will also be made by the predised medium. Comfortable
It will also be done by medium. The theme park will also be moderated by the theme park. Inspeksiyon
The medium will also be predised by the medium. Suunna will also be set up in the middle.
Animitta will rise in the middle of April and in the middle of Aimittha
doer. The secular medium will also be predised. Central from Lokotthara Central
Doer will respect the good meaning of the term of sitting in isolation
NAMI.

[APZ 160.2] (#apz160 .2) {#apz160 .2 .ref .apz} "Feet will not do Loyalty” is
How does the foot lolling be true, here some person has a foot lolling
Justification will be made. From the monastery to the monastery, to the garden, to the village.
A long trip to Kandy from country to country to country
The application of the dacha dwelling. The feet are stacked. Yelidu or Maunathemo
Inside the sangharama, the feet are grained. Without work and without a matter
The discolored hearts go to the purity of the unscented hearts.
Goes from the temple to the temple. Loss of men (the house with pitched winged roofs)
Loss goes to the profoundly. From the community goes to the cave from the cave to the lennen
Lectate. goes from the chamber to the chamber. Goes from the cooter to the cooter. Fesse by Fesse
Goes. The necklace goes to the necklace. To place the induction if the induction is solidThe phantom goes into place.
If instilated goes to place, if instilled. Points from the Substation Hall
Goes to the hall. The boards go to the necklace of the boards. The Tree originally goes to the Root of the Tree.
Somewhere, the bhikkhu sit and go there. There is a second to one.
Two people are three and three to four. There are many heads
Words are spoken how, stories of kings (14-8) 3 (ii) should be used)
There is a lot of feet in this way. Foot Lolliness Is Not Leg Loyalty
doer. Disposal shall be brought into the nostra. Feet flanged
Far away was a man who would dwell with unrestricted heart.
Behaveers control. Dependent. Be a rest jubilant.
In the rest there will be an alley. The center of the application of the inner heart
Be an unmistakable manifestation. Properties of the Zurals
The good meaning of the isolation of the alu in the center of the cending wind is respected
Doing passes. “Cucus shall dispel. Not too much” on the hand
Kukuda Cookuki. Kukulada Kukusaki (here (10-3) 4 (i)
Must.)

[APZ 160.3] (#apz160 .3) {#apz160 .3.ref .apz} "will dispel the cockroom” is
Cucus will dispel. Keep away. Kukusa Suncinu Wannu Kukusa
will be. Separate, naked, unrestrained heart. Kukusen Separate
will be. Ready. Not too much is the cause of concern. Frequent actions
The doer persevers. Unformed consent occurs. Undigested Theatre
Close the apartheid of the vassal doctrines. Ever I complete sil
Whoever is discreetly adhering to the filled sil or that place
Its will also try to disinfuseConscious and unwise to not go after the process
To do, courageous and determination, whether to exert the extermination of the posterity doctrines
When I have been the unformed samadhi mass, the pledge mass, the liberation mass,
The mass of liberation wise visions, whether to cause, and when I do not know the grieving
Will be known, shall the unprimitive clears be dismantled, and the unhutted road
Whoever does not make the unreproduced reagent
Its will, business, effort, strength, perseability, and mind, and well wise
Whether to apply is the impregnation of the Kastery doctrines.

[APZ 160.4] (#apz160 .4) {#apz160 .4 .ref .apz} "The seats are silent
In depositories, the bhikku will reside again, 'after' is the matching of verses,
Padapuranai. Sitting, Bed, Chair, Bissa, Messe, Pakkada, Sampada, Grass
These are the seats, which are the leaves, the straw, the seat. And Senasa,
The temple, the house like the wings of the gurus, is the higher bonusage.

[APZ 160.5] (#apz160 .5) {#apz160 .5 .ref .apz} "Monk of Silent Plains
Dwell” is in places where there are little sounds, where there are little shsha
In places where there is no persecution from men, where men resort to secret affairs,
Behave in the senasas suitable for grit rest. Dwell. posture
Conducting the dependent.

[Msdiv 161] (#msdiv161) {#msdiv161 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 12)

[APZ 161.1] (#apz161 .1) {#apz161 .1 .ref .apz} "Sleepage does not make abundant” is
The night day was two parts and five parts were held in the statue. One section of the horn
Yu

[APZ 161.2] (#apz161 .2) {#apz161 .2 .ref .apz} "Kelce Tayanan Theorem Available
Drowsiness will spoil” is the most day of this plant.Manning
Work cleanses the heart from the doctrines of cover. Night Primetime
The mind is disciplined with the doctrines of cover by the walkway and work.
It is well discreet to remember that the middle of the night is put together the pine foot
And the right hand will hear the signal of upheaval, and make the sayings. Night Prisms
Clean the heart from the doctrines of cover by getting up in Yamaya and working on the walkway
doer

[APZ 161.3] (#apz161 .3) {#apz161 .3.ref .apz} "Drowsiness
The doer” is the drowsiness of the drowsiness. The service will be done.

[APZ 161.4] (#apz161 .4) {#apz161 .4 .ref .apz} "Kelles Thuthu Are Available”
Tells the vein. From the Heathly Checular Hermage
The strong efforts of the Justices' perspective were not loosened
There are no words, there is unhashed will, there are unbundled words,
The power was firmly taken, the power of the veeryendriya, the power of the herd,
A resource business, efforts came to be made by Kelles Tayanu
The name is the only one.

[APZ 161.5] (#apz161 .5) {#apz161 .5 .ref .apz} "Malness Deception Laughter
There is a certain amount of glamour, and the game shall decorate it.”
Thick Adda, a sloth is a sloth, says this Nandya, deception is
deceptive behavior. Some person here is in Kain's visity, in a word
To a lone desire due to the fact that the heart of the visitus is in the heart of the heart and closes it
Basi. Thinking I do not know I think I do not know. Words I do not know
says. I don't know Kayon is trying. Any such deception is an illusion
This is a sin act that does not open a hide of a hindrance
deceptive says. “Smile”is a certain person here, excessive time teeth
This was disproved by the people who laughed and laughed at the same time.
Many times in the Lady's discipline there is a laugh and it belongs to the children
says.

[APZ 161.6] (#apz161 .6) {#apz161 .6 .ref .apz} are two games called "Sports”.
Physical sport is also the game of tact. What is physical sport? with infiltration
Playing. Playing with seats. Players are played by cars. From the bows
Sports. Eight-foot (played with a danpli alumni. Ten Feet
Playback in the game. Game in the sky. jumping off the ground rot
Sports Dadukah will play Nosolva. Gangs. Dice
Straigher. Ivy images of walls with stripes in the mud
Cart Ball Straigher. Seyath, Blow Games, Blow. Thalapatha, etc.
Kannan Guruwa Sports and Sand Grain from the Leaf Bowl. Small
Sports by car and play by small bow. Lettering bed in the sky or on the outside
Sports and imagined readings etc. and games up to those images
Karate. These are the boye-athletes. Which are the tact games? The drum called the mouth,
Oral name Ecas drum, Oral vena, Oral boiler, Oral Panabar (Inserted)
It is the game of tact to do these, to play the nostrings, to dance songs.
“The Maithurana doctrine is a certain unharmed doctrine, which is a Grama doctrine.
A doctrine is a union of two lone secrets who have porn words.
In what kind do I say the Maithurana doctrine? From the rash from the room, from the rash
The doctrine was similar to two people who were suppressed and conquered. This is the Maithurana doctrine in the matter
says. Two disillusioners sayamsehCases for two speaking
Information for two people who are debating two who are claiming
Two Speakings tell these sayings and raging views from the epidermis
It is the same doctrine for two men. That fact goes the Maithurana doctrine
Saw. A beautiful two-part part named 'beautiful' has the 'beautiful' thing that belongs to the layman
Swimdards also have beautiful things. Which is beautiful for the layman? That is, beards, necklaces,
Fragrance, fused, jewelery, platters, objects, friends, seats and hells, hairy
Lifters, Garments, Plains, Creams, Mirrors, Allows, Series Cosmetics, Oral
Chouthless, Mukhalepa, Binding in the hands, Rod, Sword, Umbrella,
These are decorative sandals, foreheads, gem, valvidana, vandura, foresight
The layman's plaat. Which of the Pawydah's platters? Chevara Jewarra, Bowl Jewelery
Senasana Jewelery, wearing the exterior of this garbage, its desire to decorate,
These are the jewelery of the Pawydah, the capriciousness. “Malleness, deception, laughter
Game, maze, decorate, dare” is malice, deception, laughter,
The game is decorated with the Maithurana doctrine, with the entourage, and with the goods
The purity will also be imperceptified. Disposal. Bring them into unborn.

[Msdiv 162] (#msdiv162) {#msdiv162 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 13)

[APZ 162.1] (#apz162 .1) {#apz162 .1 .ref .apz} "Atherana and Swapana
Neither do the plant of marking. Also do not cream” is the city or
Sunnium on the enemies of the Mine brigade when a war was surrounded or arrived
Causes of dysentery, fearful, trickle, solanum disease
And the blood will cause dysentery, and thus the men will be. Dreams
Sayers DreamsThorath, whoever has a dream in the daytime, thus rewarding
Wei. Whoever knows a dream of medieval time, what a reward is such. Whoever
In the evening there is a dream, but there are such rewards. Someone's dream before
Eczema has such consequences. What is a dream in the middle, and what the consequences of this
There will be. It is a dream of porn, but there are such consequences. Whoever
On the right there is a dream, but there are such consequences. Whoever
On the left there is a dream, but there are such consequences that someone is on the top
A dare dream will have such consequences. Someone is underneath
There are such consequences, one knows the moon in a dream, and someone knows the sun, and someone is loud
And whoever knows the Samurai, and whoever knows the king of the rocks, and whoever knows in, and whoever knows
One knows a horse, and one knows a riad, and one knows an infantry, and one is a maasasena
One knows a monastery, and whoever spawned a monastery, and whoever spawned a monastery
A land, and a pond in which one has made, thus dreams:
Score Sayers describe dreams.

[APZ 162.2] (#apz162 .2) {#apz162 .2 .ref .apz} "Feature Schemes
Describe Characteristics” is a trace, stick feature, object feature,
Sword feature, arrow feature, weapon feature, male feature,
Princess princess, Dass feature, Husty feature, Horse feature,
Beeken feature, leader bulls feature, normal bulls feature, goat
feature, Sheep feature, chicken feature, bitch feature, Goy feature, Kernica
feature, casubu feature, crouching feature or redirecting

[APZ 162.3] (#apz162 .3) {#apz162 .3.ref .apz} score thus
Testimonial Nakay Tayers. Twenty and twenty. This
It is necessary to pay without a payment. This should be tied to the head-bearing jewelry. This
Marriage proposal should be taken from the Nakatanthi. The Naked Seed Nebula (Harvest Cutting)
MUSSULA. So do not know how to reside in this way, but do not say.
Saws in detail.

[APZ 162.4] (#apz162 .4) {#apz162 .4 .ref .apz} "Awardana, Swapana
Characteristic plant, nor does it do not,” is the mantras
Swapana, and the plant of characteristics, and not not, shall not behave.
It does not behave or will not redo, and will not consider
Do not?

[APZ 162.5] (#apz162 .5) {#apz162 .5 .ref .apz} "Knowing the Voice of Beasts and Pregnancy
To do not associate with the Buddhist,” is the virtue of which
The word of the beasts is the words of the beasts, even if they describe the words of the beasts.
The sound of birds or beasts or weeping is known, thus the words of beasts
Sayers describe the following phrases. Pregnant people are pregnant. Two Points
Gastroenteriym does not cause. From worms or air cramps. Worms or air
Two drugs to expel or dispel, thus causing pregnancy to pregnant people
“Wetterkakaa” is a stethoscope. Compulsion of copper etc.
Inhalation therapy, boditherapy therapy for relapse diseases
“Madaka” is a Buddha Madaka, a Buddha Madaka,
Dhamma Mamakaka'

[APZ 162.6] (#apz162 .6) {#apz162 .6 .ref .apz} "Heathemah or Loyalty
Masturizes Him. Accepts the person or that person.
This was said by the adherents: “Is this monk hypocrisy,
The village before the jagaththahua Chatubus KaynahudahaWhat dimension is true, agree
This bhikkhu is not unmammary, but this is not a man, and that bhikhu
And they left this plant. A bhikhu to be promoted to grow in this plant
absent. Mahaniya, some monks are not hypocritical, and chatubus
Not to say, but to walk in front of them, and the harmonious minds,
Monks are mammals. Mahani, the monks did not leave this Dhamma discipline.
Mahani, though the monks come to high to grow in this plant.

“They are undisturbed by the unrest of the movement before the hypocritical tightness
Though God does not come to grow in the Desic Plant, there is no hypocritical stiffness
They are calm without moving before Budurajanan
Desitha comes to grow in the plant.

“The voice of animals, and pregnancy, and even mammary, do not serve.
Do not behave, redo or not, ignorant, and not consider.

[Msdiv 163] (#msdiv163) {#msdiv163 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 14)

[APZ 163.1] (#apz163 .1) {#apz163 .1 .ref .apz} "shall not be shaken by reproach”
is some one here from race or tribe or patriarchy or
By color or wealth, or by learning, or by propagation or by other
In a matter or reproach the monk. Gherha Karath. Appliance Reproach
Gharha was created by humiliation from the garma.
Allergic from the stigma shall not be shaken. Unnoticed. Do not be disempated,
Be not afraid, be not afraid, be not alarmed, and the five fear is fearful
There are the lower lomusts that dwell.

[APZ 163.2] (#apz163 .2) {#apz163 .2 .ref .apz} "Maunawathathathathana
What does not do” is that some here are earthyExpensing to the Proposals. From the nation
or from the tribe or the clan or hue, or from wealth or learning, or
either by academia or by craftsmanship or by science or by air
Prophesy from or from another object. Thanks cart,
Properties saw, glamour, glamour,
Thankful thanks will not cause the superiority of glamour, the dimension
Do not cause stiffness, from which the dimension shall be nouveth, and from it shall stiffen
There shall be no one, and the head raised by dimension shall not be a man.

[APZ 163.3] (#apz163 .3) {#apz163 .3.ref .apz} "Lobies with Motivation
If the lobby is a lobby, it is possible to make a logarithm.
Allerness is a strict lobby, a root is a sedentary soil.
It should be used here (6) 2 (ii))
Pizziness.

The action is that there is a lot of emotion, a hatching, an opposition,
irritating irritating irritating irritating irritating irritating irritating
A business is a business like an opposition, a turbulent, a tear down
It is the unpleasing of the emotion.

Some person here says a kayalam if “kayalam”. Hear from this
It is said that these are locating or heard in order to break down
And these are told to break the person. Breaking through the concomitants
In order to support the breeders, the alley of the allocation is applied in the alley of the allocation
Separation words are said. This says the code. Stop two points
causes. How to have a favorite or brew with the intention of having a brew,
I will make the singles willingly, and I will be a favorite for him. preferential
I will be a believer. I will be an intern. Conscious Heart
Wannemi thus Pryyabav willingly causes the singles. How to break
How shall the singles be formed, how shall they be separated, and the kind shall be two part
Badenahua and Unawannahua in the separation of the inconvenience of the dwelling
Pleasure is said for booking order. This is the code says to stop facts
Two collects the singles. by the consent of the priorship or by the consent of breaking, or
Ready. How is the singles gathered by the will of the innate, and this is a favorite
I will be. I will be a fanatic. An intern who will be a trustworthy
I will be a good heart and thus gather the genitals willingly.
How to collect the singles at the will of breaking, and how to separate the parts
Wannahua and Divide are not added, but the ease is the doer of sorrow.
Thus collects the singles with the idea of breaking “The Lobby and Cage with the Cage and the Cage
The distance is the lobies, the fish, the crusher, and the code. Disposal.
Done. Do not be born.

[Msdiv 164] (#msdiv164) {#msdiv164 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 15)

[APZ 164.1] (#apz164 .1) {#apz164 .1 .ref .apz} "Transfer
“Do not” is a particular transaction that was relegated to discipline. It's this
The meaning was not expected. How to Transaction, Cutters and
Bowl or robe with the hosts, or any other piercing or deceptive
Growing up is what takes their thing and what is his own thing:
Applicates in the transaction. How not to make transactions, means the scripters and
Bowl or robe with the hosts or other piirakak or deceptive
Looking forward to an increaseWhat does the other take in their own thing
Thus, the transaction is not available. Do not be in the customer. Do not.
The transaction will be discounted. Constipation. Distance, and flourse into the nostra.
Far from the transaction. Be a separant. Separated yard capping
The untreated heart will close.

[APZ 164.2] (#apz164 .2) {#apz164 .2 .ref .apz} "Respect where the monk is
What are the girl who will not cause the girl”? have a negative seer
There are certain Brahmins known to others. They see at a distance
Even if not seen near. Sithinda know the heart. The minds of other people who have a positive seer
The known godels are also Aththa. Even if they see them at a distance. Near not to see the heart
Know they are from medicinal claths or middle claths, or from medial claths
Which of the claisseur or the doer, the pharmacist clayezes? bodice,
They are medicinal clesias, manas visocious, these are the vaginal clesias.
Which are the central clesias? Kama dissent, business dissent, funny dissent
If these are the middle clayezes, then what are the delicate ones? Cousins, States
Compersion, Amara Compension, Disorder of Imitation of Comment for Eons, Profitability Care Reputations
Confusingly, the dissent of dissent, the subtleties of dissent
Saws of the hinges. A pharmacological claveen or central claveen
There are finer clausses or not deviates, which have appended clasions
Do not do, and be nouveth. Conducting the demise. Gearing Clessings
Be a distant man, and shall dwell with unrestricted heart
Ready. “Wherever” is either inside or outside or inside.

[APZ 164.3] (#apz164 .3) {#apz164 .3 .ref .apz} "How is not in the village”
Does the village collide? The monk here and the whole of the village are happy together
Shockawara is a luxury, whether the grieving dwells in time of suffering,
Arrives to give their help when the work arrives. Elai, Mezili village
Cash in the village, Yalidu or Mahana at the same time at the third am
Take and behave to go to the village or to the niyamvillage. Undeceived
From unspoken mindfulness inconspicuously inconspicuously undeniable indulgences
And then it clashes, and it will take that place. It is bound to the adversity of the Than
Arrives. How does the elai in the village of Melesa, here the monk lay in the village
And inhabited inconspicuence. Not happy together, when they are not happy together
It is not supplied and does not suffer in time. When a work has occurred, their own
The effort is not applied there. The village of the mezilah is unclenched. Yalidu or Bhikkuwa Preamuwa
Panawawa bowl robes

The cachers who had been taken into the village or niyamvillage or deceived by the word that was deceived
The mindful indices that are drawn by the heart are not in the same place.
It does not take it, that place is offline, and that place does not come to adversity. Here
“It is not in the village,” not in the village, and not in the village.
Be not an offline, not a giveaway, and not have been left unnoticed
There is a separation of life, because the Brahman is inhabited by such spirit
Ready.

[APZ 164.4] (#apz164 .4) {#apz164 .4 .ref .apz} "Cheapest Willing Chatting with People
Do not do. What to speak or speak? Cheap Care Reputations
Lokahara with eyes that have glowed to Aris, with the desire of the papa.
Awaku's YambanuA speech to address to the other Discussion Chatu
Like Muggasoopah, the properties before a true false mixer
There are loose words that have soft words somewhere in it, clairvoyant
This is the fact that there are words, that there are no evil, that is, that is, that is, again with people in two things
Speak. Placing themselves or in the lower position and placing the mutual in the higher position
Speak to the mutual. How do they put themselves lower and put them in higher position?
“Theppy has been a lot of help to me. This is due to the Covers, Pendapatha Senasune Ambulance
Medications will be taken. Because of what to do or think or think of it.
Touches, I have the name of my ancient mother father. It also unmemory me.
Because of the lips, I know that the tower is the tower of the township. Peek themselves
Put in the place and speak, placing the mutual in the higher place. How to put themselves in a higher place
I have a lot of help, though the mutual will speak down. Because of Tepy Me
Buddha Sarana is a giyahu. Dhamma Sarana is Gayahu. Animals
By dying, robbing, misbehaving in the room, by liar, by drinking Rahamera
Hakkahu. I will also make the delivery. I solve the problems. Fertilizer
I am. Determine the newcomer. So, Tepy Care for Me and Angry
Do, respect? Allowance, this place himself higher and where he is lower
Keep and speak to the people.

[APZ 164.5] (#apz164 .5) {#apz164 .5 .ref .apz} "Profit stories to willing people
Do not.” Profit due to profit, with the intention of making profit.
Speak not to the people to complete. Distance to speak. Noothed
will be. (deceitful) will be a distance from speech with an unrestricted mind
Close

[Msdiv 165] (#msdiv165) {#msdiv165 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 16)

[APZ 165.1] (#apz165 .1) {#apz165 .1 .ref .apz} "The Fastest Stories
Not to be” is that here some person will speak bragging. I am
“Say a healer or a healthiest, or a scrub
Activate, or by race or tribe, or patriarchy, or
By color or wealth or by learning, or by craftsmanship or by craftsmanship or
By science or grade or by understanding, or by other point, or superior
Say an ordicant from a flask or a great crossover or very
I know the formulae or the formulas from a great set of troopes, or
Disciplinary or Dharmacist Vemii or Araganaka Vemii or (3-3)
5 (ii) Should be used from the place of “Rukkana Base” to the place where they go)
Nevasannah is a socialitarian' or boasts. Thus
Do not boast. Bragging is the farthest. Send to the nourge.
From boasting, the detachment was close by the unrestricted heart
Ready.

[APZ 165.2] (#apz165 .2) {#apz165 .2 .ref .apz} 'Words Related to Cineport
Not to say.” What are the words related to China? Some person here
Tells stories of robes. Tells stories about the pubic. Tells stories about the Senasana.
This information tells stories about the drug purified in ambulance (about chandaradhara)
The story is spoken. Senasana due to pindapatha due to realiu or robes
The fact is that the ambulance medicine is due to the purified. Lies tell. Keslam also says.
It also says non-kelam words. Evil words also say. It also says words that are not evil.
Hisswachananaha says Also says words that are not empty. Says enough words too. Fats
The word is sawing. Yelidu or gorgeous heart says to the other 'Oh
If I hear my doctrine, and give me the name of the Dharma
If they do a thing that will be impressed, he said. Fatty is the word sawing.
Practical words are words from the subordinate
Not saying words. Do not make business. Favorable words are removed.
Be a distance from the word of the word, which shall be made unto him. Separate
Send with unrestricted heart. “Not in the unscrupulled tree
(Do not give) three unplaced traits. (Here (10-5) 5 where 'i.e.'
Should be used from)

[APZ 165.3] (#apz165 .3) {#apz165 .3.ref .apz} "Undumped
No” is not in the unhinged gloom. Take it without behaving
Do not exist. Be a distant from the uncast glow, which shall be unto the unborn.
Separate, the unrestrained heart shall close.

[APZ 165.4] (#apz165 .4) {#apz165 .4 .ref .apz} "Do not speak for the cause of the thigh”
What are the stories that cause the stir? Someone here is talking like this. You
This Dhamma does not know discipline (8-9) 1 From where 'you do not know this Dhamma discipline'
Should be used.) The swell, if possible, is saved from the dacha. This is
Despensation by the Graduate. Abundant stories about the cause of the thigh
Speech is to be expected. Unrestlessness, which has abundant talk.
The restless is unrestrained. Sangwarunuwahu's heart causes sadness
Do not speak, nor shall they speak stories which cause the thigh, nor shall they be proclamated.
Do not do, and the torment shall be brought into the nostra. From the speech of the cause of the thigh
Be a man, shall be a separator, shall be a separator, shall not be limitedFruit
Close out.

[Msdiv 166] (#msdiv166) {#msdiv166 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 17)

[APZ 166.1] (#apz166 .1) {#apz166 .1 .ref .apz} "Will not be found in blasphemism
(7-6) 3 shall be used) 'shall not be in blousse' is in the blousse'
Do not go, do not come, do not go, do not collect, do not dispel the fastity
The doer shall be brought into the nouveth, and shall be a man from the bliss, and shall be separated.
Send with unrestricted heart.

[APZ 166.2] (#apz166 .2) {#apz166 .2 .ref .apz} "Know
What does not do”? Some person here
This is the fact that there is a certain faculties in it. “Know
Kaureticity shall not do” is know and shall not do fetishness, which shall not be unborn
Do not take away koratiticity, and make it into nouveradah.
A man who is separated and dwells with unrestricted heart

[APZ 166.3] (#apz166 .3) {#apz166 .3 .ref .apz} "Re-life or
Think not by sign or by acclaim, or by mutual,” again
The term Yanu is a term match. Lyrics are a sacral. An application for luxury here
Some person lives from the image life, the prophetic organism is Karapa
Reinates the mutual. 'What? This is what he eats so much. How to clamping
The seed that originates from the seed of the root seed of the trunk
The seed that arouses is the fifth, and he is like a lump. Teeth name
True. He is an embodiment chief. 'Heathly the image from the organism
The organism is distinguished by the human being. Some person here
The human living by the organism is the one who lives in the form of a puppet. Know? At the same timeAlso
PICTURE.

Alpe is a Chinese Chinese Pindapatha Senasun is a non-prescription of ambulance medicine.
Heathen reproaches the mutual living from that prophesy. HERE
Some person becomes discreet. The reviews also solve the issues.
He gets this idea. I am discreet. These men are not discreet. Hemly
A pledge reproaches the mutual by the tradition. Some person here is a cold
Was healthy. The prethimoscopy is inhabited by the Sanvara. Academically and
Gauwara was fearful swirl precepts even in the little Mathara Exhaust
The verses inhabit the equals. He gets this idea. I am cold. This
The other Bhikkhu are the sins of the sins of the scrub.
Reinates the mutual. Some person here became active.
was incarnated or spasms or was pansicular, or was causative or
Reconcised or nephrolized or recovered. To him this
The idea is. 'I am active. These mutants are not unhealthy. '
He also despise the mutual.

[APZ 166.4] (#apz166 .4) {#apz166 .4 .ref .apz} "Re-life
He does not convey the mutual through the scrub.” is from the pictographic organism or the prophetic
From the organism or the pledge resource, or from the cold resource, or from the genitourism, or
The mutual does not convey. Thou shalt not dismantle from it which thou hast nourish mann
A man shall not be a man, and a head lifted by dimension.

[Msdiv 167] (#msdiv167) {#msdiv167 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 18)

[APZ 167.1] (#apz167 .1) {#apz167 .1 .ref .apz} "Many words corrupted by exteriors'
or in many other words” is corrupted by tieReproach
“Tempted” “Mothers” is a departure from this
He came into the sanctity. In many words, are trimesters
Brahmins, Holy Spirit, Household, Prophecies, God, Men
They are the incarnate of many words of many malicious miscarded.
The copp doer, the opposite, the persecutor, the exhaustive doer.
Having heard and learned many words of their malicious disgraced
Ready.

[APZ 167.2] (#apz167 .2) {#apz167 .2 .ref .apz} "Return to them from Pharusa Word
From the Pharous Word, which is evil, back from the Word of the Word of the Word.
Do not disable. Do not return. Return Actions to Reverse
Do not do. Kopp shall not be returned unto him. Tighs Back to the Tighter
Do not wiggle. No Debate & Debate
The breeds will be torn, and keep away. Kalaha Bandana Wigra Debate
Be a distant one. The detached niche dwells in the unrestricted heart.

[APZ 167.3] (#apz167 .3) {#apz167 .3 .ref .apz} "The Sentenced Person is Opposition
Do not do the thing” in “St., because the lust is congruent.” Malice
Because of the connoisseurs, the name of St. Since the brains are congruent, the name of St. (3-4) 1 Year
Should be used.) Since all the collectors are congruent, twisted away
Since gone, St. “He that is shalt not do the opposite thing” is
Even if the person does not contest opposition acts against them,
Nouvedly,

[Msdiv 168] (#msdiv168) {#msdiv168 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 19)

[APZ 168.1] (#apz168 .1) {#apz168 .1 .ref .apz} "Know This Doctrine”
The supposed DeshannahOpened, Divide Promotions
This doctrine is “Know” by knowing and making a decision.
If not known, the whole is heterogeneous, the road, the guilt and the reprimand
Know the doctrine of the white and the discreet, the garages, and the discreet, the penasna.
If this doctrine is known, if it is not possible to make a decision
Reverse Reverse Reverse Reverse Alias Reverse
Dharmana Dhamma Reverse, which has a closed door in the innate that the people are prone to
That is, that there is a feeling around the meal. Sleepness, Remembrance Discreet, Four
Four Sathipatatans Lead Four Irdhi Footages Phayachendiriya
Nirvana, Lady Octanga, Nirvana, Nirvana
Gamini refusals, knowing the doctrine and making a decision.

[APZ 168.2] (#apz168 .2) {#apz168 .2 .ref .apz} "Monk Thinking in Hamakal
Thinking is what to think about,” what to look like?
What determines is that all the editors do to do is unreal (here
(12-17) 4 Should be used from where all go) A doctrine born for some reason
Adda decides to look at it all in order to ruin
Bhikhu, who think to be prophesies. All Time
(14-2) 5 (i) shall be used up to four other matters.)
“Hikmennah” is three disciplins. HIGH HIGH HEARTINA HIGH
Pickers are precepts. These three precepts are remembrance: (2-4) 1 (ii)
From the end of the 2 month to the end of the day)
Stay there.

[APZ 168.3] (#apz168 .3) {#apz168 .3 .ref .apz} "Know”
Ragaya's extinguisher is Shanthia, used in the 1st month of Dheshaya's Mohe (3-9)
Must.) Looking forward to knowing that all the collectors will be in the assembly.
Decisions

[APZ 168.4] (#apz168 .4) {#apz168 .4 .ref .apz} "In the church of the Gauthamans
Do not be enough 'is the jin of Buddhasasasana of the tree of Gauthamans
The ascending of the plant is in the plant of Arhath, in the divine of the plant, in the plant of God
Ready.

[APZ 168.5] (#apz168 .5) {#apz168 .5 .ref .apz} "is not enough”
Prepare of doctrines; (ii) a frequent doer
Be a dealer without being. Be a Dealer
He shall be the unfulfillment desire, and he shall be the unfulfillment. When I
When will I fill the unfilled Zodiac, and when will I fill the Unfilled Samadhi Zodiana,
When will the mass liberation of the mass of the emancipation conscious scenes fill the mass
I will know the unknowable woes, and will dispel unconscious elbows,
The undecomposed road will be decomposed, undecomposed rechargable
If one does not do its will, and business, and effort, and great effort
Basna and mind, wise, and application of virtue, and the apartheid of Kushal Dharms
Ready.

[Msdiv 169] (#msdiv169) {#msdiv169 .ref .msdiv} (14 - 20)

[APZ 169.1] (#apz169 .1) {#apz169 .1 .ref .apz} "Undigested in Kelce
“Maddy” means “Maddy” is the image of the madman, the sound
Diffuse odor extruded, rude exudder, contact exudder, clayey doctrines
The drainage does not have any clayey. Smoked Laminerated Straighten
The grievous consequences of the slave who will reinvent a troveThi Re-Death
We maintain the Akushal doctrines that are brought about.

[APZ 169.2] (#apz169 .2) {#apz169 .2 .ref .apz} "untrickled oneself
If the doctrine is the doctrine of “the doctrine”, then this is:
In Nuu. This did not come from heredity. Partitions were not made. Reasons of reasoning
Not as anthology and not for reasons. Not by arguing about how
Not in terms of view. The third saw the doctrine to him, knowing himself.

[APZ 169.3] (#apz169 .3) {#apz169 .3.ref .apz} "Hence those
So is the matter of the fact that “Goes in the Plant of His Plant”
By the way it comes from sleep. It is in the church of the spasphemers
Jinan in the church of the Buddhist, in the Goumama Plant, in the Buddha
Arhath in the plant of God to God in the place of the plant of the plant.
Ready.

[APZ 169.4] (#apz169 .4) {#apz169 .4 .ref .apz} "Apr in Hamecal
He worships accordingly,” said the prophets. Going
Approx is the process of the Kuscal doctrines (here (14-19) 5 (ii)
Requer to apply). Hammakal is every time and every time
(14-2) 5 (i) to be applied where remembrance) of the last age
Ready. Worshiped are the cans or worshiped by word or
Worshiped by heart or worshiped by meaning
Worshiped by the policy or by the doctrine policy or
Worshiped are care will be honred and multidimensional
Three-discipline is considered “according to Hickman”
Advertise precepts, adhibitory precepts. (2-4)1 (ii)
To be used from the end of the 2 month.) These superordinations are tenets. This discipline
Thinking of the three is done in Hickman. Reduces are made in Hikmene.
Behave. Samans are maintained. “Bist” is the Word of Honor ((1-2)
1 Should be used from where they go.) A Bhagawa is
Promised Imposition

[Gutatakasuthaniddezno] {#note701 .var
title="tukasuthaniddeezo (suthnipathepi) (mr) "} chudzamo.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Ayya Kathrin Vimalañāī] {.editor}.