Salute the Worldham, Allohan, and all over the world.
Sub-section
 Taitaiso Classic
 1 a group of eight products (eight groups)
 1. Instructions to be made
 1. when he desires, if it is successful for him,
 Indeed, he was delight: the one who died got what he wanted.
 “When He desires”: “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires from the filming: the desire of things and the desire of pollution. What are the desires of things? The color of the consensual, the sound of consensual, the smell of consensual, the sense of the touch, padding, clothing, maid servant, goat and sheep, chicken pigs, like cow mule, fields, homes, gold, gold coins, villages Town capital city, country, land, treasury, warehouse, any thing that will be corrupt is the desire of things.
 In addition, there are the desires of the past, the desires of the future, the desires of the present, the desires of themselves, the desires of the outside, the desires of the inner and the outside, the inferior desires, medium desires, the desire of the wills, the desire of the bitter, The desires of the present, created, uncreated, created by others, desires that have been held, unoccupied desires, desires of cherished, uncherished desires, desires that are not cherished, the desires of all wills, all colors The desire of the law, all the desires of the law without color, are based on thirst love, thirst for righteousness, for righteousness, to be enchanted for righteousness, to be enchanted for righteousness, these are called the desires of things.
 What are the intentions of pollution? Wills, Greedy, Wills, Wills of Intent, Greed Wills, Intent Greedy Wills, Wills, Wills, Joy of Wills, Desiring Love, Willed Love, Wills The obsession, the desire to take, the flow of desire, the yoke of desire (bondage), the execution of the desire, the will cover.
 “Seeing the roots of desire, that thou shalt be created by thought,
 I will not think only thee, so that the desire will not exist.” [Jat.8.421]
 These are known as polluting desires. “When He desires”: “When he desires, when he wants, when he takes it, when he desires, when he desires, when he prays.” For when he desires.
 “If it succeeds for him”: “If to him,” to the Chattley, or Brahmen, or Bisha, or the Sudala, or in family, or out of the family, or heaven, or for people. “That,” those who are called the desire of things: the desired color, the sound of the consensual, the smell of the consensual, the taste of the consensual, the desired touch. “Success”, he accomplished, succeeded, received, received, acquired, owned.” If it succeeds for him.
 “Indeed, he is interested in joy”: “Indeed, it is the decisive (always) language, a word of doubt, a word of confidence, a word of no doubt, a word of no doubt, a word of instruction, a word without error [, the words of no failure], This is the word “sure”. “Joy”, the joy, joy, joy, joy, laughing, laughing, happiness, satisfaction, joy, joy, joy of heart are full of joy. “Meaning”, all hearts, intentions, hearts, hearts (heart), white (whites), meaning, intentions, roots, consciousness, knowledge, and those who correspond to that consciousness, this is called meaning. This intention is by this joy, birth, mixed, corresponding, same homology, same extinction, the same place, the same place, the same fate. “He has joy,” he has joy, laughter, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy, joy. For indeed he had a delight.
 “A dead person gets what he wants”: “After getting it, after receiving it, after receiving it, after obtaining it, after possession. “The Man of Death” is a human being, human, student Brahman, man (man), individual (Buttergaro), life, to the born, affection, to the Indra, the man born of Monu. “Whoever wants,” whosoever wants, receives, prayers, every desire, praying for color, or voice, or smell, or taste, or touches. After people who die get what they want.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “When he desires, if that succeeds for him,
 Indeed, he was delight: one who died got what he wanted.”
 2. if the person who desires: affection for the intentions that have arisen,
 Those who want to decline, as he is annoyed by an arrow through the ground.
 “If be the one who desires”: “If be the one,” be the Chatriel, or Brahman, or Bisha, or the Sudala, or in the family, or out of his family, or heaven, or man. The “Seeker”, who wants, accepts, desires, desires, prayers, and desires in his desire to carry away, take away, carry, carry and carry, such as being like a car (ride), carriage, cattle, goat car, ram car, Camel car, donkey carriage, carry away, take away, transportLoading, handling. Similarly, he was wanted to carry away, take away, carry, and carry with his thirst.” For if to be the desirer.
 “Affection for the desire that has arisen”: “Wills”, whoever desires in the desire, greed, joy of desire, thirst love, desire of love, take of desire, burnt heat of desire, obsession of desire, The yoke of desire, the execution of the desire, the will of his desire is covered, and his desire is born, born, born, born, and appears. “For affection,” to the human beings, human beings, students Brahmen, man (man), personal (Tegalore), life, to the born, affection, to the Indra, the man born of Monu. For the affection of the intentions that have been born.
 “Those who want to decline”: “or those who want to decline, or he decay from all desires. What are those who want to recession? When he retains those wealth, the kings take them, or the thieves take away, or fire, or water away, or by unadorable heirs, or they are not found in storage, or destroyed by the wrong cause, or at home. The loss of the family caused, where those wealth is scattered, destroyed, and destroyed, is [this] eight kinds of immense states, such as those who want to recession, decline, loss, fall, disappear, broken. How was he declining from all his desire? When he kept those wealth, he died, died, destroyed, so that he was from those who wanted to recession, decline, lost, lost, disappeared, disappeared, broken.
 “The kings of the thieves took away, fire burned, destroyed,
 And finally left, [left] remains, property.
 When the wise knoweth this, they should take and give them.
 If they are able to give and apply, without fault to the natural world. [SN.1.41]” for those who want to recession.
 “If he is annoyed by an arrow through the ground”: “If he is worn by an iron arrow, or a bone arrow, or a dental arrow, or a horn arrow, or by a wooden arrow, he is annoyed, angry, annoyed or persecuted, Become a patient, a worried person. In the same way, the desire of things becomes easy, mutation sadness, sorrow, bitterness, worry, despair, he is thrown through arrows or arrows, he is annoyed, angry, annoyed, persecuted, become sick and worried.” To be annoyed for him as he was shot through the ground.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “If the one who desires: affection for the will that has arisen,
 Those who want to decline are annoyed as they are shot through the ground by arrows.
 3. whosoever doeth away from desire is like his feet against a snake head
 He transcends, love in this world.
 “Whosoever doers from desire”: “Whosoever is like, as an effort, such as arrangement, such as the kind, whoever has arrived, whosoever has the law, or Brahman, or Bisha, or the Godala, or who is at home, or Out of the house, or days, or people. There are two kinds of desires from praise: the wills of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (middle) these are called the desires of pollution. “Avoid desires all over” in two ways: from the township or from sever. How is it to avoid desire from the town? Avoid from the town when you see “with less music, like bones”; from the town when seeing “more than righteousness, like flesh”; from the town when seeing 'with burning righteousness, like a torch. ' Avoidance of desire; avoid desire from the town when seeing 'In a great coke, like charcoal pit, 'and from the town when seeing 'In a temporary uprising, like a dream.' When you see “For temporary righteousness, like borrowings” Avoid desire from the town, when you see “to destroy, destroy righteousness, like tree fruit” from the town. When you see “with a broken head, like a slaughterhouse” avoid desire from the town; when see “pierced” Avoidance from the town when righteousness is a swordsman, and from the town when you see “in fear, like a snake head”; and from the town when you see “with great heat, to gather like fire.”
 When practicing Buddhist casually avoid desire; when the practice practice casually... (middle) when practicing monks... when practicing ring... when practicing alms... when practicing alms... when practicing days... when practicing days... when practicing day When practicing in mind... when practicing death... when practicing to mind... when practicing silence, avoid the desire from all over.
 When practicing the first Zen from the town to avoid desire; when practicing the second Zen... (middle) when practicing the third Zen... when practicing the fourth Zen... when the study empty boundless... when the learning is infinitely waiting... ... When the practice has nothing to wait until... when the practice wants to wait to avoid the desire from the town. This is to avoid desire from the town.
 How is it to avoid desire from sever? When practicing Suduan Road will fall into bitternessThe desire of the bounds from the cut off; when the practice comes to the way, when the crude desire to avoid; when the practice does not pay off the fine desire to avoid; when practicing Arrohan Road all completely, every aspect completely, without Remaining, the whole land from severed, avoid desire. This is to avoid desires from severed.” For all who avoid desire.
 “Like a foot to a snake head”: “Sappo is called a snake (ahi). What is the meaning of a snake? “Crawling” for Snake; “Bending Walking” for Parker (Snake); “Walking on the Chest” for Chest Walker (Snake); “Walking with Head” for Volkman (Snake); “Crawling with Head (Cambodia Version)” for crawling The Serpent (Sri Lanka Edition); “Sleeping in the Cave” for the Cavern; “Sleeping in the Cave” for the Grotto; “Tooth as its Weapon” as a Weapon; “Poison as a Scary” is the Toxer; “He The tongue has two tongues (serpent); and “taste two tongue” is the two tongue knower. If you want to live and do not want to die; a man who wants to love disgust misery will avoid his feet, avoid, dodge, avoid the snake head down. In the same way, those who want to disgust the misery avoid, avoid, dodge all over and down.” It's like a foot to a snake head.
 “He transcends, and the love in this world”: “He”, whosoever doeth away from desire. Love is called thirsty love, it is greedy, lust (total greedy), with greedy, comfort, joy, greedy, greedy, greedy, want, obsession, take, greedy, greedy, dyed, sludge, disturb, hypocrisy, [reincarnation ] Roots, [bitter] fertility, tailor (greedy), net, river, bound, rope, obsession, stacked, companion, wish, have pipelines, wishu (forest), love forest (jungle), intimate interaction [ santhavo?] , love, expectation, relationship, desire, desire, state of desire, desire, desire of color, desire of voice, desire for smell, desire of taste, desire to touch, desire to get, desire of man (desire of wealth - dhanāsāsā/Ni.2,8), Son's desires, desires to live, passion, hope, prayer, greed, greed, state of greed, state of greed, enquiry [ [profit], wings for good, illegal greedy, wrong greed, desire, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire thirst love, some thirst love, nothingness thirst love, color thirst, colorless thirst love, quench thirst love, color thirst love, voice thirst love, the smell of thirst love, taste of thirst love, the touch of thirst love, the law of thirst love, rim, yoke (bondage), binding, execution, obstacle, cover, cover, binding, cover, bondage, with miscellaneous, annoyance potential Trend, entangling, gangman, stingy, bitterness, bitterness, the occurrence of bitterness, magic catching net, magic hook [, magic food], magic realm [, magic shelter, magic bondage], thirsty love river, thirsty love net, thirsty love Rope, thirsty sea of love, greed, bad roots.
 “Love”: What is Love? “Dispersed” for love; “vast” for love; “widespread” for love; “it forcibly” for love; “it seize” for love; “deceit” for love; “poison” for love; “poison” for Love; “poison used” for love; or, “the vast thirst love: in color... voice... smell... touched... home... the masses... benefits... reputation... praise... Happy... clothes... feeding... sitting equipment... patient needs and medical necessities... desires... color circles... colorless... want to have... colorless... want to have... do not want to have... do not want to have... I want to have... one in... four has... five holds... the past... the future... now... seen, heard, felt, can be enlarged in the laws of knowledge.” For love.
 “In the world”: in the worlds of bitterness, in the world of mankind, in the world of heaven, in the world of wounds, in the world of worlds, in the world. “Conceptual (of)”, in four ways: when the practice is mindful in the body, in the subject... (medium) in the heart... when the practice in the law is mindful.
 NextIn four ways for mindfulness: to avoid the state of mindfulness, to avoid the state of mindfulness, the state of the law of the obstruction is broken, and the law of the nothfulness factor (phase) is not forgotten The state is mindful.
 The next in four ways for the mindfulness: to the state of mind, to mind the state of mind, to the state of mind, to read the state of proficiency as mindful, to the state of mind is not falling.
 NextIn four ways for the mindfulness: to the state of mind, to the state of silence as mindful, to the state of calm, to the state of silenceMindful; to the Buddha's thoughts, to the French remembrance, to the monk remembrance, to the remembrance of the memorial, with alms as the mind, to the day of mind; to the mind of inbound and out of mind The, to death as a mindful, to the body to the mind, to the silence of the mind, the memory, memory state, memory state, do not forget the state, do not forget the state, read the root, Mindfulness, mindfulness, thought support, no fork in the road, this is called miss. With, fully having, arriving, fully arriving, full, fully sufficient, with this concept, he is called mindful.
 “He transcends, love in this world”: “The love in the world, or the love in the world, he spent, transcends, passes, passes, overcomes, overcomes.” For him to transcend, love in this world.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Whosoever doeth away from desire, as his feet against a snake head
 He transcends, love in this world.”
 4. fields, land or gold, cattle, horses, slaves, servants,
 Women and relatives of all sorts of desires, and all people follow the costles
 “Fields, Land or Gold”: “Fields” are japonica rice fields, rice fields, mung bean fields, broad bean fields, barley fields, wheat fields, sesame fields. “Place” is home, warehouse, front yard, backyard, garden land, place of residence. Gold is called currency. For fields, land, or gold.
 “Cows, horses, slaves, servants”: “Cattle” is called the cattle (Cambodia version). “Horse” is known as livestock etc. There are four types of slaves: slaves born in the house, slaves bought with money, the situation of reaching (becoming) slaves themselves, or involuntarily arriving into a slave situation.
 “Some of the female slaves [born] become and bought with money, and they become slaves,
 Some of them themselves reach slaves and are excluded with fear and they become slaves.
 “[Servant], there are three types of [servant] servant: servant, servant, and liveer (diner). For cattle, horses, slaves, servants.
 “Women and relatives of all kinds of desires”: “Women” are referred to as women (wives) who possess. “Relatives”, there are four kinds of relatives: relatives are relatives, family name relatives are also relatives, [fellow] sacred relatives are also relatives, [fellow] technical relatives are also relatives. “Various desires” are many desires: these kinds of desires are the desired color... (medium) of the desired touch. For women, relatives all kinds of desire.
 “Whoever is in the way”: “Whosoever is like, as an effort, such as arrangement, such as the kind, where he has arrived, and every Brahman, or Bisha, or the Godala, or who is at home, or Out of the house, or days, or people. “People” are living beings, human beings, students Brahmen, people, individuals, lives, to the born, to the indra, to the indra, the man born of Monu. “With greedy”, with the desire of polluting on things he seeks, with the desire of greedy, all over the stringent, bound. For the people who follow the greedy.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “The field, the land or gold, the cow, horses, slaves, and servants
 Women and relatives every desire, and all the people follow the covenant.
 5. the powerless conquered him, and distress crushed him,
 Then followed him bitternly, such as water to a broken ship.
 “The weak conquered him”: “The weak, the weak, the weak, the less force, the less powerful, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, inferior, inferior, insignificant pollution, those polluted conquered, Conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, crush that man.” So the powerless conquered him. Or, “the weak, the weak, the less force, the less powerful, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the low, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior: whoever has no faith, energy, Shame, those who pollute conquer, conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, crush that man.” So the powerless conquered him.
 “Difficulties crush him”: there are two kinds of distress, obvious distress and secret distress. What are the obvious distress? Lion, tiger, leopard, bear, wolf, bison, elephant, snake, scorpion, centipede, or thief, rogue, eye disease, ear, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease , tooth disease, cough, wheezing, external nasal disease, fever, old, abdominal disease, coma, dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, Ringsoriasis, Tricky, Scratching , Biliary disease, diabetes mellitus, hemorrhoids, rash (boil blisters), hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer), bile disease, diseases such as phlegm, diseases such as wind, [three]Diseases due to the change of time, diseases born from improper posture, sudden incoming diseases, diseases of the industry, cold, heat, hunger, thirst, dung, urine, contact with fly mosquitoes And so on, these are called obvious distress.
 What are the secret distress? Wicked deeds, words evil, malicious acts, wishful cover, malice cover, sleep cover, fall and regret cover, suspect cover, greedy, indignation, anger, resentment, hiding evil, arbitrary, jealous, stingy, hypocrisy, hypocrisy, cunning, Stubborn, passion, slow, very slow, slow, relax, all pollution, all evil, all annoying, all hot, all annoying, all bad work, these are called secret distress.
 What is the meaning of distress? “Conquer” is distress; “lead to loss” is distress; “perched there” is distress. How is “Conquer” for Difficult? Those distress conquered, conquered, defeated, overwhelmed, ended, crushed that person, so it was “conquered” for distress. How is “lead to fallback” for distress? Those distress leads to the obstacles, regression of good law, what good law? The right road, follow the road, the inverted sidewalk, not contradictory (no contradictory road), such as the meaning of the sidewalk, law with the law of the road, the ring completely, guarding the root door, the right amount of diet, specialized Sober, read and mindfulness, four years of hard practice, four hard work practice, four gods hard practice, five hard practice, five efforts to practice, the effort of seven chakuchusha, efforts of eight sacred paths Practice, lead to these good law obstacles, loss, such as “lead to loss” as distress.
 How is “perched there” for distress? There, these evil laws come together, such as caves lying in caves, aquatic animals lying in water, forested animals lying in the forest, and tree animals lying down on trees. In the same way, there, these laws of evil and misdemeanour come together. So it's “inhabited there” for distress.
 This is said by Worldman [SN.35.151]
 “Picchu! Picchu, a disciple and a master, lived in bitterness and unease. And, the Picchu! How is Bichu, a disciple and a master, dwelt in bitter and unease? Bichu! Here, after the eyes of Bichu, born the memories and intentions of those who follow the evil bad law. “They dwelt in him; and the law of evil and evil dwelt and enter (occupy).” Therefore, he is called a 'apprentice. ' “They conquered him; evil evil conquered him.” Therefore, he is called “Master”.
 Besides, the Bichu! After listening to the voice... after sniffing the smell of the nose... after taste with the tongue... after touching the touch... after the law of consciousness, the memory and intent of those evil laws follow the end. “They dwelt in him; and the law of evil and evil dwelt and enter (occupy).” Therefore, he is called a 'apprentice. ' “They conquered him; evil evil conquered him.” Therefore, he is called “Master”. Bichu! So Bichu, a disciple and a master, lived in bitterness and unease. This is also “inhabited there” for distress.
 This was said by Worldman [It.88]
 “Picchu! There are three kinds of internal scale, internal non-friend, internal enemy, internal murderer, internal enemy, which three? Bichu! Greedy is internal scale, inner friend, internal enemy, internal murderer, internal enemy;... (medium) Bichu! The evil is internal scale, not friends, internal enemies, murderers, internal enemies. Bichu! These are three kinds of internal scale, internal non-friend, internal enemy, internal murderer, internal enemy. [”]
 “Greed is a cause of no interest, and greed for those who shake their hearts,
 Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.
 Seekers do not know the interests, the cogedy cannot see the law,
 At that time he was blind and darkness: whoever could conquer.
 For the cause of no interest, For those who shake the heart,
 Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.
 The angry do not know the interests, the anger does not see the law,
 At that time he was blind and dark: whosoever could conquer.
 The cause of no interest, stupid to shake the heart,
 Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.
 The fools do not know the interests, the fools do not see the law,
 At that time he was blind and dark: whoever could conquer.
 This is also “inhabited there” for distress.
 This was said by Worldman: [SN.3.2]
 “King! When the three laws of men are born, they are born unfavorable, bitter, and uncomfortable to live, which three? King! When the man's own law of lust aroused, born unfavorable, bitter, restless to live; king! When the man's own law aroused... (medium) King! When the maleChild's own foolish law started, born unfavorable, bitter, uncomfortable, king! When these three laws in men are born, they are unfavorable, bitter, uncomfortable to live.”
 “Lust, lust, stupid, evil man,
 Hurt yourself, such as many fruits [hurt] its tree heart.”
 This is also “inhabited there” for distress.
 This was said by Worldman: [SN.10.3]
 “From here there is greed and gleaned, and from here is unhappy and rejoiced, and erected,
 From here and after being born with a heart, such as a young boy put a crow.”
 This is also “inhabited there” for distress. “Difficulties crush him”: “Those distress conquered, conquered, defeated, overwhelmed, ended, crushed that man.” Crush him for distress.
 “After bitter follow him”: “After”, from the distress to follow, follow the person, become a follower; bitter follow, accompanying, become a follower; old bitter follow, accompanying, become follower; sick follow , accompanying, become a follower; death, follow, accompanying, become a follower; sorrow, sorrow, despair, bitterness, follow, become a follower; the bitterness of hell... the bitterness of the hungry ghost world follow, accompanying, To be a follower; human suffering... is rooted in the bitterness of the mother's fetus... rooted in the bitterness of the mother's fetus... from the bitterness of the mother's fetus... the bitterness of life will be settled by others... to be forced [ [bitter] suffering... others persecuted bitter follow, accompanying, become followers; bitter follow, accompanying, become followers; suffering... easy suffering... Eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, outside Ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough, wheezing, external nose disease, fever, old, abdominal disease, coma, dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, rosworm, scabies, , cracked skin, blood-choleopathy, diabetes mellitus, hemorrhoids, rash (boil blisters), hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer), bile disease, diseases such as phlegm, diseases such as wind, [three] set diseases, seasonal change The diseases, diseases born from the improper posture, sudden attack diseases, the industry of the fruit of the disease, cold, heat, hunger, thirst, dung, urine, contact with the flies mosquito wind sunsnake... ... the suffering of the loss of a father... the loss of a brother... the loss of a sister... the loss of a child... the loss of a woman... the loss of his family... the loss of property... the suffering of the loss of sickness... the loss of morality... see loss The bitter follow, accompanying, become a follower.” For after bitter follow him.
 “As water to a broken ship”: “If a broken ship is in the water, from there water follows, accompany, become a follower; from the front water to follow, walk, become a follower; from behind... from below... from the side Water follows, accompany, become a follower. Similarly, from distress to follow, follow the person, become a follower; bitter follow, accompanying, become a follower... (medium) see loss (bad see) the bitter follow, accompanying, become a follower.” For a broken ship as water.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “The powerless conquered him, and distress crushed him,
 Then followed him bitternly, such as water to the broken ship.
 6. therefore always mindful of people, can avoid all the desire,
 After disconnecting those who can survive the storm, such as drawing out the ship [middle water] and become a person arriving on the other side.
 “So always,” “So, 'therefore, that reason; that cause; that cause; that cause; that cause, when seeing this oversuffering on all desires.” For that. Human beings, human beings, students Brahmen, people, individuals, lives, to born, affection, to Indra, Monu born. “Always”, always; everything; all times; constant; eternal time; constant; continuous; uninterrupted; successive; the birth of water waves without intermittent; continually accompanied to make it reach; in the morning, Afternoon, first night, midnight, after night; in black moon, moon, rainy season, winter, summer; in adolescence, middle age, old age. “Mindful”, in four ways: when the practice in the body is mindful, in the heart... when practicing in the law is mindful. The next one is mindful in four ways:... (medium) he is called the mindful. For that reason always mind people.
 “Avoiding all desires”: “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires from praise: the wills of things and the desire to ... (medium) These are called the desires of things. ... (medium) these are called polluting desires. “Can avoid desires”, “in two ways to avoid all desires: from the township or from sever. How can I get from the townAvoiding desires? When you see “with less music, like bones” can avoid desire from the town; when you see “more than righteousness, like flesh” can avoid desire from the town; when you see “with burning righteousness, like a torch” The town evade all the desire... (in the middle) when you want to wait until the training can avoid desire from the town. This is to avoid desire from the town. ... (medium) This is to avoid desires from severed.” To be able to avoid all desires.
 “Thing off those can survive the storm”: “Those”, after he knows the desire of things, after discarding, after abandoning, after eviction, after the end, and after the end, after the will to abstain; in the will of the will After the cover off, abandon, after eviction, after the end, so that it goes to absent; in the malicious cover... (slightly) in the cover of sleep... in the fall of regret on the cover... after discarding on the suspect cover after discarding, after abandoning After eviction, after the end, to make it to absent, to the absence, the torrents of desire, some torrents, see the torrents, the flow of unknown, he can pass, can pass through, can overcome.” To cut off those after being able to survive the storm.
 “As a ship [middle water] after reaching the other side”: If a heavy ship with a load draining, emptying, draining the water becomes a light boat, can quickly, quickly and easily go to the other shore. In the same way, after the desire of the things is known, after he has discarded, discarded, after his deportation, after the end of it, after the end of it, and after the end of it, and after the wills of the wills are covered... in the cover of evil... Sleeping cover... in the fall of regret on the cover... after the suspicion of the cover off, abandon, after eviction, after the end, so that it went to the absent, quickly and easily go to the other shore. The other side is known as immortal, Nibbana, that is the end of everything, all according to the judgment, thirsty love is extinct, away from greed, extinguished, “Go to the other shore,” can reach the other shore; reach the other side, and testify to the other. He who arrives on the other side, whosoever wants to go to the other side, he arrives in the other side; whosoever goes to the other side, he also arrives on the other side; and whosoever has come to the other side, he is also to the other
 This is said by Worldman [SN.35.238]
 “Have passed to the other side, and Brahmen stood on the highlands.” “Picchu! “Brahman. “This is synonyms for Allohan.” He is [by] testimony of those who have arrived on the other side; those who have come to the other side; those who have discarded from the other side; those who have traveled to the other side; those who testify to the other side; those who have arrived in the other side; All the bitterness is known to those who arrive on the other side; those who have cut off all pollutions to the other side; those who make a study of the four sacred paths arrive on the other side; those who testify of destruction arrive on the other side; He is in holy Conquer the free arrivals, the highest (polomy) arrivals; at sanctuary, the highest arrivals; at the sanctity of the confines, the highest arrivals; at the liberation of holy liberation The Highest Arrival, He is the one who has arrived on the other side; those who have reached the other side, have reached the ultimate (target); who has reached the end of the end, who has reached the border; who has arrived at the terminator; has reached the terminator, has arrived at the rescue home, has arrived at the shelter, has arrived at the refuge, has arrived at the place of return, has arrived at the place of return, has arrived the person without terror; Reach no terrorist, has arrived no dead; has arrived no dead, has arrived the undead, has arrived the undead, has arrived the Nibbana; He has reached the Nibbana, he is the person who has descended, practised the perpetrator, has completed the journey For those who have arrived in the direction, those who have reached the end, have guarded the Ganswalker, those who have reached the Supreme Seeker, those who have been practiced, those who have cut off the polluters, those who have passed through unshaken, and who have testified of destruction, for him is known, Broken, the way has been practiced, and the destruction has testified, has been known to be known, which has been known to be known, which has been cut off, the practice should be practiced, and testified shall be testified.
 He is the one who has been removed, the ditch is filled, the column has been pulled up, the latch, the saint flag has fallen, the burdens have been removed, the separated, five disconnected, six possesses, one guardian, four Trust is those who have removed their own truths, those who seek to be outraged and completely decimated, those who have no intention of turbid, those who have done serenity, those who are liberated in good faith, the supreme who have been fully completed, the supreme, the supreme, the supreme, the proven With great achievements, he is neither composed nor disassembled, does not build up, does not stand after stacking up; neither dissipates nor performs, and does not disperse (Thailand version) nor accumulate, dispersed after standing; neither extinguishes nor ignites, After extinguishing [SN.22.79], it is a state of absenceThe resident... no learning... no learning Huiyun... no learning to escape... no learning to escape the state of residence, complete and through the real (truths) after the dwell, through the disturbance (move greedy) after living Staffer, the polluting fire extinguished, no longer come to the state of the stand-up, has been [victory] grasp the residency, by the release of the state of dwellers, charity pure standing... joy... Calm all over pure dwellers, all over pure standers, no equal status (Ceylon version) all over pure standers, liveholders who have been liberated, the state of satisfaction of the resident, in the ultimate (border) On the standers, in the world of the ultimate standers, in the ultimate dweller, in the ultimate in the fun of the ultimate staker, in the end of life, the ultimate in the life of the standing [, in which the ultimate live Stand Up, Stand on Reincarnation Ultimate, Stater on Rotating Ultimate, Stater in Line Ultimate, Staker on Last], Staker on Last Gathering (Body), Arrohan with the Last Body .
 “This is his last there, which is the last gathering (body),
 Life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.”
 To become a person who arrives on the other side after drawing the ship [middle water].
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Therefore, those who are always mindful, can avoid all their desires,
 After disconnecting those who can survive the storm, such as drawing out the ship [middle water] and become a person arriving on the other side.”
 The first [completed] instructions to be experienced.


Excerpt:
 1. desire (financial) depletion like arrows wear ⇒ avoid snakes: mind beyond love (visattikā).
 2. when the deeds do not know the interests of the law, terror from them, after bitter follow, such as water to break the ship.
 12/10/2020 15:25