6. Explanation of the Old Classics
    Secondly, the description of the old scripture will say:
    39. This life is really small, maybe less than a hundred years to die,
       If anyone lives more than one, then he will die of old age.
"This life is indeed small": ""Life" is life, existence, life, survival, action, resurrection (existence), guardianship, life, life root. In addition, life based on two factors is rare, only a few的: There are few finite lives based on survival, or there are few finite lives based on nature (self-satisfaction). How can there be few finite lives based on existence? In the past heart moments in the past, [but] not living now , Will not live in the future; live in the future heart and moment, [but] live in the present and past; live in the present heart and moment, [but] live in the past and not live in the future.
    "Life and individual, all (only) happiness and suffering,
       Taken with a single heart: it can turn around in an instant.
       Where the heavens exist, eighty-four thousand tribulations,
       But neither of them, combined to live by two hearts.
       Anyone who dies or survives here, the aggregates are destroyed,
       has gone, everything is, and the same cannot be restored.
       Those who are immediately destroyed, and those who are destroyed in the future,
      [And] those who are destroyed in the middle are not unequal in characteristics.
       could not help but was born, he lives now,
       With the heart being destroyed, the world becomes dead, and it is the peace of the highest interest.
       They happen as downward [flowing] and are intended to change,
       They turn [such as] the uncut water flow, with six points as an edge.
       The destroyed ones come without storage, and there will be no accumulation in the future,
       And wherever arises, they survive, like mustard seeds at the tip of the cone [instance].
       To the arising dhammas, destruction is placed in front of them,
      The broken dhammas remain, and they do not mix with the previous ones.
       They come invisible, they see and leave from destruction,
       Like lightning in the sky, they arise and dissipate. "
    This is because the limited life that survives is less.
     How is the limited life of nature (self-taste) less? Life is the dependence of the breath; life is the dependence of the income; life is the dependence of the intake and exit; life is the dependence of the [four] species; life is the dependence of the mass-shaped food; life is the dependence of the warmth; life is the consciousness Dependence: These are fundamentally weak; the causes of these are also weak; those who rely on them are also weak; those who use them as power are also weak; the common foundation (earth) of these is also weak; these connections They are also weak; these co-borns are also weak; everything connected with them is also weak; these are habitually weak to each other; these are not standing on each other; these destroy each other (familiar); there is no mutual protector, And these don't make them stand together; those who produce are not discovered.
    "No one disappears because of anyone, and these are indeed all destroyed,
       These are produced from before, and those who produced them have died before
       The former and the latter have never seen each other. "
     This is because natural (self-taste) limited life is less.
In addition, comparing the lives of the four kings, Tiantianshen, life is less for humans, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is rapid, life is short, life is not a long time Yes, the fate is to live soon, the thirty-three heavenly gods...(omitted) Yematian gods...dust-day gods...transformed into the happy heaven gods...he transformed into the heavenly gods...compared to the life of the Brahma gods, to people Life is small, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is fast, life is short, life is long, and life is short-lived.
     This was said by the Blessed One:
    "Monks! The life span of human beings is short, and they will come to life. Smart people should be awakened, they should be good, and they should practice Brahman. All living are dead, monks! Anyone who lives elder, he has a hundred years or more. "
    "People's life span is short, and good people should contempt it,
       should be alive and burned, [because] there is no death to come. [SN.4.9]
       Day and night pass, life is destroyed,
       inevitably the life span of a dead person is exhausted, like water in a small river. [SN.4.10] "" Because this life is really small.
"Perhaps it will die in less than a hundred years": "Dying, dying, dying, and being destroyed when it freezes [SN.10.1]; dying, dying, dying, and being destroyed while in a cell; also when it's a piece of meat Dead, dead, annihilated, destroyed; dead, dead, annihilated, destroyed when the flesh is firm; dead, dead, annihilated, destroyed when the limbs; Newborn also died, died, annihilated, destroyed; in the delivery room also died, died, annihilated, destroyed; half a month also died, died, annihilated, destroyed; a month also died No, dead, annihilated, destroyed; two months... (omitted) three months...four months... five months also died, died, annihilated, and destroyed; The six months... the seven months... the eight months... the nine months... the ten months... the one year is dead, dead, extinct, destroyed; ...For two years...for three years...for four years...for five years...for six years...for seven years...for eight years...for nine years... Ten years...20 years...30 years...40 years...50 years...60 years...70 years...80 Years... Ninety years of death, death, extinction, and destruction. "We might die in less than a hundred years."
"Whoever lives more than one hundred years later": "Whoever lives beyond a hundred years later, he lives one year, or two years, or three years, four years, or five years... (omitted) or ten years, or Live for 20 years, or live for 30 years, or live for forty years." For those who live beyond. "At that time he died of old age": when he was getting old, old, old, old, declining, with broken teeth, with gray hair, bald, wrinkled, limbs He who was invaded by spots, crooked, crooked, and relied on crutches, died, died, vanished, and was destroyed by aging, and he did not escape from death.
     "For ripe fruits, there is a terror of falling in the early morning,
       For people who are already alive and inevitably dead like this, there is often the horror of death.
       is like the pottery made by a potter,
      Everything will eventually be destroyed, and the lives of people who are dead [also] are like this.
       The young and the old, the fool and the wise,
       All forces that have gone to death, everything is what death is interesting (belonging to death).
       For those who are defeated by death, it is those who walk from here to the afterlife,
       The father cannot shelter his son, or relatives to relatives.
       Even those who watch relatives, those who scream,
       people who are unavoidable to die, such as a cow to be killed are guided.
       The world is like this, tortured by death and old age,
    [So the wise are not sad, after knowing the truth and interest of the world. Sn.3.8, verses 581-586]'
     At that time he died of old age.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "This life is indeed small, maybe it will die in less than a hundred years,
       If anyone lives more than one, then he will die of old age. "
    40. People are sad about being regarded as themselves, because there is no permanent possession,
       There is parting here, you should not live at home after seeing it like this.
"People are sad when they are regarded as themselves": "The "people" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, layman, monk, heaven, and person. There are two types of "self-holding". Attachment: [because] the attachment of the thirsty ego and the [cause] the attachment of the ego... (omitted) this is the attachment of the thirsty ego... (omitted) this is the attachment of the ego that sees. Be treated as oneself They are sad when the things they fear are robbed, they are also sad when they are robbed, they are also sad when they have been robbed; they are sad when they are regarded as their own things, they are sad when they are changed, they are also sad when they are changed, they are also sad when they are changed. I am also sad, tired, weeping, pounding my chest and crying, and come to chaos." Sad for people being treated as themselves.
"Because there are no permanent possessions": "There are two kinds of possessions: [Because] the belongings that are thirsty and the [cause] sees... (Omitted) This is the thirsty possession... (Omitted) This is all things that you see. All things that you thirsty for are impermanent, active, and born of conditions. They are the dhamma of destruction, dissolution, fading, destruction, and change. All things you see are also impermanent and have What is born of, is the extinction, the dissipation, the disappearance, the extinction, and the change. This is said by the world-bun: "Bhikkhus! You have seen the constant, strong, eternal, and unchangeable. Will it exist as the same thing as Changheng?" "No, Lord!" "Monks! Good! Monks! I have not seen the constant, solid, eternal, unchangeable, and will be as constant The possessions that exist as permanence. [MN.22] "Permanent, solid, eternal, unchanging possessions, they do not, do not exist, are not known, and cannot be obtained." Because there is no permanence. everything.
     "Here is parting": "Separation (becoming various), parting (becoming parting), dissociation (becoming mutation) exists, is known, isGot it. This was said by the Lord: "Enough, Ananda! Don't be sad, don't cry, Ananda! Didn't I say this before? Separation, separation, and dissociation from all that you love and agree with. Ananda! Here, how can it be obtained: "Anything that is born, exists, does something, or corrupts, must not be destroyed." This is impossible! [DN.16] "It belongs to the former aggregates, realms, and places change and mutation; the subsequent aggregates, realms, and places turn around. "Because there is parting here.
"You should not live at home after seeing it like this": "'Like this', the continuation of sentences; the linking of sentences; the consummation of sentences; the combination of words; the linking of words and sentences; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this" "After seeing, after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying like this in my attachment." After seeing like this. "Should not live at home", cut off all obstacles to home After, after cutting off the obstacles of children and wives, cutting off the obstacles of relatives, cutting off the obstacles of friends, cutting off the obstacles of storage, after cutting off the hair and beards and putting on the robes, he changed from a monk at home to a non-domestic life Afterwards, you should walk alone, live, act, turn around, guard, survive, and survive after you start to become a state of nothing." You should not live at home after seeing it like this.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "People are sad when they are regarded as themselves, because there is no permanent possession,
       There is parting here, you should not live at home after seeing it like this. "
    41. That was also abandoned by death: mortals think "this is mine",
After        the wise and wise know this, the believer should not bend to my grasp.
     "That was also abandoned by death": "Death", among all living beings, due to the death, destruction, disintegration, disappearance, death, end of life, the disintegration of various aggregates, the abandonment of the corpse, and the root of life among all living beings. "That", things like color, feelings, thinking, behaviors, and consciousness. "Abandoned", abandoned, disappeared (abandoned), left (abandoned), annihilated, destroyed. This is also said: [Jat.5.1,2-3]
    "Just before all the wealth abandon the people who inevitably die, and then those who inevitably die abandon those,
      The property of the desire-seeker is very constant, so I am not sad when I am sad.
       The moon increases, fills, and disappears, and the sun moves into extinction (Thailand version),
       The enemy's worldly law has been known to me, so I am not sad when I am sad. "
     was abandoned for that too. "Mortals think that "this is mine"": ""What," things like color, feeling, thinking, behavior, and consciousness. "People" are names, titles, and peace. , Common names, names, naming, appellations, words, phrases, and titles. "Think "This is mine"", from the eager to think that he thinks; the one who sees it thinks he thinks; the slow one thinks that he thinks; from pollution People think he thinks; think he thinks from evil deeds; think he thinks from hard work (plus deeds); think he thinks from retribution. "For ordinary people think "this is mine."
"The wise man knows this": "This is after he knows, understands, weighs, judges, separates, and clarifies. The wise man, the wise man, the wise man, the wise man, The enlightened, the wise, the separated, the wise know this queen." The wise and wise know this queen.
"Believers should not bend to my grasping": "I grasping", there are two types of self grasping: [because] thirsty self grasping and [because] seeing self grasping... (omitted) This is The thirsty self-holding...(slightly omitted) This is the seeing self-holding. "Believers", believers in the Buddha, believers in the Dhamma, believers in the Sangha, he regards the Buddha as his own, and that person clings to the world deity. This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus who are deceitful, stupid, talkative, hypocritical, slow, uncertain, to me are not my [faithful] bhikkhus, bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus have obeyed this law and law. Leaving, they do not come to grow, grow, or expand in this law and law. But, monks! Those monks who are not deceitful, not talkative, strong, not rigid, well-determined, to me are me[ Bhikkhus of the wish], bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus did not leave this law and law, they came to grow, grow, and expand in this law and law."
     "Cunning, stubborn, false talk, hypocrisy, slow, uncertain,
       They don't grow in the law taught by the Enlightened One,
       Those who are not deceitful, talkative, sturdy, not rigid, good-natured,
       They grow in the Dhamma taught by the Enlightened One. "[AN.4.26]
     "The believer should not bend toward what he is clinging to": "Believers should not bend to the obsession of the self who is thirsty, and the obsession of the self that he sees. When he is obsessed with the self, he should not bend and should notTo bend downwards, it will not be the one who leans forward, the one who is not toward that, the one who is inclined to the other, the one who is not that aspirant, and the one who is not that increases. Those who are believers should not bend toward self-holding.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "That was also abandoned by death, and mortals thought "this is mine",
After        the wise and wise know this, the believer should not bend to my grasp. "
    42. As [business] meets in dreams, people who wake up cannot see,
       People loved like this: the deceased, the dead, he cannot see.
     "[Business] as meeting by dream": "What is meeting, what is gathered, set, what is gathered." It is [business] as meeting by dream. "Wake up people cannot see": "For example, people who come to dream see the moon, see the sun, see the sea, see the king of Mount Xumi, see the elephant, see the horse, see the carriage, see the infantry, see the army formation, see what is pleasant Gardens, pleasant forests... (slightly omitted) Delightful land... Seeing the pleasant lotus pond, the awake person can see nothing." The waking person cannot see.
"A person loved like this": "A "like this" is a figurative arrangement. A "loved person" is a cherished person: mother, or father, or brother, or sister, or son, or daughter, or friend, Or colleagues, or relatives, or people of blood." For someone loved like this.
"The deceased and the dead he cannot see": "The deceased is called the deceased, and the dead he cannot see, see, get, can't find, or get it." He can't see the dead.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "As [business] meets in a dream, people who wake up cannot see it,
       People loved like this: the deceased, the dead, he cannot see. "
    43. Even if those people are seen and heard, wherever the name is said to them,
       Only the name can be said: For the deceased.
"Even if those people are seen and heard": ""Seen", all eyes and consciousness are born. "Heard", all ears and consciousness are born. "Those people", Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudha Luo, lay people, monks, heavens, people." Even if those people are seen and heard.
"Where the name is said to them": ""Where to them", to Kshatriya, to Brahmin, to Vaisha, to Sudra, to lay people For the monks, for the heavens, and for the people. "Name" is the name, common name, Anli, idiom, name, naming, appellation, vocabulary, phrase, address. "Said", being Said, said, told, talked, explained, said." Weifan was said to them.
"Only the name can be said": "Lose, feeling, thinking, behavior, consciousness are cut off, disappeared (abandoned), left (abandoned) ), annihilation, destruction. "Can be said", can say, can tell, can talk, can explain, can talk." Only the name can be said. "For the deceased": ""For the deceased", for the dead, for the dead. "For the people", for the sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people, Individuals, life, those who are born, sentient beings, those who are born to Indra, and those born to Manu." For the deceased.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Even if those people are seen and heard, wherever the name is said to them,
       Only the name can be said: For the deceased. "
    44. Those who are greedy to me, they never let go of sorrow, weeping, and stingy,
       Therefore, the muni, stable seers, they abandon everything and go (wandering).
"The greedy people who are attached to me, they don't give up their sorrow, weeping, and stingy": "'Sorrow', being touched by the loss of relatives, or the loss of property, or the loss of disease (unfortunate), or The loss (loss) touch of the ring, or the loss (loss) touch of seeing, have (encountered) certain losses (unfortunate), contact with certain sufferings, have a state of sorrow, sadness, sorrow, internal sorrow, internal The sorrow, the internal burning, the internal burning, the burning, sorrow, and the arrow of the heart. "Weeping", being touched by the loss of the relatives... (omitted) or the loss of seeing (loss) touched, with ( Encounters) certain losses (unfortunate), contact with certain sufferings, who have lamenting, weeping, crying, crying, lamenting, weeping, speech, useless words, muttering, weeping, tearing, weeping State. "Stingy", there are five kinds of stinginess: [to] stinginess of residence, stinginess of home, stinginess of gain, stinginess of praise, stinginess of law, everything like this stingy, stingy appearance, stingy state, greedy, stingySorry, petty, and tight-hearted states are called stinginess. In addition, stingy is also stingy; stingy is also stingy; being stingy is also the opinion of stingy, which is called stingy. Craving is called craving, which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "I hold", there are two kinds of self-holdings: [because] the self-holding that thirsty and [because] sees the self-holding... It's what I see. They are sad when they are regarded as their own things and when they are robbed, they are also sad when they are robbed, and they are also sad when they have been robbed; they are sad when they are regarded as their own things, and when they change, they are also sad when they change. They are also sad when it has changed. They mourn when they are treated as their own things, and when they are robbed, they cry when they are robbed, and they cry when they are robbed; they cry when they are treated as their own things, and when they change. They also weep when it has changed. They guard, protect, take (control), cherish (as their own), and be stingy when they are treated as their own things. They don't abandon the sorrow of being treated as their own things. They do not abandon the sorrows that are treated as their own. , Greedy them not to give up, not to cut off, not to drive away, not to end, not to make them non-existent. "For those who are greedy for my attachment, they never let go of sorrow, weeping, and stingy.
"Therefore, Muni, the peaceful seer, they abandon everything and walk (wandering)": ""Therefore", "Therefore; the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, you should see this passing on the desires Suffering time." Because of this. "Muni", Muna is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (slightly) no delusion, choice of the law, right view, possessing that wisdom is Muni, reaching Muna. There are three kinds of muni (perfect virtues): body muni, language muni, and meaning muni....... (slightly omitted) he is muni after dyeing the net. "ownership" has two kinds of possessions: [Because] the possessions that I thirsty for and [causes] the possessions that I see... (slightly omitted) This is the possessions that crave for... ; After ignoring all things seen; after they give up, after abandoning, after driving away, after making the end, making them walk, staying, acting, turning, guarding, making existence, making existence. The seers", the stable seers, the seers in the rescue shelter, the seers in the refuge, the seers in the refuge, the seers without terror, the seers without death, the seers without death, the seers of Nibbana. "For this reason, the muni and the stable seers, they abandon everything and go (wandering).
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The greedy people who I cling to, they never let go of sorrow, weeping, and stingy,
       Therefore, the muni, stable seers, they abandon everything and go (wandering). "
    45. When the bhikkhu walks away and gets close to the seat far away,
       They said it was appropriate for him: he would not allow his residence to be seen.
"When a monk walks away": "Those who walk away are called the seven kinds of learning, and the Arahat is the one who is far away. For what reason are those who walk away are called the seven kinds of learning? From here and there those who are far away from, those who avoid, Inverters, suppressors, restrainers, preventers, guardians, protectors, they walk, walk, live, act, turn, guard, survive, and survive: in the eye, those who stay away from, avoid, and Inverters, suppressors, suppressors, preventers, guardians, and protectors they walk, walk, live, act, turn, guard, survive, survive... (omitted); in the heart of the nose... On the tongue and the heart... On the body and the heart... On the door, the heart is far away, avoided, reversed, suppressed, suppressed, preventer, guardian, protector. They walk, walk, live, Action, turning, guarding, survival, and survival, such as chicken feathers or muscles being thrown into the fire, it stays away (withdraws), avoids (withdraws), reverses, and is not stretched [AN.7.49]. Similarly, From here and there, those who are far away, avoiders, reversers, suppressors, suppressors, preventers, guardians, protectors, they walk, walk, live, act, turn, guard, survive, and survive: On the door of the eyes... (omitted) On the door of the ears... On the door of the nose... On the door of the tongue... On the door of the body... On the door, the heart is far away, avoided, and reversed , Suppressors, suppressors, preventers, guardians, protectors, they walk, walk, live, act, turn, guard, survive, survive, such as chicken feathers or tendons thrown into the fire, it stays away (withdraw) , Avoid (withdraw), reverse, and not be stretched. Those who walk away for this reason are called seven kinds of learning. "Being a monk", being a monk, Or when there is a monk. "It is for the monk to walk away.
"When you get close to a seat far away": "The place where they sit is called a seat: bed, chair, cushion, small cushion, leather cushion, straw cushion, leaf cushion, straw cushion. That seat is not appropriate. Seeing is removed, isolated, and stayed away; hearing of inappropriate sounds is removed, isolated, and stayed away; smell of inappropriate smell... taste of inappropriate taste... inappropriate touch contact... inappropriate The five desires are abandoned, separated, and far away. The one that is far away from the seat is close, completely close, obedient, bent to obey, completely obedient, and toward obedient." When he is close to and away from the seat.
     "They said it was appropriate for him: he would not allow his residence to be seen": "Appropriate", there are three kinds of appropriate: group appropriate, law appropriate, and non-reproductive appropriate. What is appropriate for groups? "If many bhikkhus are harmonious, happy with each other, without disputes, and in harmony, they live together and look at each other with kind eyes." This is appropriate for a group. What is appropriate? Four mindfulness, four righteousness, four divine feet, five faculties, five powers, seven enlightenment factors, and eight branches of the holy path. They all jump in, clear, stand, and liberate together. There is no such arguing and strong arguing about the law. This is Law is appropriate. What is not appropriate for regeneration? Even if many bhikkhus like Nibbana are in the unrefined Nibbana realm, the unreliable nibbana realm is not seen as insufficient or full because of this [AN.8.19], this is not appropriate for regeneration. "Dwelling", for those who fall into hell, there is a dwelling in the hell; for those in the animal world, there is a dwelling in the animal world; for those in the hungry ghost world, there is a dwelling in the hungry ghost world; World residence of the day. "They say that it is appropriate for him: he will not allow his residence to be seen": "It is appropriate for him; this is suitable; this is proportionate; this is corresponding; this It is obedient: anyone like this in the hidden hell will not be seen; your own in the animal world will not be seen; your own in the hungry ghost world will not be seen; your own in the human world will not be seen Be seen; in the world of heaven, their own will not be seen. They say this, talk this, talk this, explain this, talk this." It is appropriate for him to say for them: he will not make his own The residence was seen.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "When the bhikkhu walks away and gets close to the seat far away,
       They said it was appropriate for him: he would not allow his residence to be seen. "
    46. Muni is a non-dependent person in everything: do not do what is cute or not,
       Weeping and being stingy with him, like water on the leaves.
"Muni is the unrestrained person of everything": "Everything is called the twelve places: eyes and colors, ears and sounds, nose and smell, tongue and taste, body and touch, mind and law. "Muni" Mu Na is called wisdom... (slightly omitted) He is Mou Ni after being dyed with the net. "The non-dependant" has two kinds of dependence: the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing...... (slightly omitted) It is the refusal of craving... (slightly omitted) This is the refusal of seeing. After Munishe breaks the refusal of thirsty love; after breaking the refusal of desiring to see, he is the one who does not depend on the eyes; the one who does not depend on the ear; Those who do not depend on; those who do not depend on the tongue; those who do not depend on the body; those who do not depend on the mind; the colors... the sounds... the smells... the tastes... the touches... the dhammas... home... …Group (congregation)…dwelling…profit…famous…praise…happiness…clothing…food…dwelling…patient's necessities and medical necessities…the world of desire…the world of color…the world of colorlessness ...Wish to have...color has...colorless has...want to have...wonder to have...not want to have...one aggregate has...four aggregates have...five aggregates have...past...future …Now…what you see, hear, feel, know…all those who do not adhere to, those who do not stick, those who do not fall into, those who do not fixate, those who do not turn their minds towards (victory and solution). Already separated, already Leaving, being freed, and bound, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted." For Muni is the one who does not depend on everything.
     "Neither cute nor unlovable": "Cute", there are two kinds of cute: sentient beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here, wherever they are a mother, or father, or brother, or sister, or son, or daughter, or friend, or colleague, or relatives who want to be beneficial to him, or who want to be beneficial, or who want to stay away from the yoke, Or those with blood, these are lovely beings. What are cute lines? Desirable colors, desirable sounds, desirable smells, desirable flavors, desirable touches, these are lovely behaviors. There are two kinds of "unlovable": beings or deeds. What are unlovable beings? Here, whereThey do not want to benefit him, do not want to benefit, want to stay stable, want to kill them, these are unlovable beings. What are the unlovable lines? Unpleasant colors, unpleasant sounds, unpleasant smells, unpleasant tastes, unpleasant touches, these are unlovable behaviors. "Neither cute nor unlovable": ""These are my lovely sentient beings; these are desirable deeds." Don't be cute because of greed. "These are my unlovable sentient beings; these are undesirable All deeds." Don't make something unlovable because of hatred; don't make it happen, don't make it happen, don't make it arise, don't make it happen." Don't make it unlovable or unlovable.
"Weeping and stinginess are to him, as water does not contaminate the leaves": ""To him", to that person; to the Arahat whose troubles are exhausted. "Weeping", touched by the loss of relatives, or of property Loss touch, or disease loss (unfortunate) touch, or ring loss (loss) touch, or see loss (loss) touch, possess (encounter) certain loss (unfortunate), touch certain suffering There are states of lamentation, weeping, crying, crying, lamenting, weeping state, speech, useless words, muttering, weeping, tearing, and weeping. There are five kinds of stinginess: [to] stinginess of residence, stinginess of home, stinginess of gain, stinginess of praise, stinginess of law, all kinds of stinginess, stingy appearance, stingy state, greed, stingy, stingy, The state of clenching the heart is called stinginess. In addition, stingy is also stingy; stingy is also stingy; being stingy is also the opinion of stingy, which is called stingy.
"If water does not contaminate the leaves", the leaves are called lotus leaves, and the water (Vāri) is called water (udakaṃ), such as water on the lotus leaves that are not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated (not contaminated), in order not to be contaminated Those who are not infected, those who are not contaminated. The same applies to that person; to the Arahat who has exhausted his troubles, weeping and sorrow are not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated, no longer contaminated, no longer contaminated, and not closely contaminated. That person; the Arahat [in?] Those pollutions are not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated, no longer contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated. He has left, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of freedom and restriction. "Weeping and being stingy with him, like water does not stain the leaves.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Muni is a non-dependent person in everything: do not do what is cute or not,
       Weeping and being stingy with him, like water on the leaves. "
    47. It is also like a water drop on a lotus leaf, like water on a red lotus,
       Like this, Muni is not strongly contaminated, that is, in what you see, hear, and feel.
"It's like a drop of water on a lotus leaf": "A drop of water is called a drop of water, and a lotus leaf (Pokkharaṃ) is called a lotus leaf (padumapattaṃ). It is not strongly contaminated, and it is not contaminated closely anymore." It is like water drops on lotus leaves. "As water does not contaminate the red lotus": "Red lotus is called red lotus, and water (Vāri) is called water (udakaṃ). If water does not contaminate red lotus, it is not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated, it is no longer contaminated, It is no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated closely." It is like water does not contaminate the red lotus.
"Muni like this is not strongly contaminated, that is: in what you see, hear, and perceive": ""Like this" is a figurative arrangement. "Muni", Mou is called wisdom... (Omitted) Transcendence dyes the net Later he was Mou Ni. "Adhesion", there are two kinds of adhesion: [Cause] the adhesion of eagerness and [Cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of eagerness... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing. After Munishe breaks off the adhesion of thirsty love, after breaking the adhesion of perception, he will not be contaminated in what he sees; not contaminated in what he smells; not contaminated in what he feels; in knowledge Not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated, no longer contaminated, no longer contaminated strongly, no longer contaminated tightly. He has left, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted. "Because Muni is not strongly contaminated like this, that is, in what you see, hear, and feel.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "It is also like a drop of water on a lotus leaf, like water on a red lotus,
       Like this, Muni is not strongly contaminated, that is, in what you see, hear, and feel. "
    48. Because those who wash in that way don't think about it, that is: in what you see, hear, and feel,
       does not want to be cleansed by other things, because he is not stained, nor is it stained.
     "Because those who cleanse in that way don't think about it, that is: in what you see, hear, and perceive": ""Cleanse", cleanse is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) No delusion, choiceFa and right view, for what reason is cleansed and called Hui? With that wisdom body's evil deeds are shaken off, washed, completely washed, and separated from washing (washing); speech evil deeds...(slightly omitted) The intention and evil deeds are shaken off, washed, completely washed, and washed away; Greed is shaken off, cleansed, completely cleansed, and cleansed; anger... ignorance... anger... resentment... hiding evil... bossy... jealousy... stingy... fake... cunning... stubborn... ...Passion...slow...extremely slow...slow...slacking...all pollution...all evil...all troubles...all scorching heat...all heat...all unwholesome contrived things are shaken off and washed away Purification, complete purification, and separation purification. For this reason, purification is called Hui.
In addition, evil views are shaken off, washed, completely washed, and cleansed by right views; evil minds are shaken off, washed, completely cleaned, and cleansed by right views; evil words are shaken off by right words... Karma shakes off... Evil life is shaken off by righteous destiny... Evil spirit is shaken off by righteous energy... Evil thoughts are shaken off by righteous thoughts... Evil mind is shaken off by righteous concentration... Evil wisdom is shaken off by righteous wisdom... Relieve shaking off, wash, wash completely, wash away.
In addition, all pollution, all evil deeds, all afflictions, all scorching heat, all heat afflictions, and all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, cleansed, completely cleansed, and separated cleansed by the eight holy paths. The Arahat possesses, fully possesses, walks in , Fully walked in, Fully-sufficient, Fully-satisfied, possessing these cleansing methods. Therefore, an Arahat is a cleansing person. He is a person who shakes off greed, evil, polluters, and heat. "Is the cleanser.
"Because those who cleanse in that way do not think about what they see, hear, or feel": "The cleansers do not think about what you see, do not think about what you see, do not think about what you see, do not think about "what you see is mine". What you hear, do not think about what you hear, do not think about what you hear, do not think about "what you hear is mine." Do not think about what you feel, do not think about what you feel, do not think about what you feel, do not think about what you feel is "My". Don't think about what you know, don't think about what you know, don't think about what you know, don't think about "what you know is mine" [SN.35.30]. This was said by the World-Honored One: "Monks! "I am" , This is thinking; "I am this", this is thinking; "I will be", this is thinking; "I will not", this is thinking; "I will be colored," this is thinking; "I will be It is colorless", this is thinking; "I will be thinking", this is thinking; "I will be without thinking," this is thinking; "I will be thinking, not thinking," this is thinking. Bhikkhus! Thinking is a disease, thinking is a tumor, thinking is an arrow, thinking is a curse. Bhikkhus! Therefore, here, "we must live with a mindless heart." Bhikkhus! You should learn this way. "[SN.35.248]" because those who cleanse like that do not think about it, that is: in what you see, hear, and feel.
"Do not want to be purified by other things": "The person who is cleansed does not want, accept, hope, hope, or pray for other things: with impure ways, evil ways, and non-existence. In addition to all mindfulness, in addition to the right work, in addition to the feet of the gods, in addition to the roots, in addition to the forces, in addition to the enlightenment, in addition to the eight branches of the holy path, there is purity, purity, and purity. ; Departure, liberation, detachment all over." It is not to be purified by other things.
"Because he is neither tainted nor lied to be tainted": "All ignorant ordinary people, they are tainted, good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of learned, they are tainted, and the Arahat is neither tainted nor lied to be tainted: already lily to be tainted He becomes the state of freedom from greed by the extinction of greed; the state of freedom from greed by the extinction of anger; the state of freedom from ignorance by the extinction of delusion, he is a person who has fallen into a state and has practiced... ) The reincarnation of birth, old age and death, without his rebirth." Because he is neither tainted nor lied.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Because those who wash in that way don't think about it, that is: in what you see, hear, and feel,
       does not want to be cleansed by other things, because he is not stained, nor is it stained. "
    The sixth explanation of the old classics [completed].


Summary:
  1. People are sad on "mine" because there is no permanent possession + that is also deadly abandoned.
  2. Mu Ni is unlovable if he doesn't stick to it, he is not contaminated with sorrow, weeping and stinginess. He is neither tainted nor lied.
  12/11/2020 11:00
