7. Explanation of the Low Shemaitreya Sutra
    Secondly, the explanation of the Low Shemaitreya Sutra will say:
    49. [Venerable like this lowers Maitreya:] Those who engage in lust, dear sir! Please say annoyed,
       After hearing your teachings, we will learn by staying away.
"Person who engages in lust": The name of anyone who is not doing justice, filthy law (village law), filthy law, vulgarity, washing with water after friendship (waterside), secret, one-on-one, etc. to [AN.7.50] For lust law. For what reason is it called the law of lust? "It belongs to two people who are greedy, greedy, full of desire and greed (leakage), entangled, the heart is overwhelmed, and two people are in the same way." For that reason, it is called the law of lust. For example, if there are two quarrelers, they are called "fornicators"; there are two disputers, and they are called "fornicators"; there are two discussants, and they are called "fornicators"; there are two disputers. They are called "fornicators"; there are two advocators, they are called "fornicators"; there are two speakers, they are called "fornicators"; there are two interlocutors, they Known as "the adulterer". In the same way, "belongs to two people who are greedy, greedy, full of desire and greed (leakage), entangled, whose heart is overwhelmed, and two people are in the same way." For that reason, it is called the law of lust.
"One who engages in lust": "The one who puts on the yoke, the strong one, the one who faces the yoke, the one who fully faces the yoke, the one who practices the one, the one who repeats the yoke, the one who emphasizes the one, the one who tends to the slope, To that person, to that person, to that person, to that person to increase." For those who engage in lust.
"[Like this venerable one lowers Maitreya]": ""Like this", the continuation of sentences; the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this" "Venerable", this is the language of love, respect, respect, and obedience, which is "Venerable." "Low House", the name, name, title, security, common name, name, naming, Appellations, words, phrases, and titles. "Milei", the surname, name, title, security, and common name of the seated person." It is [Like this venerable one lowers Maitreya].
"Dear Sir! Please say annoyance": ""annoyance", annoyance, injury, oppression, blow, harm, disaster. Please say, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish , Please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain. "Dear Sir", "This is a love language, a respectful language, a respectful language, and a submissive language." For my dear sir." For my dear Mr! Please say annoyed.
     "After hearing your teachings": "Your speech, language, teachings, teachings, admonitions after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, after understanding, after discriminating." After hearing your teaching.
     "We will learn from being far away": "Being away", there are three types of being away: body far away, mind far away, and adherence far away. What is staying away? Here, the monk is close to the solitary residence: woods, trees, mountains, caves, caves, cemeteries, forests, open fields, straw piles, living away from the body, he walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, lies alone, alone for alms Entering the village, returning alone, sitting alone in the quiet place, alone doing the practice, walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, sustaining, and living alone is to stay away.
     What is the mind away? The mind of the person who enters the first jhana has been far away from the covers, the mind of the person who has entered the second jhana has been far away from seeking and seeking, the heart of the person who has entered the third jhana has been far away from happiness, and the heart of the person who has entered the fourth jhana has been separated from happiness and suffering Far away, the mind of the person who enters the void and boundlessness has already thought about things, there is antithetical thinking, and all kinds of desires to be far away, the heart of the person who enters the boundlessness of consciousness has wanted to stay away from the void and boundlessness, and the mind of the person who has entered nowhere has thought from the boundlessness of consciousness To stay away, to enter the mind of the person who has no thoughts, and wants to stay away from nothing. The mind of the Sudhahuan person has changed from seeing, suspicious, forbidden, seeing the potential trend of defilement, the potential trend of doubt defilement, and the same. The pollution of existence is far away. The heart of the one who has come has changed from the rough desire and greed knot, the disgust knot, the latent tendency of the rough desire, greed and trouble, the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution of the same existence. The remaining knots of desire and greed, disgust, from the remaining potential trends of desire, greed, disgust, and the pollution that exist with them, the Arahat's heart has changed from color greed, colorless greed, slowness, aversion, ignorance, and slowness. The latent tendency of troubles, the latent tendency of greed and defilements, the latent tendency of ignorance defilements, and the pollution that coexists with are far away from the outside and everything.
    What is keeping away? Relying on is called pollution and various aggregates and various works; Relying on distance is called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all dependence, the extinction of craving, greed, extinguishment, and Nibbana , This is to stay away. Being far away belongsThe body continues to be far away and willing to leave the desires; the heart fareness belongs to the purity of the heart and the highest purity; the adherence to farther away belongs to the unattached person, who comes to leave the world. "We will learn from far away": The one who is here is already a learner. In addition, this is said by the hearers of the teaching of the Dhamma. For "we will learn from away."
    Because of that, the upper seat lowered Maitreya and said:
     "[Like this Venerable Desire Maitreya:] Those who engage in lust, dear sir! Please say annoyed,
       After hearing your teachings, we will learn by staying away. "
    50. [Blessed One: "Miracle!"] Those who engage in lust, or even forget the precepts,
       acted wrongly, for him this is unholy.
     "Person who engages in lust": Anyone who is illicit, filthy (village law), filthy, vulgar, washed with water after friendship (waterside), secret, one-on-one, etc. is called lust. For what reason is it called the law of lust? "It belongs to two people who are greedy, greedy, full of desire and greed (leakage), entangled, the heart is overwhelmed, and two people are in the same way." For that reason, it is called the law of lust. For example, if there are two quarrelers, they are called "fornicators"; there are two disputers, and they are called "fornicators"; there are two discussants, and they are called "fornicators"; there are two disputers. They are called "fornicators"; there are two advocators, they are called "fornicators"; there are two speakers, they are called "fornicators"; there are two interlocutors, they Known as "the adulterer". In the same way, "belongs to two people who are greedy, greedy, full of desire and greed (leakage), entangled, whose heart is overwhelmed, and two people are in the same way." For that reason, it is called the law of lust.
"One who engages in lust": "The one who puts on the yoke, the strong one, the one who faces the yoke, the one who fully faces the yoke, the one who practices the one, the one who repeats the yoke, the one who emphasizes the one, the one who tends to the slope, To that person, to that person, to that person, to that person to increase." For those who engage in lust.
"'Milere': The Lord calls the person who has taken the seat by his surname.'World Lord' is synonymous with respect. In addition, the'Destroyed greed' is the Lord; the'Destroyed wicked' is the Lord; and the'Destroyed idiot' is the Lord ; "The one who has destroyed the slow" is the Blessed One; the "the one who has destroyed the sight" is the Blessed One; the "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed One; the "the one who has destroyed the pollutants" is the Blessed one; "Someone who ends up" is the Blessed One; "the one who has practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed one; or "the Blessed one is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): less voice 'The Blessed One is the Blessed One, who is quiet, away from the human atmosphere, who lives alone, and is suitable for sitting alone' is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the sick, and medical necessities; or "The Blessed One is the one who has the taste of righteousness, the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the world-blessed one; or "The Blessed One is the divided one with four kinds of Zen, four immeasurables, four colorlessness, etc. "The Blessed One is the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the Participant of the Eight Liberation, the Eight Victory Places, and the Ninth Dwelling Places, etc." is the Blessed One; The one who is purely divided is the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the one who divides the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four gods, the five roots, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path." The Blessed One is the one who has ten Tathagata strength, four fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six magical powers, and six enlightenment methods." The Blessed One is the Blessed One. "The Blessed One", this name is not given (made) by the mother; not given by the father; no What is given by brothers; not by sisters; not by friends; not by relatives; not by Shamon or Brahman; not by heaven. This is ultimate liberation; to Buddha, the worldly-honored person, and under the Bodhi tree Together with all the knowledge and wisdom gained and testimony Anri (pseudonym), that is, the Blessed One." is [Blessed One: "Milei!"].
     "Or even forget the precepts": Forget the precepts in two ways: forget the precepts of learning, and the precepts of Taoism. "What is the learned commandment? For him, those who have learned Shudara, Zaiye, Jishu, Gada, Udana, Rhyme, Jataka, No Dhamma, Vaifura, this is learned teaching Commandment. He forgets, completely forgets, forcefully forgets, completely forcefully forgets, and becomes an outsider." This is or even will forget the commandment.
"What is the Taoist commandment? The correct path, the following path, the uninverted path, the path where it means, the path where the law follows the law, the completeness of the precepts, the guardian of the roots, the right amount of food, and the sober practice. , Mindfulness and Right Knowledge, Four Mindfulness, Four Righteousness, Four Spiritual Feet, Five Senses, Five Powers, Seven Enlightenment Factors, Eight Branches of the Holy Path, this is the Taoist commandment. He forgets, completely forgets, strong forgets, and completely forgets , Become an outsider." This is also or even forgets to teachcommandment.
     "acting wrongly": "Killing, taking without giving, invading people's homes, taking predators, blocking roads, robbing, abducting wives, saying falsehood." It means acting wrongly.
"For him this is unsacred": "For that person this is unsacred, foolish, ignorant, ignorant, sophistry (immortality and chaos) law, that is: evil path." For him, it is unsacred .
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[Blessed One: "Mille!"] Those who engage in lust, or even forget the precepts,
       acted wrongly, for him this is unholy. "
    51. After walking alone before, whoever engages in lust,
       He is like a stray car in the world, they said: a bad ordinary man.
     "Before and after walking alone": Before and after walking alone in two ways: in the name of a monk or abandonment by the masses. How to go alone before becoming a monk? After cutting off all obstacles at home, cutting off the obstacles of children and wives, cutting off the obstacles of relatives, cutting off the obstacles of friends, cutting off the obstacles of storage, after cutting off the hair and beards, putting on the robes, from home After becoming a monk and becoming a non-home life, you should walk alone, live, act, turn around, guard, survive, and survive after starting to become a state of nothing. In this way, you should go alone before becoming a monk.
     How to walk alone before the masses give up righteousness? When he became a monk in this way, he was alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): quiet, quiet, remote, alone, suitable for sitting alone; he walked alone, alone Stand, sit alone, lie alone, enter the village alone for alms, return alone, sit alone in a quiet place, alone perform prayers, walk alone, live, move, turn around, guard, survive, survive, so as to be the masses Before the renunciation of righteousness, after walking alone.
     "Anyone who engages in lust": Anyone who is not in the right way... (omitted) is called the law of lust...for that reason is called the law of lust "Anyone who engages in lust": "Anyone who abandons Buddhism, Dhamma, Sangha, learns and then returns to secular life, engages in, turns to engage in, fully engages, and heads to engage in lust." For all those who engage in lust.
"He is like a stray car ride in the world": ""Car ride", stray, achromatic, unmade, untrained elephant cart ride, horse cart ride, ox cart ride, goat carriage ride, male Sheep cart rides, camel cart rides, donkey carriage rides, it takes a side road, climbs up uneven stubbles and rocks, destroys the boarded carts and rides, and falls into the cliff. Like the stray, uncontrollable, The untrained and untrained car and ride take the side way. Similarly, the vulgar person is similar to the stray car and ride. He takes the side way (evil way) and takes the evil view... (omitted) to take the evil mind. The stray, untuned, untrained, untrained rides climbed on the uneven stubbles and rocks. Similarly, the vulgar person was similar to the stray rides, he boarded the uneven body. Karma, ascend to the improper language kamma, ascend the improper mental kamma, ascend the improper killing, ascend the imperfectly to take without giving, ascend the improper licentiousness, descend as the improper lie, descend On the irregularities, on the rough and bad language of the irregularities, on the offensive language on the irregularities, on the greed of the irregularities, on the malice of the irregularities, on the evil views of the irregularities, on the various things of the irregularities Go, climb up the five desires of unevenness, and climb the covers of unevenness. As the stray, achromatic, unmade, untrained ride destroys the boarded ride, the same Yes, the person who returned to the secular world was like a stray car. He destroyed himself in hell (destroyed himself), in the animal world, in the hungry ghost world, in the human world, and in the heavenly world. Like the stray, untuned, unmade, untrained car and ride falling into the cliff, the same, the vulgar person is like a stray car and ride, he falls into the cliff of life, The old cliff fell into the cliff of disease, fell into the cliff of death, fell into the cliff of sorrow and despair. "In the world", in the world of suffering, in the world of mankind." For him, he was lost in the world. Car ride.
     "They said: the inferior ordinary man": "Ordinary man", what is the meaning of ordinary man? "They caused a lot of pollution to be born." For ordinary people; "Many people who have not been removed (killed)" are ordinary people; "Those who see the faces of many masters" are ordinary people; "Those who have not come out of many things of interest" are ordinary people; "They made many kinds of things." For ordinary people; "They were swept away by many kinds of violent currents." For ordinary people; "They were annoyed by many kinds of torture." For ordinary people; "They were burned out by many kinds of heat. "For ordinary people; "the one who is greedy, craving, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in many five desires" is ordinary; "covered and enclosed by many five kinds of desires" , Obstructed, closed, covered, covered"For ordinary people. "They say: scumbag ordinary people": "They say so, speak so, talk so, explain, say: scumbag, despicable, inferior, inferior, low-minded, insignificant ordinary people." For them Said: Inferior ordinary people.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After walking alone before, anyone who engages in lust,
       He is like a stray car in the world, they said: a bad ordinary man. "
    52. Wherever the previous glory and reputation, his one may even be abandoned,
       After seeing this, he should study and give up his lust.
"Any previous glory and praise, his one may even be abandoned": "What is glory? Here, a certain type of people are respected, respected, respected, respected, clothes, food, shelter, The patient's needs and the gainer of medical necessities, this is glory. What is praise? Here, a certain type of people came to praise and praise when they were in the previous Shamon state. They are the wise, the wise, the wise, the hearer, and the eloquent. Those who should be defensive and skillful: are "the chanter (the teacher)", or the "law holder (lawyer)", or the "speaker", or the "live in the forest", or the "beggar", or "wear Dung sweeper", or "three-clothed person", or "second beggar", or "not eaten after eating", or "usually sitting [not lying]", or "living anywhere", or " "The gainer of the first jhana", or "the gainer of the second jhana", or the "the gainer of the third jhana", or the "the gainer of the fourth jhana", or the "the gainer of the emptiness and boundlessness", or "Knowing the getter who waits everywhere", or "the getter who has nothing to wait for", or "the getter who does not want to wait for nothing", this is praise. "It is the glory and reputation before Fan.
     "His one may even be abandoned." After a while, when he gave up the Buddha, Dhamma, Sangha, learned and then returned to the vulgar, that glory and that reputation declined, declined, lost, declined, disappeared, and shattered. "For Fan's previous glory and praise, his one may even be abandoned.
"After seeing this, he should learn, he should give up his lust": "This", the glory and praise in the previous state of Shaman, later, when he gave up the Buddha, Dhamma, Sangha, learned and returned to the vulgar, there is no glory and no reputation, this It is to achieve failure. "After seeing", "after seeing, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." This is after seeing. "He should learn." There are three learnings: increase precept learning, increase mind learning, and increase wisdom learning. What is to add to school? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is protected by the self-control of the Polo Timucha. He has sufficient righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the terrible in minor sins, and learns after being upheld at the school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept aggregates are the foundation of abstinence, the [self] inhibition of behavior, the entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dhamma, etc., this is to increase precept learning.
    What is to learn more? Here, the bhikkhu lives in the first jhana of seeking and waiting after entering from desire and unwholesome dhamma, and joy and happiness after separation... (slightly omitted) second jhana... third jhana... after entering [Without suffering or happiness, chanting from calm to pure] The fourth jhana, this is to increase the mind.
    What is to go to school? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise person, possessing the wisdom that leads to the arising and passing away; the holy, insight, and the complete extinction of suffering [zhihui], he truthfully knows "this is suffering." truthfully knows "this is the collection of suffering "Knowing the truth "This is suffering." Knowing the truth "This is the path leading to suffering." Knowing the truth: "These are troubles." Knowing the truth: "This is the collection of troubles." Knowing the truth: "This is the extinction of defilements." To know the truth: "This is the path leading to defilement of defilements." This is to increase the wisdom of school. Anyone who is not Dhamma... (omitted) is called the Law of Lust... for that reason it is called the Law of Lust.
"After seeing this, he should learn, he should abandon lust." "For the abandonment, calming, cessation, and cessation of lust, he should learn to increase precepts, he should also learn to increase mind, and he should also learn to increase wisdom. These three studies should be learned when heading towards (noting); learning when knowing; learning when seeing; learning when introspecting; learning when establishing (decision) when the heart is established; learning when solving with faith; when You should learn when you are vigorous; you should learn when mindfulness arises; you should learn when mind concentration (concentration); you should learn when you know with wisdom; you should learn when you know what should be known; when omniscience should be known You should learn when you are omniscient; you should learn when you should be renounced; you should learn when you practice should be practiced; you should learn when you should be practiced as a witness [Ps.1,41.], you should practice, It should be practiced well, and after being held up, he should turn around." In order to see this, he should learn and give up lust.
     BecauseFor that, the Lord said:
     "Wherever the previous glory and reputation, his one may even be abandoned,
       After seeing this, he should study and give up his lust. "
    53. He was defeated by intention, thinking like a miserable person,
       After hearing this blame from others, people like that become ashamed.
"He was defeated by his intention, and he thought like a miserable one": "The intention to be desired, the intention to harm, the intention to harm, the intention to see touched, tortured, combined, possessed, covered, he thought, thought strongly, thought with all kinds of thoughts, After leaving there, thinking like a miserable person; like a dull person; like an extremely foolish person. Like an owl looking for a mouse on a branch and thinking hard, thinking with all kinds of thinking, thinking after leaving there, like a jackal looking for a fish on a river bank , Strong thinking, thinking with all kinds of thinking, thinking after leaving there, like a cat looking for mice in gaps, sewers, garbage dumps, thinking, thinking with all kinds of thinking, thinking after leaving there, like a donkey that has been cut off. In the gap, in the sewer, in the garbage dump, thinking, thinking hard, thinking with all kinds of thinking, thinking after leaving there [MN.50], in the same way, the intention of the person who returned to the secular was to be desired, malicious, intention to harm, see His intention touches, tortures, combines, possesses, and covers. He thinks, thinks strongly, uses all kinds of thoughts, and after leaving there, he thinks like a miserable person; like a dull person; like an extremely foolish person." Because he was defeated by his intention, thinking like a miserable person. By.
"After hearing this blame from others, people like that kind become ashamed": ""Others," a parent teacher, or teacher (阿闍梨), or equivalent to a teacher, or equivalent to a teacher, or a friend, or acquaintance, or close person , Or peer supervision: "Xueyou! After you get a great master like this, become a monk in such a well-spoken law, and get a holy group like this, the following elements of the bad lust law give up the Buddha, Dhamma, Sangha, and then learn Returning to the vulgar is not your gain for that; for that it is your evil gain. There is indeed no faith in you in the good law, and there is no shame in the good law, and there is indeed no you in the good law Ashamed, you do not have your vitality in good dhamma, your thoughts in good dhamma, and your wisdom in good dhamma. [AN.5.5]" "Hear, hear, grasp, understand , Distinguish their words, ways of speaking, teaching, admonitions, and teachings to become ashamed, oppressed, struck, and distressed, and become a state of worry. "Like that kind of person": Like that kind, like That kind, belonging to that kind of residence, that kind of kind, that kind of thing like that, that he has returned to the vulgarity." After hearing this rebuke of others, those like that kind became ashamed.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "He was defeated by intention, thinking like a miserable person,
       After hearing this blame from others, people like that become ashamed. "
    54. He made swords again, when he was urged by others' words,
       This would indeed be a big cave: he jumped into falsehood.
"He makes swords again, when he is urged by the words of others": ""again", sentence continuation; sentence connection; sentence completion; combination of words; connection of words and sentences; this is the order of the sentence, which is " "Zhu Dao", there are three types of knives: body knives, speech knives, and mind knives, three body knives and deeds body knives, four speech deeds and speech knives, and three deeds of deeds and meaning knives. "Be urged by others When being urged by a pro-teacher, or a teacher, or equivalent to a pro-teacher, or equivalent to a teacher, or a friend, or acquaintance, or close person, or peer, he deliberately said vainly. He said, "Great Virtue! Me! He is a joyful monk, [but] for me, I should raise my mother because of being returned to the secular." He said: "For me, I should raise my father because of being returned to the secular." For me, I should raise my brother... For me, I should raise sisters...for me, I should raise my son...for me, I should raise my daughter...for me, I should raise friends...for me, I should raise colleagues...for me, I should Raising relatives... He said: "For me, I should raise people with blood, because they are returned to the vulgarity." He is a speech knife; he makes it happen, makes it happen, makes it arise, makes it happen." Do all the swords when being urged by the words of others.
"This will indeed be a big cave": "This is his big cave, big forest, big dense forest, big dangerous road, big danger, big bend, big mud, big mud, big obstacle, big tie, namely: deliberately Lie." Because this is indeed a big cave.
"He jumped into false speech": false speech is called false speech. Here, a certain type of person comes to the synagogue, or to the assembly, or to the relatives, or to the group, or to the palace, and is brought as a witness for questioning: "Hey! Come! Man! Please tell me what you know." He said without knowing, "I know."Or, he knows and says: "I don't know." He doesn't see, and he says: "I see." Or, he sees and says: "I don't see." Like this, he uses his own or other people's Because, or because of a little temptation to deliberately speak [AN.3.28], this is called false speech.
Or, use the three behaviors as liars: just before [saying] [mind]: "I will say liars." When speaking [mind]: "I say liars." When already said [心想]: "The liar has been said by me." These three behaviors are used as liars. Or, use the four behaviors as liars: just before [saying] [mind]: "I will say liars." When speaking [mind]: "I speak liars." When already said [心想]: "The liar has been said by me." There are opinions of different attachments (wrong), and these four behaviors are considered liars. Or, with five forms... with six forms... with seven forms... with eight forms as lie: just before [say] [mind]: "I will speak lie." When [Mind Thinking]: "I said liar." When it has been said [Mind Thinking]: "I have said the liar." There are opinions of different attachments (wrong), the likes of different attachments, the hobbies of different attachments , There are different attachments, the nature of different attachments, these eight behaviors are lie. "He jumped into false speech": "He jumped in, dived into, dived into, entered false speech." Jumped into false speech for him.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "He made swords again, when he was urged by others' words,
       This would indeed be a big cave: he jumped into falsehood. "
    55. A famous wise man who walks alone,
       But when he is lustful, he is dragged around like a dull person.
"Famous wise man": "Here, a certain type of person came to praise and praise when he was in the previous state of sandman: he is a wise man, a wise man, a wise man, a wise man, an eloquent man, and a eloquent man who should be eloquent. Jingzhe (jingshi)", or "law holder (lawyer)", or "speaker"...... (abbreviated) or "the one who has not wanted to wait until he gets it". In this way, he is known, Known, famous." is a famous wise man.
"Solo traveler": "There are two ways to travel alone: in the name of a monk or abandoning righteousness from the masses. How to make a solo in the name of a monk? After cutting off all obstacles to home... (omitted) In this way, he is a solitary person in the name of a monk. How can he be a solitary person in the name of abandonment of the masses? When he is a monk in this way, he will be alone in the woods, wilderness, and border areas... To walk alone." To walk alone.
     "But when he is united in lust": Anyone who is not correct or unscrupulous (village law)... (omitted) is called the law of lust... for that reason it is called the law of lust. "But when he is united in lust": "After a while, he abandons the Buddha, Dhamma, the Sangha, learns and then returns to the secular world. He should be united in the lust (upper yoke), strong on the yoke [, complete yoke], When facing the upper yoke, completely facing the upper yoke." It is when he is united in lust.
"Like a dull person being pulled around": "The miserable person is like a dull person, like a very foolish person being dragged, dragged around, getting into trouble: killing, taking without giving, invading people, taking prey, blocking the way, robbing, abducting Wife, said falsehood, so that he was dragged, dragged around, and got into trouble. After the king caught him, he was punished with various punishments: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with a stick, cutting off his hands, feet, hands and Feet, ears, nose, ears and nose, tortured by sour porridge pot penalties, shell bald penalties, Luohou mouth penalties, fire torture penalties, candle hand penalties, exorcism penalties, bark coat penalties, antelope penalties, crochet penalties, money penalties, alkali Bathing, twisting the door latch, stepping on the straw, drenching hot oil, causing a dog to bite, piercing while alive, beheading with a sword, so that he is dragged, dragged around, and get into trouble.
Or, conquered by desire and thirst, the heart is occupied, and when I ask for money, I jump into the sea with a boat, be tortured by the cold and heat, by the contact of the fly mosquito, the wind and the sun, and die with hunger and thirst, and walk down Bo; go to Tao Goule; go to Tao Ge Xi Le; go to the black face; go to Mancheng; go to Wei Sun's; go to Wei La Bo Tao; go to Ruo Wah; go to Da Ma Li; go to Bangladesh ;Walk to the deaf and bound;Walk to the Golden Summit;Walk to the Golden Land;Walk to the Tongyu;Walk to Suboda Ge;Walk to Baru Ge to drink;Walk to Sule Tao; Go to the salad? Go to the salad; go to the first time; go to the first time; go to the Wenag; go to the Mulapota, go to the dangerous road in the desert; go to the knee to walk to pass The road where the goats go; the road where the goats go; the road that can only be passed when supported by pillars; the road that can only be passed by holding a parachute; the road that can only be passed when the bamboo bush is cut; To the bird road; to the mouse road; to theCracked road; walked to the vine-walking road, so that he was dragged, pulled around, and got into trouble.
     When he was seeking, he did not find it, and felt distressed because of not getting it, so he was dragged, dragged around, and got into trouble.
When he sought, he found it, and felt distressed because of the protection he got: "Whether my belongings will be taken away by the king, the thieves will not take it away, the fire will not burn, and the water will not flow away. The lovely heirs will not take it away. When he guards and protects in this way, his property is destroyed, he is rooted in separation and feels distress, so he is dragged, dragged around, and got into trouble. "Because he is dragged around like a dull person when he is united in lust.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Famous wise men who walk alone,
       But when he is lustful, he is dragged around like a dull person. "
    56. Muni is here in front and back. After knowing this problem,
       He will do it alone and will not engage in lust.
"Muni is here in front and back, after knowing this trouble": ""This", there was glory and praise when he was in the state of Sammon before, and there was no glory and praise when he gave up the Buddha, Dhamma, Sangha, learned and returned to the vulgar afterwards. , This attainment and loss. "After knowing", after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Muni", Mou is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... After transcendence, he is Muni. "Here", belongs to this view; belongs to this love; belongs to this hobby; in this attachment; in this law; in this law; in this law; in In this teaching language (teaching); in this Sanskrit; in the teachings of this master; in this individual; in this human world." For Muni is here in front and back, knowing the aftermath .
"He will firmly do alone": "In two ways he will firmly do alone: in the name of a monk or in the renunciation of righteousness by the masses. How can he do so firmly in the name of a monk? After all the obstacles at home, after cutting off the obstacles of wives and children, after cutting off the obstacles of relatives, after cutting off the obstacles of friends, after cutting off the obstacles of storage, shaved hair and beards, wrapped in robes, and became a monk from home, After becoming a non-family life, after embarking on a state of no possessions, he should walk alone, live, act, turn around, guard, survive, and survive, so that he will firmly walk alone in the name of a monk.
     How can he do his own way firmly with the rejection of the masses? When he is a monk like this, he will be alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): quiet, quiet, away from people, living alone, suitable for sitting alone; he will walk alone , Will stand alone, will sit alone, will lie alone, will enter the village alone for alms, will return alone, will sit alone in a quiet place, will perform alone, will walk alone, live, move, turn around, guard, To survive, to survive, so that he will be firmly committed to acting alone by giving up righteousness from the masses. "He will be firm, firm, and alone, he will be a firm holder of good Dhamma; he will be a standing holder." For he will be firm and alone.
"Will not engage in lust": "Anyone who is illegal or unscrupulous (village law)... (omitted) is called the law of lust...for that reason is called the law of lust. He will not get close to or engage in the law of lust , Will not participate, will not be used, will not practice, will not be good at practice (complete practice), will not be held to turn around." It is not engaged in lust.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Muni is here, before and after, after knowing this trouble,
       He will do it alone and will not engage in lust. "
    57. He should learn to stay away, this is the highest of all saints,
      [But] he shouldn't think that he is the most victorious because of that, in front of the one who is indeed Nibbana.
     "He should learn to stay away": "To stay away", there are three types of stay away: body stay away, mind stay away, and adhere to stay away. What is staying away? ...... (Omitted) This is to stay away. The distance of the body belongs to the continuous separation of the body and the willingness to leave the desire; the separation of the mind belongs to the purity of the heart and the highest purity; the separation of the body belongs to the unattached person, who comes to leave. "He should learn." There are three kinds of learning: increasing precept learning, increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning... (abbreviated) This is increasing wisdom learning. "He should learn to stay away": "He should learn, practice, practice well, and turn away after being sustained." For he should learn to stay away.
"This is the supreme of all the saints": "All the saints are called the Buddhas and the disciples of the Buddhas and the Pichi Buddhas. This is the first, the most victorious, the supreme, the supreme, and the supreme among the saints. , The most top, that is: stay away from the line." For thisIt belongs to the highest of All Saints.
"[But] he should not think that he is the most victorious because of that": "Should not be far away from the act of tribute, lofty, arrogant, fortitude, stubborn (arrogance), and arrogance should not be made because of that. It shouldn't be a stupid, very stiff, head-raising person because of that." For [but] he shouldn't be considered the best because of that.
     "In front of the person who is truly Nibbana": "In front of, near, near, not far away, near the person who is Nibbana." It is in front of the person who is truly Nibbana.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "He should learn to stay away, this is the highest of all saints,
      [But] he shouldn't think that he is the most victorious because of that, in front of the one who is indeed Nibbana. "
    58. To Muni, who is empty, who has no expectation in desire,
       People who are tied up in desire envy those who have survived the storm.
"Muni against the void": "The void, the far away, the separated, the evil doing the void, the far away, separated with the body; the evil deeds with the words... (abbreviated) the evil deeds with the intention... With greed... With hatred... With delusion... With anger... With resentment... With evil... With domineering... With jealousy... With stinginess... With hypocrisy... With cunning... With stubbornness... With passion... With slow... With extreme slow... With slowness... With ease... With all pollution... With all evil... With all troubles... With all scorching... With all heat... ...With all unwholesomeness made empty, far away, and separated. "Muni", Mou is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (omitted) After being dyed with the net, he is Mou Ni. "When "Walking in" means walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding, making existence, making existence in." It is Muni who opposes nothingness.
"Those who have no expectation in desire": "Desire", from praising there are two desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... (omitted) these are called The desire to pollute. After being omniscience in the desire for things, after giving up, after abandoning, after being driven away, after the end, after making it non-existent, when the desire for things is not expected, it becomes already Those who have given up their desires, those who have eliminated their desires, those who have released their desires, those who have given up their desires, those who have ceased their desires, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed Those who have ceased to be greedy, those who are not hungry and thirsty, those who have cooled down, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who live by themselves as Brahman." Those who have no expectations in their desires.
"People who are tied up in desire are envious of those who have survived the violence": ""People" are synonymous with all beings. People are greedy, coveted, bound, infatuated, tainted, attached to their desires , Fixed, obstructed, they want, accept, hope, aspire, and pray for those who have passed the torrent of desire; some have passed the torrent; those who have seen the torrent have passed; the ignorant torrent Those who have passed; those who have passed, have come out, have passed, have passed, have passed, have overcome; those who have reached the other shore; those who have reached the other shore, have reached the ultimate (target); have reached the ultimate Those who have reached the end; those who have reached the end, those who have reached the border (extreme); those who have reached the border, those who have reached the terminator; those who have reached the terminator, those who have reached the ambulance; those who have reached the ambulance, have reached the refuge Those who have reached the refuge, those who have come to refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached no terror; those who have reached no terror, they have reached no dead; those who have reached no dead, have reached the undead; have arrived The undead, the one who has reached Nibbana; the one who has reached Nibbana. Such as the debtor desires and envy of being debt-free; such as the sick who desires and envy of being free from disease; such as the fetters (fetters) who desire and envy to be free from the fetters; as the slave desires and envy of being free from the slave Those who jump into the difficult road hope and envy stability as the ultimate place. Similarly, people are greedy, craving, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in their desires. , They want, accept, hope, aspire, and pray for those who have passed the torrent of desire; some who have passed the torrent... (omitted) those who have reached Nibbana; those who have reached Nibbana." The bound people envy those who have survived the storm.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "For Muni, who is empty and has no expectations in desire,
       People who are tied up in desire envy those who have survived the storm. "
     The seventh explanation of the Maitreya Sutra [Completed].


Summary:
  1. Annoyed by the lustful: forgetting the commandments, doing ten evils (ten swords), dishonoring, and being blamed.
  2. Deliberate lies will be a big cave.
  12/11/2020 15:20
