7. Description of the Scripture of the Low
 Second, the description of the Scripture of Sheemilereb
 49. [His Holiness Low Shermare, like this:] Those who engage in lust, dear sir! Please say annoyance,
 After hearing your commandments, we will learn away.
 "Engage in lust": Whoever is illegal, filthy law (village law), evil law, crude, affectionate, cleansed with water (waterside), secret, one-to-one equal to [AN.7.50] is called the law of lust. For what reason is called the Lust Act? "Of the two men who are greedy, the greedy, full of greedy, the bondage, the heart is overtaken, and the same." It is called the law of lust for that reason. If there are two brawlers, they are called "sickers"; there are two contenders, they are called the "sickers"; there are two interlocutors, they are referred to as "sabbers"; and there are two contenders, they are called the "sickers" There are two litigators, they are called "sayers"; there are two commentators, they are called "sayers"; and two interlocutors, they are called "sayers." By the same way, "of two men who are greedy, the greedy, full of greed, and the entangled, and the hearts are overtaken, and the two are likewise." It is called the law of lust for that reason.
 "Those who engage in lust": "The yoke above the law of lust, the strong yoke, toward the upper yoke, toward the upper yoke, to the one who is fully upward, to that doer, he who has repeatedly come to that, he who rests on it, who inclines to that slope , tilt toward that person, aspire to that, and the increase of it." For those who engage in lust.
 "[Like this]": "Like this, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the union of words; the connection of words; this is the second sentence, "like this." "His Holiness" is a word of love, respect, respect, obedience, as the "His Holiness." "Low House", the seat's name, name, name, Anli, common name, name, name, title, word, phrase, title. "Maitreya", the surname, name, Anli, common name of the seat. For [like this, His Holiness Low Shermare].
 "Dear sir! Please say annoyance": "annoy", annoy, hurt, oppression, blow, evil, evil. Please say, please explain, please teach, please inform you, please build, please you uncover, please parse, please clarify, please explain. "Dear Sir, "This is a word of love, respectful, respectful, obedient." For dear sir." For dear sir! Please say annoyance.
 "After hearing your commandments": "Your words, your way, teaching, teaching, admonition, after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, after understanding, after discerning." For hearing your commandments after.
 "We will learn from far": "Away", there are three kinds of distance: away from body, heart away, and stay away. What is body away? Here, Bichu close to living alone: forest, under trees, mountains, caves, caves, cemeteries, forests, open ground, straw piles, to the body to live away, he walks alone, standing alone, sitting alone, lying alone, lying alone, alone In order to go into the village, return alone, sit alone, alone, alone, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, this is the body away.
 What is Heart Away? Enter the heart of the first Zen has been far from the cover, into the heart of the second Zen has been far from all seeking, into the heart of the third Zen has been far from joy, into the heart of the fourth Zen has been away from joy and bitterness, into the void boundless The heart has thought from color, have to think, all kinds of want to stay away from, into the heart of the infinite sense of the infinity has to be away from the void, into the heart of the nowhere to know no bounds, into the heart of the people who want to be From nothing to want to stay away, the heart has been removed from the presence, suspicion, forbidden, see the potential trend of troubles, troubles potential trends, and with its persistence of pollution away, the heart of those who have come from crude want to corrupt 、Evil knot，From the rough desire to annoy potential trend，Suspicious annoyance potential trend，And with its existence away from the pollution，Do not return the heart from the residual desire to corrupt, evil knot，From the residual desire to annoy potential The trend, the potential trend of evil troubles, and with its existing pollution away, Alohan's heart has been from color greedy, colorless greedy, slow, unclear, slow troubles potential trend, potential trend of greedy troubles, unclear troubles The potential trend, and the pollution that persists with it, is away from the outside and everything.
 What is Keep Away? According to the known as the pollution and all creations; from being called immortality, Nibbana, that is all done, all according to the conviction, thirst of love extinction, away from greed, extinct, Nibbana, this is by far from. Body away from is to belongThe body continues to be away from desire; heart away from the heart is pure, reach the highest whiteness; by far from belongs to the unrelying people, to leave. "We will learn away": The seat was a learner. In addition, for hearing of teaching of law, teaching of law, said so. for "We will learn away from".
 For then, the upper seat Low Shermare said,
 "[As His Holiness Low Shermare, His Holiness:] Those who engage in lust, dear sir! Please say annoyance,
 After hearing your commandments, we will learn away."
 50. [Worldplace: "Mile!"] those who engage in lust, may even forget the commandments,
 To him it is not holy to act in error.
 "Engage in lust": Whoever is illegal, filthy law (village law), evil law, crude, affectionate, cleansed with water (water), secret, one-to-one equal to the name of the law of lust. For what reason is called the Lust Act? "Of the two men who are greedy, the greedy, full of greedy, the bondage, the heart is overtaken, and the same." It is called the law of lust for that reason. If there are two brawlers, they are called "sickers"; there are two contenders, they are called the "sickers"; there are two interlocutors, they are referred to as "sabbers"; and there are two contenders, they are called the "sickers" There are two litigators, they are called "sayers"; there are two commentators, they are called "sayers"; and two interlocutors, they are called "sayers." By the same way, "of two men who are greedy, the greedy, full of greed, and the entangled, and the hearts are overtaken, and the two are likewise." It is called the law of lust for that reason.
 "Those who engage in lust": "The yoke above the law of lust, the strong yoke, toward the upper yoke, toward the upper yoke, to the one who is fully upward, to that doer, he who has repeatedly come to that, he who rests on it, who inclines to that slope , tilt toward that person, aspire to that, and the increase of it." For those who engage in lust.
 "Maitreya: Worldman called the seat by his surname. "Worldworld", synonyms of respect. In addition, the "corrupt" is worldly; "destroyed" is worldly; "spoilt the slower" is worldly; "destroyed the slower" is worldly; "destroyed" is worldly; "has destroyed the thorns" for Worldship; "Destroy the polluter" for worldship; "division, analysis, distinction" for worldship; "some end" for worldship; "have been practiced, the heart has been practiced, the heart has been practiced, Hui has been practiced" for worldship ; or "Worldmaster close to the forest, wilderness, edge dwelling (sitting place): less voice, quiet, away atmosphere, person alone, suitable for sitting alone"; or 'Worldship is clothes, feeding, dwellings, The patient's needs, medical necessities are worldly; or "Worldworld is the meaning, flavor, relief, increase the ring, increase the heart, increase the whims, add the heart, increase the whimsiness"; or "Worldzou is four kinds of Zen, four infinite amount 、Four colorless to some points" for worldship; or "Worldship is eight relief, eight wins, nine times the first place to have points" for worldship; or "Worldworld is ten want to practice, ten places to wait to, to the mind, etc., "Worldest is four, four positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven senses, eight holy way" is worldly; or 'Worldworld is ten as a force, four fearless, four fearless, four "There is no solution, six god, six senses" are worldly. Worldworld, this name is not given by the mother; not given by the father; given by a non-brother; given by a non-sister; given by a non-friend; not his relatives; not by Salmon and Brahmen; Unheavenly This is the relief of the Buddha, worldly, and under the linden tree, and the acquisition and testimony of all wisdom and wisdom, that is, Worldom. for [Worldhotel: "Mile!"].
 "Or even forget the commandments": to forget the commandments in two ways: forgetting the teachings, and forgetting the doo commandments. "What are learning commandments? This is a commandment to whosoever has been learned to him, Shutoro, and only the night, and to speak, Gatore, Utana, such as a language, a life, no law, and Pifura He forgotten, completely forgotten, forgotten, and completely forgotten, became an outsider." This is or may even be obliviated.
 "What is a doo commandment? The correct signs, follow the signs, the reverse signs, such as the meaning of the road, the law of the road, the ring completely, guarding the root door, diet knowledge, specializing in sober, read and mindfulness, four reckless, four positive, Four gods, five, five forces, seven cherishes, eight holy ways, this is the doo commandment. He forgotten, completely forgotten, forgotten, and completely forgotten, became an outsider." This is also or even forgotten.Commandments
 "Wrong action": "killing, not giving, invading people, looting looting, blocking road robbery, abduction of wives, saying false." To act incorrectly.
 "To him it is unholy": "To that man this is unholy law, foolish, ignorance, ignorance, and deceit (undead) law, that is, the signs of evil. For him it is not holy.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "[Worldest: "Mile!"] those who engage in lust, may even forget the commandments,
 To him it is not holy to act wrongly."
 51. before alone, whoever engaged in lust,
 And he was in the world as a vagrine, and they said, "The bad man."
 "Before Alone After": In two ways before alone: in the name of the house or in the masses of abandonment. How is it to take the name of home before alone after? After cutting off all obstacles at home, after cutting off the barriers of children's wives, after cutting off the barriers of relatives, after cutting off the barriers of friends, after cutting off storage barriers, shaving hair shaving, wrapped in a plaque coat, from home, become non- After home life, after starting to become the state of nothing should be alone, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, so that it is in the name of the home before alone after.
 What is after taking the masses to abandon righteousness alone before? When he went out like this, he was alone with the forest, the wilderness, the edge of the land (sitting): a little voice, quiet, away from the people, the person who lived alone, fit to sit alone; he walked alone, stood alone, sat alone. Lying alone, alone for the pitcher into the village, return alone, sitting alone, alone, alone, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, so that the masses abandon righteousness Before alone after.
 "Whoever is engaged in lust": Whoever is illegal... is called the law of lust... for that reason it is called the law of lust. "Whoever is engaged in lust": "Whoever, after some time he renounces Buddha, law, monk, and after learning to be still ordinary, engaged in, bent to engage in, fully engaged, toward the law of lust." For whoever engaged in lust.
 "He is a vagrant ride in the world": "By car", the vagged, unmanned, untrained elephant ride, carriage ride, cattle car ride, goat car ride, ram ride, camel ride, donkey horse By car, it took the bypass, climb unsmooth remnants, rocks, destroying the boarding car ride, falling into the cliff. As the vagorous, unmanned, unmanned, untrained vehicle takes the bypass, and the same is the same as a vagnostic ride, and he takes the bypass path, and wickedness... (middle) to take evil. Such as the vagnostic, unmanned, untrained car on the unsmooth remnants, rocks, and the same, the same, the same, the vagnostic is like a vagging ride, he ascend an unsmooth business, and ascend to the unsmooth The language industry, ascended unsmooth intentions, on the unsmooth killing, ascending unsmooth not given and taken, on the unsmooth evil, on board the unsmooth falsehood, on the unsmooth paranoid, the ascension of the unsmooth, the ascension of the unsmooth Rough evil words, ascend unsmooth dirty words, ascend unsmooth greed, ascend unsmooth evil, ascend unsmooth evil, ascend the unsmooth lines, ascend the five kinds of unsmooth desires, and ascend the unsmooth cover . As the wandering, unmanned, unmanned, untrained ride destroys the ride that has been boarded, and the same is the same, the vulgar is like a vagged ride, and he destroys himself in Hell. Livestock destroys themselves, destroys themselves in the world of hungry ghosts, destroys themselves in the world of men, and destroys themselves in the world of heaven. As the vagorous, unmanned, untrained car falls into a cliff; the same is the same as the vagnostic man, who falls into a living cliff, into the old cliff, and falls into a sick cliff, Fall into dead cliffs, fall into the cliff of sorrow and despair. "In the world," in the worlds of bitterness, in the world of mankind. For him in the world as a vagrilous car.
 "And they said, "The uncleaved": And what is the righteousness of them? "They make a lot of pollution born." For Van Fu; "many unremoved (killed) seen" for Van Fu; "see many master face" for Van Fu; "not come out of many interesting things" for Van Fu; "They make many kinds of creations." For Van Fu; "They were washed away by many kinds of storm." For Van Fu; "They are annoyed with many kinds of torments." For Van Fu; "They are burned out by many kinds of exertion." For Van Fu; "in a lot of five kinds of desire greed, greedy, tied, obsessed, dyed, attached, stuck, handicapped, handicapped" for Van Fu; "covered by many five covers, covered, obstructed, closed, hidden, hidden, WrapperFor Van Fu. "And they say, "And they say, "So they speak, and speak so, and say so, say: The inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the low, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the trivial. " And he said unto them, Bad Van Fu.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Before all who engage in lust after himself,
 And he was in the world as a vagrine, and they said, Behold, the bad man.
 52. Whosoever before the glory and reputation, his one is even abandoned,
 After seeing this, he should learn, he should dissipate his desire.
 "Whosoever before the glory and honor, his one or even abandoned": "What is glory? Here, a certain category of people in the previous state of Salmon was honored, revered, respected, respected, respected, respected, clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, this is glory. What is a reputation? Here, a certain category of people came to praise in the previous state of Salmon, is the wise, the wise, the wise, the most heard, the eloquent, the plea: "rector (teacher)", or "the holder ( attorney)", or "sayers", or "dwellers in the forest," or "constant beggers", or "those who wear manure sweepers", or "third", or "second beggers", or "those who do not eat after eating", or "sit regularly [Unlying]", or "Everywhere" or "Gather of the First Zen", or "Gather of the Second Zen", or "Gather of the Third Zen", or "Fourth Zen", or "No Boundless Void" "Gainters", or "those who have no margin to wait," or "those who have nothing to wait to," or "those who do not want to wait," is a reputation. For the glory and reputation of whosoever before.
 "His one or even abandoned," some time, when he gave up Buddhist, law, monk, and after learning, that glory and that reputation declined, lost, lost, lost, disappeared, broken." His one may even be abandoned for the glory and reputation of all before.
 "After seeing this, he should learn, he should dissipate his desire": "This", the glory and reputation of the previous state of Salmon. Later, when giving up Buddhist, law, monk, and after learning, they have no glory and no reputation. This is to reach the bad loss. "After seeing", "After seeing, after measuring, judging, after each, after figure out." This is after seeing. "He should learn," there are three schools: Add quit, add heart studies, add Hui learning. What is Additions? Here, Bichu is a ring bearer who lives in the protection of the home-made porotty fork, is well on the way and in the border, saw terrible in the micro-crime, study after being held in the school. Small ring, big ring is the basis of stop, [self] suppression of behavior, homemade entrance, good law, etc. (reached) the top, which is added to the school.
 What is Addition Psychology? Here, Bichu from desire, from bad law, after entering into the search, servo, born happy, happy first Zen... (middle) second Zen... third Zen... after entering [not bitter, by the calm read all over [Net] Fourth Zen, which is added to the heart.
 What is Adosted Wisdom? Here, Bichu is a man of wisdom, with a guide to birth and extinction; holy, insight, the guide of bitterness is completely extinct [the Wisdom], he knows, "This is bitter." To be honest, "This is bitter set." To be honest, "It is bitter." To be honest, "This is the guide of bitterness." To be honest, "These are troubles." To be honest: "This is a set of troubles." To be honest: "It's annoyance." To be honest: "This is the guide to annoyance the trail." This is the addition of Wisdom. Whoever is illegal... is called the law of lust... for that reason it is called the law of lust.
 "After seeing this, he should learn, he should dismiss his desire": "To the law of desire to break, calm, dismiss, stop interest, he should learn to increase the ring, should also learn to increase heart, should also learn to increase the wisdom. These three studies, should learn when toward (notice); should learn when you know; should learn when seen; should learn when inspecting; be careful to establish (determination) should learn; when you win by faith should Learning; should learn when energetic efforts; When thinking, should learn when thinking; Be careful (focus) should learn; learn when knowing with Hui; Learn when testament should be known; Should be learned when disconnected should be cut off; learn when practicing should be practiced; study should be learned when testifying should be testified [Ps.1,41.] , should be practiced, should be carried out well, after holding should turn." In order to see this, he should learn, he should dissipate his desire.
 BecauseFor that, Worldman said:
 "Whosoever is before the glory and reputation, his one is even abandoned,
 After seeing this, he should learn, he should dissipate his desire."
 53. He was intended to defeat, thinking like a miserable,
 After hearing the reproach of others, those like that become ashamed.
 "He was intentionally defeated, thinking as a miserable person": "Willed intentions, malicious intentions, intent to harm, the intention of seeing touched, tortured, combined, possesses, covered, he thought, strong thinking, with all kinds of thinking, Thinking from there is such a miserable, such as the foolish, as the foolish. Such as an owl looking for rats on the branches and thinking, thinking strongly, thinking about all kinds of thinking, thinking after leaving from there, such as foxwolves looking for fish on the banks of the river, thinking strongly, thinking by all kinds of thinking, thinking from there after leaving, Such as cats to explore rats in gaps, sewers, garbage heaps, think strongly, think about all kinds of thinking, thinking after leaving from there, such as donkeys that are cut off, in the gap, sewer, and garbage heap Thinking, by all kinds of thoughts, thinking after leaving from there [MN.50], similarly, the intention of the vulgar is intended, the intent of malice, the intention of harm, the intention of seeing touched, tortured, combined, possesses, Covering, he thought, and thought strongly, by all kinds of thoughts, and from there he was thinking as a miserable, such as the foolish, as the foolish. For him to be defeated, thinking like a miserable person.
 "After hearing the reproach of others, those like that become ashamed": "Others", pro teachers, or teachers, or equivalent to a teacher, or a friend, or acquaintance, or close , or peer supervision: "Alumni! When you get a great master like this, out of a law that is righteous, and you get a holy group like this, the following elements of bad desire to give up Buddhist, law, monk, and after learning, it is not for that. Your gain; for that is your evil gain. There is indeed no faith in good law, indeed there is no shame of you in good law, there is indeed no shame in good law, there is indeed no energy in good law, indeed there is no thought of you in good law, in good law On indeed there is no Hui of you. [AN.5.5] "Hearing, hearing, hearing, grasping, understanding, discerning, discerning their words, language, teaching, admonition, admonition, and admonition become ashamed, oppressed, impacted, distressed, and worried. Status. "Like that": those of the kind, like that, belonging to the one who dwelt, the kind of, and similar to that, he is still still in vulgar. To hear the reproach of others, those like that become ashamed.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "He was intended to defeat, thinking like a miserable,
 After hearing the reproach of others, those like that become ashamed."
 54. And he did the knives, when he was prompted by the words of others,
 It's really going to be a big cave: he jumped into false words.
 "And he does the knives, when he is urged by the words of others": "Again, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the second sentence, "again." "The knife", there are three kinds of knives: body knife, word knife, knife, three kinds of evil act knife, four kinds of evil behavior word knife, three kinds of malicious behavior. "When prompted by the words of others", when prompted by a pro-teacher, teacher, or equivalent teacher, or equivalent teacher, or friend, acquaintance, or close person, or companion, he said: Dade! I am a delight from home, [but] for me I should raise my mother, because that is so good." He said, 'To me, I should raise my father, because that was so rearing. ' To me, I should raise a brother... to me, I should raise a sister... to me, I should raise a son... for me, I should raise a daughter... to me, I should raise friends... to me. Collee... for me should raise relatives... he said, 'For me, I should raise people of blood, because that's good. ' He sayeth the sword; He made it, and made it produce, and gave it birth, and gave birth. Do the knives for him, when he is called by the words of others.
 "It's really going to be a big cave": "It's his big cave, big forest, big forest, big danger, big danger, big bends, mud, mud, big obstacles, big bondage, that is, intentional delusions." It's really going to be a big cave.
 "He jumps into false words": false words are called falsehoods, where a certain class of people goes to the synagogue, or to a rally, to a family, or in a group, or in the palace, is brought as a witness and questioned: "Hey! Come! Man! Please say what you know." He didn't know, and said, "I know.Or, he knows, and says, "I don't know." And he did not see and said, I saw it. Or he saw it and said, I have not seen it. As such, he deliberately falsehoods to say [AN.3.28] for his own cause, or for others, or some less temptation, which is called falsehood.
 Or, take three lines: just before [say] [thought]: "I will speak paranoia." When you say [thought]: "I speak paranoia." When it has been said [thought]: "The false words have been spoken by me." These three lines are paranoid. Or, take four lines as a vain: just before [say] [thought]: "I will speak paranoia." When you say [thought]: "I speak paranoia." When it has been said [thought]: "The false words have been spoken by me." There is an anomalous (wrong) opinion that these four behaviors are paranoid. Or, with five lines... six lines... seven lines... eight lines for delusions: just before [say] [thought]: "I will speak paranoia." When you say [thought]: "I speak paranoia." When it has been said [thought]: "The false words have been spoken by me." There are dissident (wrong) opinions, heterogeneous likes, hobbies, disconitant thinking, heterogeneous nature, with these eight acts of paranoia. "He jumps into false words": "He jumps into, throttled, sneaked into, into false words." Jump into false words for him.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "And he did the knives, when he was prompted by the words of others,
 It's really going to be a big cave: he jumped into false words."
 55. famous wise, carried out alone,
 But when he bind on lust, such as a foolish is pulled around.
 "The famous wise man": "Here, a certain class of people in the former state of Salmon came to the praise: he is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the multihearted, the eloquent, the righteous, the "chanter of the righteous ( teacher)", or "lawyholder (solicitor)", or "the sayer"... (middle) or "the recipient who wants to wait." So he is known, known, and the famous." For the famous wise.
 "Go alone": "In two ways to do alone: in the name of a home or in the masses of abandonment. How to go alone in the name of a home? After cutting off all the obstacles at home... (in the middle) this is to go out of home alone. How is the people's abandonment of righteousness as an act alone? When he went out like this, he was alone with forest, wilderness, borderlands... (middle) this is to the forsaken of the masses to do alone." For performing alone.
 "But when he is combined with lust": Whoever is illegal, filthy (village law)... is called the law of lust... for that reason it is called the law of lust. "But when he is bound on lust": "In some time, he renounces Buddha, law, monk, and learn to be the same, when bound (upper yoke), strong yoke [, completely yoke], toward the upper yoke, and completely toward When yoke upwards. For but when he bind on lust.
 "If the foolish is pulled around": "The miserable such as the foolish, such as the extremely foolish is dragged, pulled around, into trouble: killing, not giving, invading people, looting, robbing, abduction of wives, So he is dragged and dragged around, and into trouble. And when the king captures him, he is punished with all sorts of punishments: whipping, beating with sticks, with canes, cutting hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose and nose, and nose, and sour porridge, bald, Luo Hou mouth, fire, Candlestick, Expulsion, Bark Penalty, Antelope, Flesh Hook, Money, Bathing, Reversing Door Latch, Straw Foot Penalty, Hot Oil, Dogs Bite, Live Order Stabbing, Chopping his head with a sword, so he was dragged, Was pulled around、Get into trouble。
 Or, to be conquered with thirst love, the heart is occupied, when the ship leaped into the sea, by the cold and summer, by the contact of haflies mosquitoes wind sun snake torment, to thirst and often die, go to the low rolling glass; went to Tao Chu; Walked to Taugesil; went to black face; went to the city; went to Wei Sun nu; went to the spicy pottery; went to wow; went to the big; went to Bangladesh; went to deaf bondage; went to golden dome; went to golden land; went to copper; Walked to Suvadagra; went to Baruga drink; went to Sultau; went to the shift; went to the shift; went to the Salamar; went to the Salah; went to the first one; went to Venagot; went to the Mulla Pottery, Go to the desert difficult road; walk to the knee to walk through the road; go to the goat; to the way to the sheep; walk to the road with pillars to walk to pass; to the road to the grip parachute to pass; to Chop bamboo bushes to pass the road; to the bird road; to the rat road; toThe road of the crack; went to the Rattan Road, so that he was dragged, pulled around, into trouble.
 When seeking, he did not find, and felt distress because he did not get, so he was dragged, pulled around, into trouble.
 When seeking, he found, rooted in the guardians and felt distress: "Whether my belongings will not take away, thieves will not take away, fire will not burn, water will not flow away, not cute heirs It won't take it. ' When he was so guarded and protected, his belongings were destroyed, and he felt distressed by separation, so he was dragged, dragged around, and into trouble." For but when he bind on lust, such as the blunt is pulled around.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "The famous wise, carried out alone,
 But when he joiced on lust, such as a foolish one is pulled around.
 56. Munie is here on the front and back, knowing that after this affliction,
 He will be firm on his own and will not engage in desire.
 "Muni is here before and after, and knows after this affliction": "This," before it had glory and reputation in the state of Salmon, and then when giving up Buddhist, law, monk, and after learning and still normal, there was no glory and no reputation. This reaches with bad losses. "After knowing", after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, and figuring out. "Muni", Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he is Muni. "Here" belongs to this see; belongs to this love; to this hobby; in this law; in this law; in this law; in this law; in this teaching (teaching); in this teaching; in this Sanskh In the teachings of this master; in this individual; in this man's world." For Muni here before and after knowing this affliction.
 "He will be firmly on his own": "In two ways he will be solidified alone: in the name of a family or in the forsgiving of the masses. How would he be firmly alone in the name of a home? After cutting off all obstacles at home, after cutting off the barriers of wives and children, after cutting off the barriers of relatives, after cutting off the barriers of friends, after cutting off storage barriers, shaving hair shaves, wrapped in a plaque coat, and from home, become non- After home life, start to become a state of nothing should be alone, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, so that he will be in the name of the family will be firmly alone.
 How would he be firmly alone with the abandonment of the people? When he goes home like this, he will be alone with forest, wilderness, edge residence (sitting): less voice, quiet, away atmosphere, people alone, suitable for sitting alone; he will walk alone, will stand alone, will Sitting alone, will be alone, will go to the village alone in order to pouches, will return alone, will sit alone, will be alone, will walk alone, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make survival, In this way, he will be firmly alone with the forsaken of the masses." "He will be firm and firmly alone, a strong holder in good law; he will be a holder of standing." For him will be firmly made alone.
 "Will not engage in lust": "Whoever is illegal, flawy (village law)... is called the law of lust... for that reason it is called the law of lust. The law of lust will not be close, does not engage, will not participate, will not take advantage, will not practice, not good practice (full practice), will not be held after turning." For will not engage in desire.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Munie is here before and after knowing this affliction,
 He will be firm on his own and will not engage in desire."
 57. He should learn to stay away from, which belongs to the most holy,
 [But] He should not think that he is the most winning because of that, in front of the Nibbana, who does.
 "He should learn to stay away": "Stay away", there are three kinds of distance: away from the body, away from the heart, away from the heart. What is body away? ... (Slightly) This is followed by far away. The body is kept away from the body, happy to leave; heart away from the heart belongs to the pure, reach the highest whiteness; by far from belongs to the unrelying people, to leave. "He should learn", there are three kinds of studies: add abduction, add heart, add Hui learning... (middle) This is the addition of Wisdom. "He should learn away": "He should learn, practice, be good practice, and after being held should turn away." For him it should learn away.
 "This is the highest of the holy": "The holy are called the Buddhist and disciples of the Buddhist and the Buddhist. This is the first, the most victorious, the triumph, the first, the top, the top, the highest, the top, the highest, the most, far from the line." For thisIt belongs to the most of the holy.
 "[But] he should not think that he is the most victorious because of that": "He should not be away from the line, as high, slow, arrogant, fortitude, stubborn (arrogance), not because of that. That should not be a rigid, very rigid, high-lifter." For [but] he should not think of being the winner because of that.
 "In front of the Nibbana who is indeed Nibbana": "In front of that Nibbana, near, near, not far away, near." To be in front of the Nibbana who does.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Then he should learn away from, which is the highest of the holy,
 [But] He should not think that he is the most winning because of that, in front of the Nibbana, who is indeed a Nibbana.
 58. For the unthinting Muni, those who have no expectation of desire,
 Those who are bound in their desire, envy those who have passed through the riot.
 "To the empty Muni": "Empty, far away, separated, with evil doings of nothing, far from, separate; in words evil... (medium) to evil... with greed... to mischief... Anger... with resentment... to hide evil... with arbitrary... jealousy... to stingy... to hypocrisy... to cunning... stubborn... with passion... to slow... to slow... to ease... To all pollutes... with all evil deeds... with all the scorched heat... with all irritation... to create nothing, far from, apart from all evil. "Muni", Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he is Muni. "Do in," when the line, live, act, turn, guardian, make survival, and make to survive. For the empty Muni.
 "Those who have no expectation of desire": "Wills", there are two kinds of desires from praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (medium) these are called the wills of pollution. After the desires of things are known, after the desires of pollution are discarded, discarded, after expropriation, after the end, after the end of the absence, when the desire is not expected, becomes the one who has forsaken desires, has been excluded, freed. Willers, those who have dismissed desires, those who have dismissed their desire, those who have left the greedy, who have forgone, have been ruled out, those who have been freed, those who have dismissed the greedy, the unhungry, cooled, cooled, feeling The happy man dwelt with himself as the living of Van. For those who have no expectations in the desire.
 "People who are bound in their desire, envy those who have passed the riot": "People are synonyms for living beings. People who want to be greedy, greedy, tied, obsessed, stained, attached, entrenched, obstructed, obstructed, they want, accept, hope, desire, desire, desire, desire, pray; some of them have passed by the riot The riot of sight has passed through; the unclear riot has passed; all the circuits have passed, come out, have passed, crossed, crossed, overcome; those who have come to the other side; those who have reached the other side, have reached the end ( target); person who has reached the end point; those who have reached the end point, who has reached the border (exactly); who has reached the border, has reached the terminator; has reached the terminator, has arrived at the ambulance; Has arrived at the refuge; those who have arrived at the refuge, has arrived at the place of return, has arrived at the place of return, has arrived without terror, has arrived no terror, no dead; has arrived no dead, has arrived to the undead; Reach the undead, has arrived the Nibbana; has reached Nibbana. Such as the debtor wants, envy no debt; such as the sick person wants, envy no disease; such as those bound by fetters (bondage) to seek, envy out of the fetters; such as slaves seeking, envy from slaves; such as leaping into difficult passers Seeking and envious to stability as the ultimate place, in the same way, people want to be greedy, greedy, tied, obsessed, dyed, attached, entrenched, obstructed, they want, accept, hope, desire, The riot of prayer has passed; some of them have passed by... (medium) has come to the Nibbana; he has reached the Nibbana." Envy those who have passed through the riot for those who are bound in their desire.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "For Muni, who has no desire in desire,
 Those who are bound in their desire, envy those who have passed through the riot.
 Description of the Scripture of Sheemilereth seventh [Completed].


Excerpt:
 1. lust to annoy: oblivion, doeth evil (ten knives), discredit, blame.
 2. intentional delusions will be a big cave.
 12/11/2020 15:20