8. Description of the Bassole
 Secondly, the description of the Bassole will say:
 They told: “This is pure”, and they say that there is no purification in other laws.
 When proclaiming that whosoever stops there is net, it is fixed in their respective truths.
 “They say, 'This is pure '”: “They say, tell, talk, explain, say, say: This is pure, clean, all pure; detached, liberated, separated from all over, they say, tell, talk, talk, Explanation, saying, 'The world is everlasting; this is the truth; the rest are empty. ' Is pure, clean, all pure; disengagement, relief, from all over, the world is very constant... (medium) the world is borderless... Life is the body... Life is the body is another... There exists after death... after death, as a lai does not exist... and does not exist after death... They say, tell, talk, explain, say, say, “After death is neither there nor non-existent, this is true, Others are empty. ' It is pure, clean, all over pure; detach, release, disengagement.” Tell them, “This is pure.”
 “They say that there is no cleanliness in other laws”: “Except his master, the narration of the law, the group, see, the signs, and the way, he forsaketh, uprooting, and surrounded all dissensions: 'The master is not all wise, and the law is not Good to say, [their] groups are not walkers according to the good, see is not good, the road is not put in good, the way is not departed, there is no purity, or purification, or all over pure, or dissociated, or dissociated, or dissociated, in Here none of them became pure, or purified, or all over pure, or separated, freed, or dissolved, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior. 』 They say so, tell, talk, talk, say so, say so, say so, say so. Say for them that there is no purity in other laws.
 “When it is claimed that whosoever stops there is a net”: “Whosoever stops”, the narration of the master, the law, the group, see, signs, stops, stops (Sri Lankan version), adheres, enters, dyes, Turn your heart toward the (victory). “There,” in their own sight, in their own likes, in their own hobbies, in their own claims. “When they claim to be net,” the sayer of the net, the good speaker, the wise speaking, the man of the firm, the speaking of [with] the method, the [with] reason, and the saying of [with] special prophesies, [have] the basis of the saying, the person who makes his own claim possible.” To declare that whosoever is there is a net.
 “One is fixed in their own truths”: “A Salmon, Brahman, and one in their own truths, one is fixed, stopped, stuck, caught, dyed, and directed toward, “The world is everlasting, This is true. Others are empty. ' [one] is fixed, stopped, glued, caught, dyed, put the heart toward; the world is very constant... (medium) “after death neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, other They are empty. ' [individual] is fixed, stopped, glued, caught, dyed, and oriented towards the heart. To be fixed in their respective truths.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “They say, 'This is pure, 'and they say that there is no cleanliness in other laws,
 When declaring that whosoever stops there is a net, it is fixed in their respective truths.”
 60. After those good commentators sneak into the masses, they put opposing each other as fools.
 Those who rely on others tell the theory: good admirers, those who claim good dexterity.
 “Those good commentators sneak into the masses”: “Those good commentators, those good commentators, those good theists, the Seekers, Seekers, Seekers, and Seekers. “After dive into the masses”, dive into, invest, deepen, enter the Brahmen masses, homeowners, and the Salmon crowd. After dive into the masses for those good commentators.
 “Adversaries are fools”: “The opponent is two people, two arguers, two argumentators, two argumentators, two contenders, two litigators, two senders, two narrators, two interlocutors, they “Place each other, see, see, watch, observe, observe [the adversary] as the foolish, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior.” To make opponents to each other as fools.
 “Those who rely on others to tell the theory”: “[to] other masters, lectures of the law, groups, see, signs, stop, stop (Sri Lanka version), stick, fall, hold the heart toward (victory) person. The argument is called a quarrel, argue, argument, argument, dissent, or, or, “argue,” they inform the argument, the argument, inform the argument, inform the unnutritious talk; They tell, talk, explain, speak.” Inform the theory for those who rely on others.
 “Good Appreciation, Declares Good Appreciation”: “Good Appreciation”, Good Appreciation, Hope Appreciation, Wish Appreciation, Praiser, Seeking Appreciation, Seeking for Appreciation. “Declares the good”, the sayer of the sayer, the wise speaking, the strong speaking, the [with] method, the [with] reason, the speaker of [with] a special feature, and the [with] basis 、To speak of their own claims as possible。” For good admirers, claiming skilful people.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “After those good commentators sneak into the masses, they put their opponents as fools,
 Those who rely on others tell the theory: good praise, who claim good dexterity.”
 61. In the masses are talked about yoke, want to appreciate the person who is afraid of loser,
 Be ashamed when he is repudiated, and when [is] rebuked, he is angry as a seeker of shortcomings.
 “In the masses are said to be yoke”: “In the Chadriel, or the Brahmen, or the owners of the house, or the people of Salmon, they are yoke, strong yoke, toward upward yoke, completely upward yoke, completely upward yoke, completely Strongly yoke and talk. To be discussed in the masses on yoke.
 “Wants to be afraid of losers”: “Want to Appreciate, praise, praise, praise, praise, want to carry praise, recipient, wager, pray. 'Be a fearful loser ', become a skeptical before the conversation, afraid of losers: 'Will I be the winner? Will I be a thumper? How will I make a break? How will I refute (salvation theory)? How will I make a difference (differentiation)? How will I respond to differences (nuances)? How will I make it on the bag? How will I do it on the unwinding (unwrapped)? How will I do a cut off (destruction)? How will I do a comprehensive theory? This will be a skeptical and afraid of loser before the conversation.” For those who want to appreciate become afraid of loser.
 “Be ashamed when they are repudiated”: those who judge, the masses, members of the masses, the questioning (Thailand version) They rebuke: “What is said from righteousness” They rebuke from righteousness; “The words of discourse” They are from words Repudiation; “The words from righteousness and phrases” they repudiate from rationale and phrases; “those rationale is misapplied, those words are misapplied, those words are misapplied, misplanted (misplaced), those On the break is not established (to be done), those refuted as bad (mischief), those differences do not stand, those differences do not make good, those bags are not established, those who are not entangled, those cut off are not established, those synthesized It is unreasonable to talk about bad things, those who are spoken by evil, and those who are spoken by evil, and those who are spoken by evil, and those who are spoken by evil. They dabotage. “Be ashamed when they are shamped”: “Be ashamed when they are broken; become the distressed, annoyed, sick, depressed.” To be ashamed when they are shamped.
 “He is angry as a seeker of disadvantage when [is] rebuked”: ““When [is] rebuked, repudiated, unpraised, unpraised, unpraised, stubborn (rebellion), showing anger, “dissatisfaction.” To be angry at the time of [being] rebuked. “Be a disadvantage seeker”, the seeker of the [enemy] flaw, the wrong seeker, the wrong seeker, the seeker of the drip, the seeker of the defect.” To be angry as a disadvantage seeker when [was] rebuked.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “In the masses to be talked about yoke, want to appreciate the person who is afraid of loser,
 Become a shame when he is repudiated, and when [is] rebuked, he is angry as a seeker of shortcomings.”
 62. Whosoever they say they are impaired, and the judge is dismissed,
 Inferior commentators cry, grief, lament: “He surpassed me.
 “Whosoever they say they are impaired”: “Whosoever they say is inferior, despicable, inferior, impaired, and unsuccessful, they say so, speak so, so Explanation、Say so。” For whosoever they say they are indifferent.
 “Those who are judged”: “Those who judge, the masses, members of the masses, the interrogation (Thailand Edition) They are repudiated: “What is from righteousness” they rebuke from righteousness; “The words of dissent words” they rebuke from words; “They are dismissed from righteousness and words. “Those righteousness has been misapplied, thatSome words were misapplied, those rationale and words were misapplied, misplaced (misplaced), those theory was not established (done), those rebuttal were bad (mischief), those differences were not true, those responses were made differently Not good, those bags are not established, those who are not entangled, those who cut off are not established, those synthesises do not make good, are irrational to talk, told by evil, spoken by evil, disguised by evil, spoken by evil, spoken by evil, spoken by evil, Evil speaks.” They dabotted.” For those who are judged.
 “Bad commentators grief, grief”: “““Sadness”, “I was turned to the other; I was thinking about the other; was considered the other; the others were examined, it was the big party, the mass, the big entourably, and [I] The masses are disintegrated, so as to join the masses because I will further disrupt the talks.” “The state of such words, unhelpful words, mumbling, weeping, weeping, weeping, weeping, weeping, weeping.” “Sadness”, “His victory” He sadness; “My frustration” He grief; “His gain” He grief; “My gain” He grief; “His reputation” He sorrow; “My reputation” He sorrow; “My no reputation” He sorrow;” His praise” His grief; “My rebuke” His grief; “His joy” His grief; “My bitterness” He grief; “He is honored, revered, respected, respected, respected, respected, clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the patient “I am a disrespectful, respectful, respectful, respectful, respectful, unprofitable, clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities.” He sadness, fatigue, grief, and crying, came to confusion. For [him] sorrow, grief. “The inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the incomplete theist.” Sorrow, grief for bad commentators.
 “Sadness: 'He surpassed me. '” : “'He thumped, overwhelmed, crossed, crossed, overcame me by theory. ' This is 'He transcends me. ' Or, “In theory defeated, overwhelmed, ended, crushed me after he did, lived, acted, turned, guarded, survived, so that he surpassed me.” Sadness is called the state of words, meaningless words, mumbling, repeated murmbling, verbosity, weeping.” To lament: “He transcends me.”
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Whosoever they say they are inferiable, and the judged are broken,
 The bad commentators grieve, grief, lament: 'He surpassed me. '”
 63. These arguments that aroused in the Salmon, among them are happy and frustrated.
 After seeing this, it should stop the theory, because there are no other interests other than the appreciated gains.
 “These arguments that happen in Salmon”: “Shamon, whoever walks into a march from outside here, enters the march. In the Salmon born, produced, occurring, born, these see quarrels, see arguments, see disputes, see arguments, see arguments, see the argument, see the dissent.” For these arguments that happen in the Salmon.
 “In these are happy, depressed”: “Winning, losing, having received, not getting, fame, no reputation, rebuke, praise, bitter, fun, joy, melancholy, satisfied, dissatisfied, have dear 、Wicked, happy, depressed, have fit, oppose, to beat the happy heart, to frustrate the depressed heart, to get a happy heart, to not get depressed heart, to fame happy heart, to not Fame has depressed heart, to praise the happy heart, to rebuke the depressed heart, to a happy heart, to a bitter depressed heart, to delight the happy heart, to melancholy and depressed heart, to high slow happy heart To be humbled with a depressed heart.” To be happy and frustrated among these.
 “After seeing this, you should stop the theory”: “After seeing this,” “After seeing this, “This oversuffering: in the quarrel of the see, the argument that saw, the dispute that saw, the argument that saw, the argument that saw, after seeing, after seeing, after the measurement, After judging, after each, and after figuring out. ' {should stop the theory?} after seeing this. The argument is called a quarrel, argument, argument, argument, dissent, or, or, “argue,” that unnourished talk should not be, should not be arguing, not arguing, not arguing, not. To argue, should not be disenchant, quarrel, argue, argue, argue, dispute, disregard, he should be disconnected, should be discarded, should end, and should make it non-existent. He should have been separated from quarrels, arguments, disputes, arguments, disobedience, quashed, quashed, departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he should live with a restrained heart.” To see this should stop the theory.
 “For there is no interest other than those of appreciation”: “There is no interest other than those of appreciation: Yourselfor the interests of others, or of both, or the interests of the right, or of the future, or obvious, or even deep, or hidden, or hidden, or unrighteous , or of righteous interests, or interests without negligence, or non-polluting interests, or clear interests, or supreme interests, they are not, absent, not known or undiscovered.” Because there is no interest other than the appreciated profit.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “These arguments that were born in Shamun, in which there are prodious and frustrated,
 After seeing this, it should stop the theory, because there is no interest other than the appreciated gain.”
 64. Or he was praised there: after proclaiming theory among the masses,
 Because then he laughed and slowly: he became a good man after getting that benefit.
 “Or he is praised there”: “'There 'is praised, praised, praised, praised, praised, praised, praised in his own seeing, in his own likes, their hobbies, their propositions.” For again or he was there to be praised.
 “After proclaiming theories among the masses”: “After proclaiming and telling their theories in the Brahmen, or in the people of the Brahmen, or in the people of the house, or in the people of Salmon; proclaiming, telling, strengthening (making strong), “Increase, explain, explain, speak, catch the fine theory (with theory) after.” After declaring theories in the masses.
 “Because then he laughs and slows”: He becomes a rejoice, laughter, rejoice, delight, fully satisfied, or, who reveals that teeth continue to laugh. “Because then he laughs and laughs slowly”: “He became the triumph, the slower, the high flags, the vanity with that victory.” Because of that, he laughed and slowly.
 “After getting that benefit becomes a good person”: “The victory after the gain, after the achievement, after obtaining, after possession, after receiving it. “Become the Wise”, become the person who will; become the person who is like the heart; become the person who will; become a person as conscious.” To become a good person after getting that benefit.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Or he is there to be praise: after proclaiming theory among the masses,
 Because then he laughed and slowly: he became a good man after getting that benefit.”
 65. Van Gao will be his annoyance, and he will also say this slow and extremely slow,
 When he saw this, he should not argue, because the good men say it is not so clean.
 “The high of the Ghost will be his place of discomfort”: “The Gosh of Van Gong, the slower, the high flags, the vanity.” For the “Van Gao.” “His land of distress,” that is his place of persecution (foundation), the land of injury, oppression, the land of blows, and the land of evil.” For the Gosh will be his land of discomfort.
 “And he would say this slow and extremely slow”: “The man said slow and extremely slow.” And he would say this slow and extremely slow.
 “After seeing this, he should not argue”: “[After seeing this,”] “This oversuffering: in the quarrel of seeing, the argument of seeing, the argument of seeing, the argument of seeing, the argument of seeing, after seeing, after seeing, after the measurement 、After judging、After each、After figuring out。' After seeing this. “He should not argue,” he should not argue, should not argue, should not argue, should not be an argument, should not be dissent, quarrel, argue, argue, argue, dissent. Departure, should be done to end, should make it to nonexistent. He should have been separated from quarrels, arguments, disputes, arguments, disobedience, quashed, quashed, departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he should live with a restrained heart.” He should not argue after seeing this.
 “For the good say not because of that cleanliness”: “The good, those who make good, the good, the good, the good, the good, the good, the good, the righteous, the righteous, The good of God, the best of the root, the good, the good, the good, the good, the good of the fruit, the Nibbana, those who do not say, do not tell, do not talk, do not talk, do not speak, do not speak, do not speak, do not speak, do not speak, speak Say the quarrel, see the argument, see the dispute, see the argument, see the dissent and have pure, clean, all pure; detachment, relief, all out.” Because the good men say not because of that is clean.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “The Gosh will be his place of distress, and he will say this slow and extremely slow,
 He should not argue after seeing this, because the good men say not because of that.”
 66. if a warrior is raised by the king's food, the grower comes to want hostile warriors,
 YongTaxi (Soller)! Please go there, [I] did not have before, i.e.: to fight.
 “Such as a warrior raised by the King's food”: “Warriors, warriors, warriors, warriors, warriors, those who do not fear, do not frighten, do not frighten, do not flee. “Raised by King's Food”, raised, raised, nurtured and raised by King's food, by the King's soft food. For warriors raised by King's food.
 “The growler comes to want hostile warriors”: “The roar (thunder), the shouter, the grower arrives, arrives, arrives, hostile warriors, opponents, the opponent's wager, the beneficiary, the wager , enthusiasts, prayers.” Come and want hostile warriors for the grower.
 “Warrior (Sool)! “Go there”: “Rush, go, go, go, go, advance, and he is your enemy warrior, the enemy, the opponent, the opponent.” For Sool (Warriors)! Please, just rush there.
 “[I] did not have before, i.e., for fighting”: “Before, under Linden, any pollution caused by an adversary, by the opponent, by the hostile, by the hostile, by the opponent, by the opponents, those No, does not exist, not known, not found, disconnected, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire. “That is: for fighting”, i.e.: for fighting righteousness (interest; purpose), for quarrel, for arguing righteousness, for contentious righteousness, in order to argue righteousness, for dismissionism.” For [me] before there was no, ie: to fight.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “If a warrior is raised by the king's food, the grower comes to want a hostile warrior,
 Warriors (Sole)! Please go there, [I] did not have before, i.e., to fight.”
 Whoever has seen it, they argue that they tell: “This is the truth”.
 Please inform them that there were no hostile actors here at the time of the debate.
 “Whoever grasp after seeing them argue”: “Where 62 evil opinions in a certain evil opinion after holding, after picking up, grasp, after performing, after they argue, argue, argue, argue, dissenting, dissenting : You have no knowledge of this law and the law; I know it and the law; thou knowest it, and what it is. You are an evil walker, and I am a positive man; mine is the same, and your one is inconsistent: what should be said first and later, and what you have been proficient for a long time is reversed; and your theory has been broken. Go and save [your] theory; you have been broken down, please disassemble, if you can. '” For whosoever to see after they argue.
 “They say, 'This is the true'”: ''The world is everlasting; this is true; the rest is empty. ' They say, tell, talk, explain, say, say, the world is very constant... “After death neither exists nor does it exist, this is true, the others are empty.” They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak. Tell them, “This is the truth.”
 “Please inform them that at the time of the debate, there were no hostile actors in your place”: “Tell those who are evil: the debator of the debate, the break of the argument, the rebutt, the difference in the difference To respond to the difference in response to the difference, to the bag of the entanglement, to the outsider, to the cut off, the synthetic to the synthetic, those of your hostile warriors, enemies, enemies, opponents. ” “Please inform them that there were no hostile actors here at the time of the debate.” “When the debate is born, aroused, born, born, aroused, hostile actors, opposing actors, hostile actors, opposing actors, opposing actors will quarrel; they will argue; will argue; Permit, those who are not, do not exist, not known, not found, have been cut off... (medium) was burned by wisdom fire.” To ask you to inform them that there were no hostile actors here at the time of the debate.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Whosoever has seen them argue, they say, 'This is the truth. '
 Please inform them that there were no hostile actors here at the time of the debate.”
 68. But after leaving the Legion they did: not to see the opponents,
 Bassole! What can you get in them? Those who are not mastered here as the supreme.
 “But after leaving the Legion they do”: “Legion is called demon, devil acts devil; devil acts devil; evil acts devil army; greed for the devil army; devil army; devil army; anger... hiding evil... arbitrary... jealous... stingy... hypocrisy... cunning... stubborn...... slow... extremely slow... slow... relax... all pollution... all evil deeds... all annoying... all hot... all irritated... all unrighteous... all bad made as a demon.
 This was said by Worldman [Sn.3.2, 438-441]
 “To be your first legion, disjoy is called the second...
 The man who has no courage does not defeat him, after victory will be able to gain peace.”
 When all Demon and all hostile pollution are conquered, defeated, destroyed, dissolved, turned open face, because that is called after Legion. “They are Allohan, and the troubles have been exhausted.” “They do, they do, dwell, move, turn, protect, and make survival.” For but leave the Legion after they line.
 “Do not see the opponents”: “For them, 62 evil opinions have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, they do not see opposition, rebutt, abandon, counterattack , repel the see.” For those who do not see objections.
 “Bassole! What can you get among them”: “What hostile warriors, adversaries, enemies, opponents can you get on those who have arrohan, troubled [body]?” For the Bassole! What can you get in them?
 “Those who have not been mastered here as the supreme”: “For those who have arrohan, the troubles have been exhausted, 'This is the highest, the first, the most victorious, the top, the highest, the highest. ' held, taken, taken, tracked, tracked, believed, they were not, did not exist, not known, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire .” For those who are not mastered here as the highest.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “But after they departed from the Legion, they did not see the opponents,
 Bassole! What can you get in them? Those who are not mastered here as the supreme.”
 69. And thou hast come of contemplation, with your mind, but evil,
 Encounter with the cleanser, you will certainly not be able to move forward.
 “And you have the coming of contemplation”: “And again, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the second sentence, for 'and' again '. “The Coming of Meditation”, thinking, thinking, thinking: Will I be the winner? Will I be a thumper? How will I make a break? How will I refute (salvation theory)? How will I make a difference (differentiation)? How will I respond to differences (nuances)? How will I make it on the bag? How will I do it on the unwinding (unwrapped)? How will I do a cut off (destruction)? How will I make a synthesis? Thinking, thinking, thinking and arriving, approaching, reaching with me.” For again you have meditation came.
 “By the heart but evil”: “The meaning”, the heart, mind, heart (heart), white (all the net), meaning, intent, the root of the meaning, consciousness, knowledge, and the corresponding to that community of consciousness. “The world is everlasting,” or “The world is very constant”... (medium) or “after death neither exists nor does it exist.” For the sake of the heart but to see all evil.
 “Meet the cleanser, you really will not be able to move forward”: “Cleaning is called Hui, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) inobsession, choice, positive, what reason washed is called Hui? With that evil deeds are shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed from (washing); words evil works... (medium) all misdeeds are shaken, washed, completely washed, cleansed away. In addition, the evil is seen... evil will be the will... (medium) evil relief is shook off, washed, completely washed, cleansed away. In addition, all pollution, all evil deeds, all annoying, all hot, all irritated, all bad works are shaken, washed, completely washed, washed away from the eight holy roads. Worldhotel has, fully has, walked in, fully entered, fully, fully sufficient, with these can be washed, therefore, worldly is the cleanser, he is shaking greedy, shaking evil, shaking polluter, shaking hot The person.” For the “washers”.
 “Encounter with the cleanser, you will certainly not be able to move forward”: “Parade Bossul can not meet with the washers, Buddha, worldship, meet, take the game after discussion, talk, enter the discussion, what is the reason What about? The parade is the inferior, despicable, inferior, low, inferior, inferior, trivial, the worldly, the first, the highest, the top, the top, the top. Such as rabbits can not meet with drunk elephants、Meet after the game; such as fox wolf can not be with the lion,The beast king meet together, meet after the game; such as a small, breastsucking calf cannot meet with the bull rocking hump, meet after the game; such as crows can not meet with the grandchildren of Wiener's goldwingbirds , after the meeting to take the game; such as Jandala can not meet with the king of the king of the reel, meet after the game; such as mud ghost can not meet with the king of Indra, meet after the game, the processeur It is impossible to meet with the washers, Buddhist, Worldship together, meet, take a discussion after the game, talk, and enter the discussion. What is that why? The parade is the inferior, despicable, inferior, low, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior, insignificant, the worldly is the great man, bohui, Jie Hui, fast, Li Hui, Insight Hui Those who are wise of the kind of good, those who have developed wisdom, those who have been proven to be unobstructed, those who have reached four fearless, those who hold ten forces, those like cattle, like a lion, a man like a lion, a man who can afford, the man who is infinitely wise, the The fame, the wealthy, the rich, the rich, the wealthy, the rich, the guide, the rebellient, the pacer, the proclaimer, the deliberator, the person who made it visible, and made it clear, that worldly was indeed the founder of the unborn, The producers of the unborn way, the preach who did not preach; those who know the way, the knowledge of the knowledge, and the knowledge of the way, and [their] disciples now dwelt in the way of the way, and shall be possesses.
 The Worldman is indeed a Knower and Seeker, who knows and sees; is the bereaver of the eye, the man who is born, the living of the law, the man who is born, the man who is born, the man who is born, the man who is living, the man who is living, the man If there is no one who does not know, not seen, unknown, not testified, not reached by Hui, the past, future, now on all laws come to the Buddhist, world pride of the wisdom of the field, where there is any name The law that should be guided by inference can be known: one's own or the one of others or the meaning of both, or the meaning of the life or the meaning of the future or both, or deep or hidden or hidden or secret The meaning of meaning, or the meaning that should be guided by inference or which has been guided to determine, or a no-fault or pollution-free or unpolluting, or a clear meaning or of the supreme interest, all turn within the Buddhist wisdom.
 All careers with Buddha, worldly wisdom change; all language industry [with Buddha, worldly] wisdom change; all business [with Buddha, worldly] wisdom change, Buddha, Worldworld wisdom about the past is barrier-free; [Buddha, Worldzom] on The wisdom of the future is barrier-free; [Buddha, Worldworld] about the wisdom of the present is barrier-free, and all the places that should be guided by inference is the point of wisdom; all wisdom is what should be guided by inference. The ultimate wisdom should be guided by inference; wisdom of the ultimate should be guided by inference, beyond should be guided inference after wisdom does not turn away; beyond wisdom should not be guided by the way of inference, these laws are to live in Constrained each other, such as the two lid is completely in contact, below the lid does not cross the above; above the lid does not cross the below, is in the mutual limit. [Similarly,] all the things that should be guided by inference is wisdom; all wisdom is what should be guided by inference, the ultimate wisdom that should be guided by inference; the ultimate wisdom of wisdom should be To guide inference, beyond should be guided by the postwisdom of inference; beyond wisdom has no way to be guided by inference, these laws live in mutual limits.
 Buddhist, worldly wisdom turned up in all laws, all laws for Buddha, worldly steering, hope, mind, heart, Buddha, worldhood in all living beings, worldom knows all living beings Intent, know the potential trend of trouble, know behavior, know the solution (ambition), know about less dirt, much dirt; the root, blunt root; good deeds, evil deeds; easy to teach, unteachable; The beings with power and power, including heaven, demon, and in the world of Van, including Salmon, Brahmen, Heaven, and the generations of men turn throughout the Buddha Chi.
 As any fish, turtle, and even the big fish of the boat, turn in the sea, the same, including heaven and demon, and in the world of Van; including Salmon, Brahmen, Heaven, and the generations of man turn throughout the Buddha. Such as any bird and even the goldwingbirds of the great children of Verna turn in the void. Likewise, those who are the same as Shariffer, they turn in the field of the Buddha. Buddha Zhi all over, beyond the heavenly people after the Hui lived.
 Those who are wise Chardaliers, wise Brahmen, wise owners, wise Salmonds, smart dissidents, sharp breakers want to do evil opinions in the gesture of wisdom, they prepare problems later to see and then ask hidden and hidden [meaning], those questionsThose who were talked about and answered by Worldmen for explained reasons and abandoned them, they became [disciples] of the worldly, where Worldom was glorified. [Ps.21, para. 5]” To meet the washers, you will certainly not be able to move forward.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “And thou hast come of contemplation, and with your heart, behold of all evil,
 Encounter with the washers, you will surely not be able to move forward.”
 Explanation of the Bassole eighth [Completed].


Excerpt:
 1. people are fixed in their respective truths → self-inferior to him → theory.
 2. want to appreciate the fear of failure, shame when shame, be rebuked when angry.
 3. There is a good (slow), frustration in the debate, and there is no interest other than the appreciated gains.
 12/11/2020 15:30