10. Description of the pre-disintegration
 Secondly, the description of the Bible before the collapse will say:
 83. What kind of rings of viewers is called the "silent"?
 Joe Tama! Please tell me about it, the most person being asked about.
 "What kind of bearer ring is called the "silence": "What kind of sight", "What kind of sight, what kind of estates, what kind, what kind, what kind of contrast saw." For what kind of viewer. "What kind of ring", "what kind of ring, what kind of ring, what kind of contrasting ring." What kind of rings for what kind of viewer. "Known as the "Silent", "is called, spoken, talked, spoken, spoken, spoken, spoken, spoken, said to be silent, silent, quiet down, cooler, and stop." "What kind of viewers" adds a glamorous to the inquiry; "What ring" adds a ring to the inquiry, and the "Silent" hears heart for the inquiry. What kind of ring is called the "Silent" for what kind of viewer?
 "Joe Tama! Tell me about it": "That, whosoever I inquire; whosoever I beg; whosoever I ask, and whosoever makes me clear. "Joe Tamo," the man named Buddha and Worldin by his name. "Please tell you," please tell you, please explain, please teach, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain. For Joe Tama! Please tell me about that.
 "The Most Asked": "The questioned, the questioned; the questioned; the requested; the requested; the one who was asked; the one that made it clear. "The Most, the First, the Most Victory, the Most Winner, the First, the Top, the Top, the Top." It is the best person to be asked about.
 Because then, the man said:
 "What kind of rings of the Seeing is called the Silent?
 Joe Tama! Please tell me about it, the best person being asked about."
 84. [Like this worldly:] before the collapse of his thirst for the love, not relying on the forefront,
 What is not supposed to be counted in the middle is not valued for him.
 "before the collapse of the thirst": "before the body collapses; before the collapse of the body; before the body is forsaken; before the body is forsaken; the unthirsty, the one who has forsaken, the one who has forsaken, has forsaken the thirst, And those who have freed from their thirst, have forsaken their love, those who have lost their thirst, have gone away from greedy, no greedy, the one who has ruled out greed, freed from greed, the one who has dismissed the greedy, the one who is not hungry, And the cooled, he that has become cool, and feel joy, dweld himself for the bereaved of his family.
 "Worldworld", synonyms of respect. In addition, the "corrupt" is worldly; "destroyed" is worldly; "spoilt the slower" is worldly; "destroyed the slower" is worldly; "destroyed" is worldly; "has destroyed the thorns" for Worldship; "Destroy the polluter" for worldship; "division, analysis, distinction" for worldship; "some end" for worldship; "have been practiced, the heart has been practiced, the heart has been practiced, Hui has been practiced" for worldship ; or "Worldmaster close to the forest, wilderness, edge dwelling (sitting place): less voice, quiet, away atmosphere, person alone, suitable for sitting alone"; or 'Worldship is clothes, feeding, dwellings, The patient's needs, medical necessities are worldly; or "Worldworld is the meaning, flavor, relief, increase the ring, increase the heart, increase the whims, add the heart, increase the whimsiness"; or "Worldzou is four kinds of Zen, four infinite amount 、Four colorless to the point of world'; or "Worldworld is eight relief, eight wins, nine times the first place to have points" for worldly; or "Worldworld is ten Hui [ten want?] The practice, ten times to, from the mind to the mind, not net to the points" for worldship; or "Worldship is four, four positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven feeds, seven senses, eight sacred paths." Worldplace; or "Worldworld is a part of ten such power, four fearless, four unobstructed solutions, six god, six senses." Worldworld, this name is not given by the mother; not given by the father; given by a non-brother; given by a non-sister; given by a non-friend; not his relatives; not by Salmon and Brahmen; Unheavenly This is the relief of the Buddha, worldly, and under the linden tree, and the acquisition and testimony of all wisdom and wisdom, that is, Worldom. For [Worldly like this:] for those who have quenched thirst before disintegration.
 "Not on the forefront": foreground is called the past, thirst love about the past has been cut off, see the state of percepted, to the state of thirst has been cut off, see the state that has been dismissed, so does not depend on the foreground. In addition, "I died like this"The color" is there not looking for joy [MN.132]; I passed there was such a subject... I died had such a thought... I died had such a line... "I died had such a knowledge" where not Find (guide) joy, so that it does not depend on the forefront. In addition, "My eyes used to be like that, and the color is like that." There, knowledge is not bound by desire; when it is bound by it, it does not rejoice it; and when it does not rejoice it, then does not depend on the forefront. "My ears used to be like that, and the sound was like that." ... (Slightly) "My nose used to be like that, and the smell was like that." ... "My tongue used to be like that, and the taste was like that." ... "My body was past like that, and touched it was like that." ... "My intention was past like that, and the law is like that." There, knowledge is not bound by desire; when it is bound by it, it does not rejoice it; and when not rejoicing it [MN.133], it does not depend on the forefront. Or, whoever used to laugh, speak, and play with a woman, is unhappy about it, does not want it, and does not come to happiness because of it [AN.7.50], so it does not depend on foreground.
 "In the middle is not supposed to be counted": "Middle is called the present time, the thirst about the present has been cut off, see the state that has been dismissed, to thirst has been cut off, see the state of dismissed, see the state of conception, should not be counted As a 'dye', it should not be counted as a "disgusting person," should not be counted as a "foolish", should not be counted as a "bondage", should not be counted as a 'execurer' "Come to the scattered" should not be counted as "came to the unconsensual", should not be counted as "came to the fortitude", those works (making) have been cut off, when the works (making) have been cut off, should not Counted to interest: "Fallen Hell" or "Fallen Beast," or "Devil Hunger", or "Man", or "Heaven", or "Colourless", or "Thinking", or "Unwanted" "or 'Neither the thinker nor the unwittant' who has no cause, no fate, no factor will fall into." For that in the middle should not be counted.
 "What is not valued for him": "For him", for Arrohan; for those who have been exhausted. "Being valued", there are two kinds of importance: [because] the importance of love and [because] see... (medium) This is the importance of thirsty love... (medium) This is the attention of see. For him the attention of thirsty love has been cut off, the attention of seeing has been dismissed, the state of the attention of thirsty love has been cut off, and the attention of the see has been dismissed, he does not put (do) thirsty love or see in the front and back, Thirst love is not for the flag, thirst love is not for building, thirst love is not increased, see not for the flag, see not for the building, see not to be increased, not to be thirsty love or see follow, so is not valued for him. In addition, "I will have such a color" where I do not look for joy; there will be such a subject... there will be such a thought... there will be such a line... "My future world will have such knowledge" where I do not look for ( Guidance) rejoice, so that it is also not valued for him. In addition, "My eyes will be like that in the future, and the color is like that." I do not hope for the acquisition of the heart, because of the lack of hope of the heart, do not rejoice it; when dislike it, it is also not valued for him. "My ears will come like that, and the sound is like that." ... "My nose will be like that in the future, and the smell is like that." ... "My tongue will be like that in the future, and the taste is like that." ... "My future will be like that, and the touch is like that." ... "My future is like that, and the law is like that." I do not hope for the acquisition of the heart, because of the lack of hope of the heart, do not rejoice it; when dislike it, it is also not valued for him. In addition, "I will become heavens, or one of the heavens with this forbidden, and in bitterness. [MN.16]" Do not hope for unobtained acquisition, because of the lack of hope of the heart, do not like it; when dislike it, it is also not valued for him.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "[Worldly like this:] the one who had forged his thirst from love before disintegration, not by the forefront,
 What is not supposed to be counted in the middle is not valued for him."
 85. those who do not anger, do not fear, do not show off, and those who do not regret
 He is indeed a Muni whose words have been self-made.
 "Those who are not angry, not afraid": "Whosoever is called "no anger,"But only those anger can be said. It was born with ten lines of wrath: 'He has done against me. [AN.9.29] Anger was born; 'He did against me. ' Anger is born; 'He will do against me. ' Anger is born; 'He has debilitated against what I love and the consensual deed... will be dear. ' Anger is born; "He has been in favor of what I do not love and dissenting... to do good... will do good." Anger is born; or anger is born unjustified. Where such heart anger, hostility, evil, hostility, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, evil, evil, heart evil, arrogance, anger, angry state of anger, angry, angry, angry state , Harm, anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure, which is called anger.
 Moreover, the extreme and small states of anger should be percepted: sometimes anger is just the degree of turbid, but not as much as the skimp frowning; sometimes anger is the degree of frowning, but not as biting teeth. The extent of; sometimes anger is only the degree of bite, but not the same degree as the crude loud voice; sometimes anger is only the degree of loud loud words, but not as the extent of looking around (with observation) [knife rod]; When anger is only looking around the degree, but not as the degree of acquisition of the rod; sometimes anger is only the degree of acquisition of the knife rod, but not the degree of pulling out of the rod; sometimes anger is just the degree of rod pulling out , but not to the extent of the scepter hit; sometimes anger is only the extent of the knife rod strike, but not the extent of the cut interrupt; sometimes anger is cut off to the extent of the break, but not the extent of the rupture ; Sometimes anger is only broken down, but not as much as each limb is pulled apart; sometimes anger is only the extent of each limb pulled apart, but not as deadly; sometimes anger is deadly, but not and abandon the degree of abandonment of the already established. When an anger kills others and kills himself, this is a situation where anger arrives further to the rise and further reaches growth. "Whosoever to him this anger is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, and burned by a fire of wisdom, he is called the unangry. Those who do not anger in a state of disconnection of anger; those who do not anger in a state of knowledge of anger; and the anger is not angry with the state of disconnection. For those who do not anger.
 "Those who are not afraid," here is a category of people who are scared, there is fear, a terrorist, he trembles, {no?} Fear, terror, fear, fear, come to fear: 'I don't get home, or I can't get a group, or I can't get shelter, or I don't get gain, or I don't get fame, or I don't get praise, or I Not having fun, or I can't get clothes, or I can't get a group meal, or I don't get a bed seat, or I don't get my patient's needs and medical essentials, or I can't get care, or I'm not known." He trembles, fears, horror, fear, and came to fear.
 Here, Bichu is not afraid, no fear, no terror, he does not tremble, no fear, no fear, no fear, no fear, does not come to fear: 'I cannot get home, or I can't get a group, or I can't get shelter, or I get no gain, or I don't get fame, or I don't get praise, or I don't get pleasure, or I can't get clothes, or I can't get a group meal, or I don't get the bed seat, or I don't get the patient's needs Things and medical necessities, or I have no care, or I am not known." He does not tremble, does not fear, no fear, no fear, does not come to fear. For those who are not angry, not afraid.
 "Those who do not show off, do not regret": ""Here, a class of people is a boast, the show, he boast and show: I am a "man of restraint," or "forbidden enough," or "quit and forbidden enough", or "by Born, or by surname, or by a good family, or as a Lotus, or by property, or by research (acquisition), or by trade, or by art, or impressions (academic), or A person who comes from a family, or who comes from a family, or "from a large family", or "from a rich family", or "from a rich family", or "home or from home," A reputable person, or a "profit in clothes, food, shelter, patient's needs, medical necessities", or "counsel" or "lawyers (lawmakers)", or "speakers", or "those who live in the forest" , or "constant beggers", or "those who wear manure sweepers", or "third garments", or "second beggers", or "those who do not eat after eating", or "sitting [not lying]", or "everywhere", or"Gainters of the First Zen", or "Gainters of the Second Zen", or "Gainters of the Third Zen", or "Fourth Zen... Void boundless until... No Boundless Wait until... Nothing to... or He boast, show off. Like this he does not boast, does not show off. He has been separated from boast, showing off, quanned, quashed, departed, departed, freed, unbound, and he dwelt with a restrained heart." For those who do not show off
 "Regret", "Regret", "Regret", hand inaction (mischievous) for regret, foot's inaction is also for regret, not to regret, improper is thought (considered) as appropriate, appropriate To be inappropriate, untimely is thought to be timely, timely is thought to be untimely, sinless is thought to be sinful, sinful is thought to be sinless, all like this regret, the path of regret, regret State, heart regret, confusion of meaning, this is called regret.
 In addition, the remorse of the heart, the confusion of mind aroused by two factors: what was done and what was not done. What is the confusion of remorse, the regret of the heart and the remorse of the mind? "I have done my deeds, and good deeds have not been done by me." He was born of remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the confusion of intent; "I have done evil words, and good deeds have not been done by me... and evil deeds have been done by me." He was born of remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the chaos of his mind; 'I did the death, and I did not. ' He was born of remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the confusion of his mind; 'I did not give, and I did not give a remorse. ' He was born of remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the chaos of his mind; 'Evil was made by me, and I did not forsake. He was born of remorse, and the remorse of his heart, and the confusion of his intention: "I did the delusion, and I did not do it. ... 'I did the prologue, and I never did it. ' ... 'I did the crude bad words, and the abhorrent of bad words was not I did. ' ... 'I have made the filthy words, and I have not done the abdication of the filthy words ... 'Greed was done by me, not greed not by me. ' ... 'Malice was done by me, no malice was not done by me. ' ... 'Wickedness was made by me, and I didn't do it. ' He gave birth to remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the confusion of intent, which was done and what was not done, remorse of the heart, the confusion of his mind.
 Or, 'I'm not all branches on my ring. ' He was born of regret, the remorse of his heart, and confusion; 'I am not the guardian of the root. ' ... 'I'm not the right amount of diet. ' ... 'I'm not a sober specializing in. ' ... 'I do not have a sense and mentality. ' ... 'Four thoughts were not practiced by me. ' ... 'Four is not practiced by me. ' ... 'Four gods have not been practiced by me. ' ... 'Five were not practiced by me. ' ... 'Five forces have not been practiced by me. ' ... 'Seven Joyuchu was not practiced. ' ... 'Eight sacred paths have not been practiced by me. ' ... 'Suffering is not known to me. ... 'Set was not cut off by me. ' ... "The way was not practiced by me. ... 'I have not testified. ' He was born of remorse, heart regret, confusion of intent. Whosoever is for him that regret has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, and burned by a wisdom fire, he is called the unremorse. For those who do not show off, do not regret.
 "Consider the person who said, does not fall off": ""After consideration is called Hui, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) obsession, choice, positive. When telling many; when talking about many; when it says many; when saying many, when saying many, he speaks after consideration, exploration and exploration. He does not speak of those who are spoken by evil, who are spoken by evil, who are spoken by evil, who are spoken by evil, who are spoken by evil. The words that evil speaks. For the afterthought. "No lifter," where, what is a loopy? Every heart is lifted, not silence; the scattered heart; the chaos of the heart, this is called lifted. Whosoever for him has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, and burned by a wisdom fire, he is called the unlifted. For those who say after consideration, do not exonerate.
 "Indeed, he is the Muni of his own words": "Here, after Bichu has discarded his words, he is a man of falsehood, the true, the trustworthy, the trustworthy, the man who is free of deception to the world. After he has discarded the words, he is a distant word: after he heard it, he does not say there to be a divination to these people, or, after he heard it from there, he does not say here to divescend to them, like this, He is the mediator of division, a distributor of harmony, the loving, the loving and the collaborator, the person who likes and rejoins, and speaks of the word of harmony. After discarding the bad words, he is away from the crude vices, the soft, pleasant, cute and heart-heartedAs such words are spoken by him, the graceful words of all, which are loved by all, and the pleases of all. He is a person who has discarded the filthy language: He is the Speaker of the Right Time, the Speakers of the Facts, the Good, as the Law, as the Law; He speaks of value, reason and restraint at the appropriate time , Words of interest [AN.4.198]. He has four words of good deeds, and speaks four without fault. He should have been separated from 32 species of animal theory, quanned, quashed, removed, departed, freed, bondage, and he lived with a restrained heart.
 He said ten things to talk about, namely: to say less intentions, consentiment theory... solitary habitation theory... noncommunicative theory... instillation theory... conclusions... wisdom... liberation... ... Positivism theory... gods... root theory... force theory... Taoism... fruit theory, Nibbana theory. The words are self-made for prudent, prudent, guarded, protected, guarded, silence. "Muni", Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insane, choice method, positive... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he is Muni." For him is indeed the words of Homemade Muni.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "The man who is not angry, he who is not afraid, and he who does not show off, and
 He is indeed a Muni whose words have been self-made."
 86. In the future, he does not lament the past,
 On the touch saw the far away, and he was not guided upon seeing him.
 "Unbound in the future": obsession is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. And whoever is for him who is persevering, his thirst is cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, and cannot be born, and burned by the fire of wisdom, so is not bound in the future. In addition, "My future world will have such a color" where I do not find (guide) joy; there will be such a subject... there will be such a thought... there will be such a line... "I will have such knowledge" there is no Looking for joy, this is also unbound in the future. In addition, "My eyes will be like that in the future, and the color is like that." Do not hope for the acquisition of the heart, because of no hope of the heart, do not rejoice it; when you do not like it, this is also in the future unbound. "My ears will come like that, and the sound is like that." ... "My future is like that, and the law is like that." Do not hope for the acquisition of the heart, because of no hope of the heart, do not rejoice it; when you do not like it, this is also in the future unbound. In addition, "I will become heavens, or one of the heavens, with this forbidden, and bitterness." Do not hope for the acquisition of the heart, because of no hope of the heart, do not rejoice it; when you do not like it, this is also in the future unbound.
 "He does not lament the past": "He does not grieve things that have become easy, or not grieve in things that become easy: 'My eyes have become easy. ' He is not sad; my ears... my nose... my tongue... my body... my color... my voice... my smell... my taste... my touch... my home... my group (all)... My residence... my gain... my reputation... my praise... my music... my clothes... my feeding... my bed seat... my patient's needs and medical necessities... my mother... ... my father... my brother... my sister... my son... my daughter... my friends... my colleagues... my relatives... 'My blood has become easy. ' He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, does not cry, and does not come to confusion." For him not lament the past.
 "See far from the touch": eye touch, ear touch, nose touch, tongue touch, touch, touch, name touch, have a pair of touch [DN.15], should feel the touch of pleasure, should feel the bitter touch, should not suffer Touch, good touch, bad touch, no touch, desire touch, color touch, colorless touch, no touch, no touch, no touch, no desire to touch, touch of the world, touch of the world, touch of the past, future touch, present touch, all like this Touch, touch, full contact, full contact state, this is called touch.
 "Seeing far from the touch": "He who sees away from me, or in my place, or eternal, or eternal, or eternal, or constant, or by constant, or constant, and constant, as far away;... He sees the ear touch as far away;... He sees the nose. He who touches away from;... He saw the tongue touching away;... He saw the touch away;... He saw the touch away;... He saw the name touching away;... He saw a right touch away; ... should feelThe touch of pleasure... should feel the bitter touch... should feel the bitter touch... good touch... bad touch... no touch... desire to touch... colorless touch... colorless touch... to me, or He is far away from everlasting, or everlasting, or by constant, or by the touches that he saw the world.
 Or, he saw that the past was touched away from the future and the present; he saw that the future was touched away from the past and the present; and he saw that the present was touched away from the past and the future, or all those holy, without worries, and The touches of the air, those who touch greed him to see away from; in vain, in anger, with resentment, hiding evil, in arbitrary, jealous, stingy, hypocrisy, with cunning, stubborn, with passion, slow, with Extremely slow, to be slow, to relax, in all pollutions, in all evil deeds, with all evil deeds, with all scorching heat, and in all irritations, and made him far away from all evil. For those who are far from seeing on the touch.
 "He was not guided": "For him, Sixty-two evil opinions have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by the wisdom fire, and he is not seen to be carried away, taken away, carried, carried or carried, carried, carried, carried, and carried. Nor return, do not return to that evil opinion as the core." To see on him is not guided.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "He who is unbound in the future, he does not lament the past,
 On the touch saw the far away, and he was not guided in the sight."
 87. Those who have withdrawn, not tricky, do not desire, do not stingy,
 The unarrogant, the unwicked, and those who are not keen on discourse.
 "Exited, non-tricky": "Exited", "greedy has been disconnected state for the exited; has been disconnected state for the exited; deprecated state is exited; angry... resentment ... The evildoers... the arbitrary... jealous... the stingy... (medium) all unrighteous creations of the discarded state is the exited. This was said by Worldman, "The Bichu How is Bichu an exited? Bichu! Here, I am the slow of Bichu has been cut off, the roots have been cut off, like a rootless palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, the Bichu! Bichu this is the exited. [AN.4.38]"" is an exited person.
 "Non-tricky", there are three kinds of trickery: the means by means of the trick, the deeds of behavior, the surrounding language of the trick.
 What is the trickery of the instrument? Here, the owners of the house invite Bichu with clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities. He is a wicked desire, a person who desires nature, a person of hope, for clothing, food, shelter, the needs of the patient, Medical essentials expect more and refuse clothing, refuse to feed, refuse shelter, refuse patients' needs, medical essentials, and he says, "What is a high-value clothing for Salmon! Where the salmon should be put on a coat after picking rag from the mound or in front of the garbage pile or shop door, it is appropriate. What is it for Salmon with high value feeding! Where the Salmon should take a little bit of the spike to survive, it is appropriate. What is it for Salmon with a high value accommodation! It is appropriate that whamon should be those who live under the tree or in the mound or in the open ground. What is the need, medical necessities of high value patients for Salmon! It is appropriate that salmon should be made with a fermented drug of bovine urine or crushed Haliel. After taking it, he was dressed in coarse clothing; he was given a coarse feed, dwelt in a rough place, and with the necessities of a thick patient, and medicinal The owners knew him so: "This Salmon is the little wishful, a man who is enough, alone, a man away from the masses, a man whose vitality has been initiated, and the head of the head." They are more and more inviting their clothes, feeding, shelter, patient needs, medical essentials. "And he says, "Three of the present states have faithfulness men produce many fords: the current state of faith is a good man. The current state of many fords, the present state of the mercy of a man produces many fords, worthy of the present state of the present state of faith good men produce many ford. You are the believers, and I am the recipient, and if I do not, then you will be an outsider of Ford, which is not needed for me, but for the sake of mercy on you And I accept it. After performing it, he received many clothes, many food [and lots of places], and received many patient needs, medical necessities. The frowning of whosoever such frowns; the path of the tricker, and the state of the trickery, this is the trickery of the instrument.
 What is the trick of behavior? Here, some kind of evil desires, those who seek nature, and those who seek respect [thought]: 'So, peopleI will be honored. ' He is placed to walk, set to stand, sit down, lay down, lay down, walk for a desire, stand for a desire, sit for a desire, lie down for a desire, such as walking by a person who is established, standing as a person who is established 、Sit down as a person who is determined, lying down, and become visible as a zen. Whoever acts like this place, strengthen the placement, complete placement; the frowning of the frowning; the path of the tricker, the state of the trickery, this is the trickery of the deed.
 What is the perimeter trick? Here some kind of evil desires, those who seek nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: 'Then people will respect me. ' He spoke according to holy law, and he said, Whoever is dressed like this, he is the Salmon of great power. He said, "Whoever holds a bowl like this... holding a copper bowl... holding a filter tank... holding a filter bag... holding the keys... wearing shoes... a belt... a tie... he is the salmon of great power." And he said, Whosoever his monk is like this, he is the Salmon of great power. He said, "Whoever his teacher is like this... equates with a monk like this... as a teacher... friends... acquaintances... companions... He is the Salmon of great power." He said, Whosoever dwells like this, is Salmon, the great power. He said, "Whoever lives in a half-roof like this... lives in high buildings... in flat houses... in cave... in the caves... in the cottage... in the chalet... in the Lookout... The round house... lives in a shed... in a lecture hall... in a tent... under a tree... he is the shamon of great power."
 Or, the constant frowning; the constant frowning; the constant tricker; the constant nagging; the person who is respected by his mouth, who says such deep, secret, subtle, secret, secrecy, born, empty talk : "This Salmon gets this quiet place to wait until." Whoever frowns like this; the path of the tricker, the state of the trickery, this is the circumference of the trickery. For him these three trickery things: the means of the scheme, the trick of behavior, the conspiracy of the surrounding language has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, by wisdom fire Burner, he is called a non-tricky." For exited, non-tricky.
 "Those who do not desire, do not stingy": "'Enthusiasm is called thirsty love, that is greedy, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. Whoever for him this desire, thirst of love has been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, can not be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called not enthusiastic, he does not desire... all the voices... all smells... ... Taste... all touches [... all the law]... family... groups (public)... shelter... benefits... reputation... praise... music... clothes... food... shelter... patient needs and medicine Necessities... want... color circles... colorless... want to have... colorless... want to have... do not want to have... I want to have... The future... now... what I see... what he heard... feel... He does not desire, does not want, do not accept, do not pray, do not want, do not want, do not desire." For those who do not desire. "Not stingy", there are five kinds of saving: [right] of the living, the saving of home, the profit of the stingy, praise of the stingy, the law of stingy, where such a stingy, saving stingy, saving state, greedy, stingy, Stinky, heart-clenched state, which is called stingy. In addition, stingy is also stingy; the world is also stingy; stingy is also stingy, which is called stingy. Whosoever for him has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the unstingent. For those who do not want, do not stingy.
 "The unarrogant, not evil": "Pride" has three types of arrogance: the pride of the body, the arrogance of words, the arrogance of the heart. What is the arrogance of the body? Here, a certain category of people came to show the arrogance of the body in the monk, the group also show the arrogance of the body, in the cafeteria also show the arrogance of the body, in the bathroom also show the arrogance of the body, in the bath The arrogance of the body also shows the arrogance of the body when entering the [old] home, and the arrogance of the body when it has entered the [old] home.
 How does it come to the monk to show the arrogance of the body? Here, a certain class of people came to the monk is not respected, when touching the elders, he stands when he touches, he sat down, standing in front of [Elders Picchu], sitting in front of the elders, sitting in high seats, wrapping Sitting down with his head, he stood and spoke with his arm, so that it came to the monk to show the pride of the bodySlow.
 How does it come to a group to show the arrogance of the body? Here, a certain group of people came to the group as disrespectful, to the elders who did not wear shoes, they walked in shoes, to those who walked in low places he walked in high places, to those who walked in the land he walked at the place of conduct, when He stands when touching, when touching he sits, standing in front, sitting in front, sitting in a high seat, wrapping his head, he stands and waved his arms, so that he came to the group to show the body arrogance.
 How to show the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria? Here, a certain category of people is not respected in the canteen. He sat down after invading the elders, blocking the new Picchu with a seat, standing when touched, he sat down, stood in front of it, sat down in front of it, Sit in a high seat, wrapped his head, he stood and talked with his arm, so that it was to show the pride of the body in the cafeteria.
 How is it to show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom? Here, a certain category of people is not respected in the bathroom. When touching the elders, he stands, when touching the Elders, he sat down, stood in front, sat in front, sat in the high seat, and put the fuelwood after not asking. Close the door without being asked, waving your arm to speak, so it is to show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom.
 How is it to show the arrogance of the body in the bath? Here, a certain category of people is not respected in the bath. When touching the elders of the Bichu, he jumps in, jumps in front, when touching, bathing in front, bathing in the front, bathing above, when touching, he comes out of the water. Come out from the water in front, from above from the water, so it is to show the arrogance of the body in the bath.
 How to show the arrogance of the body when entering the [old] home? Here, a certain class of people when entering the [old] home is not respected, when touching the elders Bichu, he walks, walking in front of the front, away from the right path and again from the front of the elders [beyond] walking, this is Represent the arrogance of the body when entering [vulgar] home.
 What is the arrogance of the body when you have entered the [vulgar] home? Here, a certain category of people have entered the [vulgar] home, when "Dade! Please do not [want to] enter" when he is said to enter when 'Daedeoku! Please do not [want to] stand" when he is said to stand, when "Daede! Please do not [want] to sit down" when he is said to sit down, there is no space for him to enter, there is no space for him to stand, no space for him to sit, where the interior of the [vulgar] house, the hidden, hidden, secret: a woman of the family, The daughter-in-law, the daughter-in-law, the girl sit down, where he also grossly enters, and the boy's head he touches, so that it shows the arrogance of the body when he has entered the [old] home. It is showing the arrogance of the body.
 What is the arrogance of showing words? Here, a certain category of people came to show the arrogance of words, came to the group also show the arrogance of words, have entered the [vulgar] home also show the arrogance of words.
 How does it come to the monk to show the arrogance of words? Here, a certain group of people came to the monk who did not respect, did not ask the elders of the Bichu, or did not be asked to say, answer questions, recite Porotti wooden fork, he stood and waved The arm speaks, so that it comes to the monk to show the arrogance of words.
 How does it come to a group to show the arrogance of words? Here, a certain group of people came to the group who did not respect, did not ask the elders of the Bichu, or did not be asked to say and answer questions to the Bichu who entered the monk. He stood talking, waved his arms, and entered the monk. The Bichuni, Yu Po, Yobo Yizen said, answered questions, he stood and spoke, waving his arm to speak, this is to show the arrogance of words in the group.
 What is the arrogance of words when you have entered the [old] home? Here, when a certain group of people has entered the [vulgar] home, say to women or girls, "What is the name of this, and the last name is this: there is milk porridge, food, hard food? What will we drink? What will we eat? What will we chew? Or what is it: What will ye give to me? He mumbles, and whosoever such words, unhelpful words, mumbling, verbose, multiwords, and verbosity, so manifest the arrogance of words when they have entered the sadness. This is the arrogance of words.
 What is the arrogance of heart? Here, a certain category of not from the noble family has a slow person to heart (see) their own with nobility family homeless homeless people, not from the large family have a slow person to heart (see) their own with the large family out of home together Equivalent, not from the big wealth home with the slow person to heart (see) their own with the big wealth home with the same, not from the wealthy home with slow people... non-teacher slow people to heart (see) their own Equivalent with the teacher, undisciplined slow...There are non-connoisseous slow people who live in the forest are slow... very begging slow people... not wearing manure sweaters have slow people... not only three slower beggars have slow people who do not eat after eating There are slow people... very sitting [not lying] there are slow people... not everywhere there are slow people... have the first Zen to heart (see) their own and get the first Zen together with the equivalent... (medium) do not want There are slow people who want to wait to heart (see) themselves and get the same as those who want to wait together, this is the arrogance of the heart. "Whosoever to him these three arrogance is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the unarrogant." For the not arrogant.
 There are those who are not wicked, there are those who are not wicked. What is a man of evil? Here, a certain category of people are breakers, evildoers, unnetting and suspicions, acts secret, non-salmon and self-proclaimed Salmon, non-Brahmen and self-proclaimed Brahmen, internal decay leaks, bad character [AN.7.72], this is called a man of evil. Or, he is prone to anger and be conquered by anger, and when said a little, he is angry, angry, hurt, revolt, manifest anger, discontent [AN.3.25], which is called the wicked man. Or he is a man prone to anger and a resentant, a hiderer, a man of evil, a man who is a jealous, the distringent, the tricky, the hypocrites, the wretched, the very slow, the wickedness, the wickedness, Stubborn, hard to abandon [AN.6.36], this is known as the wicked man.
 What is not a wicked person? Here, Bichu is a commander who lives in the protection of the home-made porotty fork, with a positive and march, seen in micro-crime, in the school after being held after learning [AN.2.37], which is known as evil The people. Or, he is not easy to anger, often undisturbed, when said more, unhappy, not angry, not hurt, not resist, do not show anger and dissatisfaction [MN.135], which is called no evil man. Or, he is a man who is not easy to anger, no resentment, a man who does not hide evil, no arbitrariness, a man who is not jealous, does not stingy, a man who is not cunning, no hypocrisy, not the slower, the unwicked. Wickedness is not stubborn, stubborn, easy to abandon, this is known as the evil person. All ignorance is a wickedness, the good and the eight saints are not wicked. For those who are not arrogant, not evil.
 "And those who are not keen on divessive words": ""divogar," here, a certain category of people is an alienation, after he heard from here, and said there in order to divescend to these people, or, after he heard it from there, in order to To those who are distracting here, like this, he is the spoiler of peace, the diffuser of division, the loving disintegration, the loving of disunity, the loving of disunity, the one who likes disunity, and speaks of disunity, which is called dissent. The language.
 In addition, there are two reasons for the divination: in order to be cute, or to split the desire. How is the desire to become cute to generate disgust? "To this one, I will be lovely, I will become the consensual, I will be close friend, I will become cordial." This is to be a desire to become cute to generate disgust. How is the disperversive word generated by the desire to split? "How these become kinds of things, will become separation, will become divided, will become two, will become contradictory, will become second-faction, break, do not reunion, cause bitterness and unease." This is the disgust of the desire to divide. Whosoever for him is cut off, cut off, calmed, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire, he is not keen in disguise, not yoke, not strong yoke [, not fully yoke] To the upper yoke, not toward the upper yoke, not to the upper yoke." For those who are not keen on the distinguistic.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Those who have quit, those who are not witters, and those who do not desire, and
 The unarrogant, those who are not wicked, and those who are not keen on discourse
 88. Satisfactory leaks, as well as those who are not enthusiastic at extreme slower levels,
 The softer and those who have counsel, and the unbelievers, do not leave him.
 "No leaks on satisfactory": "satisfactory is called five desires. For what reason satisfying is called five desires? It is called five kinds of desires that people want, accept, pray, enthusiasm, and desire for most days, satisfying for that reason. Whoever for him this satisfying thirst of love is unbroken, whose love flowes out due to the color of the eye (Thailand version), flows, turns; Because of the thirst love of the voice of the ear... because of the smell of the nose... because of the taste of the tongue... because of the thirst love touched by the body... because of the thirst love of meaning flowing out, generating, flowing, and turning. Whoever for him this satisfying thirst is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire, he does not flow out, does not flow, does not flow, does not flow, does not turn away, because of the color of the eye; Because of the thirst love of the voice of the ear... (medium) because of the thirst of the meaning does not flow out, does not produce, does not flow, does not turn." For the unleakable person on a satisfactory basis.
 "And those who are not keen on extremely slow": "What is extremely slow? Here, a certain class of people, either by birth, or by surname... (middle) or with something contemptuous of others, such as the slow, thought, thought of the situation, the gong, the high slow, the flags, the high, the heart of the vanity, this is Called extremely slow. Whosoever is for him who is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, not born, burned by wisdom flame, he is not keen on the very slow, not the yoke, not the strong yoke [, not the yoke [, not the right yoke; Not toward the upper yoke], not entirely toward the upper yoke." For those who are not keen on extremely slow as well.
 "The soft and the talents": "The soft man", "has a soft body" for the soft, soft language... "has a soft intentions" is soft, and "soft to hold" is soft, Soft and hard work... soft gods feet... soft roots... soft forces... "with soft gods" for the soft ones, and "eight sacred paths" for the softer.
 There are three types of talents: those who have learned the talents, those who have been questioned, and those who have testimonials. What are the talents learned? Here, a certain category of people was a learner: Shutara, the night, the remembered, Gatore, Youtana, such as the language, this student, did not have the law, Pifura, according to what he had learned, this is the defender of the learning. What are the talents of the questioning? Here, a certain category of people is interroperate in his own interests, legitimate interests, special characteristics, reasons, probability and impossibility (permissibility). This is the defendant who is questioned after his interroperation. What is a testimonial defender? Here, a certain category of people is four, four positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven senses, eight holy ways, four salmon fruit, four talents, four talents, six god, for him is known to the righteous, the known jurisprudence, Known words, in the already known sense of reason are defended, in known law law is defended, in the known words are defended, about these three kinds of wisdom is unhindered, arrive (have), complete arrival (have), Entering, fully entering, full, fully sufficient, having this argument does not hinder the solution, he is called a talented person. What will he plead without learning, and he has not asked, nor has he testified? For the soft and talented.
 "The Unbeliever, He is not infected": "The Unbelievers", who are known to himself and self-present, do not believe in any other Salmon, or Brahmen, or heaven, or man, or Brahmen, or in the Brahm, or the Brahma, or the Brahma, I testify... (medium) "All works are bitter"... "All law is without me"... "There is no way"... (middle) "with life for old death"... "Destroy with no knowledge and destruction" ... (medium) "There is death and death in life"... "It is bitter"... (medium) "This is the trail of leading bitterness"... "These are troubles"... (medium) "This is the path of guidance troubles"..." These laws should be known"... (medium) "These laws should be testified" by themselves... (medium) six touchdowns of the collection, extinction, fun, oversuffering, out of... Four big collection, extinction, taste, excision, exodus, out of their own proof... (medium) "any set law is extinction law" is known by themselves, self-proof of the law of yourself to any other Salmon, or Brahmen, or days , or people, or Brahma do not believe.
 This was said by Worldman [SN.48.44]: "Sherifer! You have [such] letter: when the letter root has been practiced, has more training, there is an undead foothold, the other side of the undead, the end of the undead; when the vitality root... when the root... when the root... when Wigen practice, more training Is there an undead foothplace, the other side of the undead, the end of the undead?"
 "Dade! Here, I do not believe in worldship: when the root of the letter... when the root of vitality... when the root of vitality... when Wigen has practiced, has more training, there is an undead foothold, an undead side, the end of the undead, Dade! Whosoever is not known, not seen, not found, not testified, and not touched by Wisdom, there, they will come to other people with faith: when the root of the letter has been practiced, has more training, there is an undead footing, the undead side, the end of the undead; when the root of vitality... when the root of life... when the root of the root... when Wisen has practiced 、Have more training, there is an undead foothold, the other side of the undead, the end of the undead; but, Dade! Whosoever is known, seen, found, and has been testified, and has been touched by Wisdom, where they are confident and unquestionably: when the root of the letter... when the root of vitality... when the root of vitality... when When Hagan has been practiced and practiced more, there is an undead foothold, an undead side, and the end of the undead. Dade! To me this has been known, seen, found, testified, has been reached by Hui, there, I am confident, undoubtedly: when the root of the letter... when the root of vitality... think the root... to be the root... to be the root... to be the root... When Wisan has been practiced and practiced more, there is an undead foothold, the other side of the undead, and the end of undead."
 "Good! Ok! Sherifer! Sherifer! If this is not known, unseen, undiscovered, unseen, not testified, not touched by Hui, there they will come to the others with faith: When the letter root... There is an undead foothplace, the other side of the undead, the end of the undead.
 "The unbelievers and those who are not known, and whosoever has been cut off their revolts
 He who destroys opportunities, has spit out, is indeed the best man." [Dhp. 97]
 "The unbelievers shall not be stained": "All ignorance is dyed, and the good man, including seven kinds of school, they are dyed, and Arrohan is neither dyed nor from the dyed: He has gone away from the infected with greedy. State; to the extinction becomes a state of dislocation; with the dementia extinction became deprecated state, he is down state, has practised the act... (medium) life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration." For the unbelievers, he is not stained.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "The unleakable in a satisfactory way, and those who are not keen on extremely slow,
 The softer and the defensible, and the unbelievers, he is not stained.
 89. Learning for profit, and anger when there is no profit,
 Do not love the hostile with thirst, not greedy in taste.
 "Learning for profit, and anger when there is no profit": "How is it to learn for profit? Bichu! Here, Bichu saw that Bichu was the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, and he thought, "What is this His Holiness, what is clothing, feeding, shelter, the patient's needs, medicine. What about the profit of the necessities? He thought, "This His Holiness is a teacher, because then he is the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities." Profits are due, profit as a cause, profit as a reason, for the birth of profit, so that the profits are familiar with him to learn the classics, so it is to gain and learn.
 Or, Bichu saw that Picchu was the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, and he thought, "What is this His Holiness, what is clothing, feeding, shelter, the patient's needs, medicine. What about the profit of the necessities? He thought, "This His Holiness is a lawyer... (cr.) the sayer... Abidamyr, because then he is a profit of clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities." It is also for gain to learn Abidamas for the sake of profit, for the sake of profit, and for the sake of the birth of the profit, so that he has learned Abidamus all too.
 Or, Bichu saw that Picchu was the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, and he thought, "What is this His Holiness, what is clothing, feeding, shelter, the patient's needs, medicine. What about the profit of the necessities? He thought, "This is a man who lives in the forest... beggers... who wear manure sweepers... but the third beggers... the beggers who are not eaten after eating... those who sit [not lying]... who live everywhere, because That His Holiness is the benefit of clothing, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities." Profits for reason, profit for the origin, profit for the reason, for the birth of profit, so that the profits are familiar with him is the forest field... (middle) everywhere dwellers, this is also to gain and learn.
 How is it for profit to learn? "Bichu! Here, Bichu non-profit for reasons, non-profit for reasons, non-profit as the reason, the birth of non-profit, non-profit, not to make gains familiar, only for the purpose of their own reconciliation (interests), their own silence purposes, make yourself To achieve Nibbana's purpose he learns classics, he learns law, and he learns Abidamas, so he learns for profit.
 Or, Bichu non-profit for reasons, non-profit for reasons, non-profit reasons, non-profit, non-profit, non-profit, non-profit is familiar, only for the sake of little desire, consensual reason, reduction, living alone, there is this As a result of the state of the forest, become a regular begger... become a dung sweeper... become the third beggar... become the second beggar... become a person who does not eat after eating... become often sitting [not lying]... ... to be a person everywhere, so it is not necessary to gain and learn." Learn for non-profit.
 "And to anger when there is no profit", how is it angry when there is no profit? Here, a certain group of people [thought]: "I don't get home, or I can't get a group, or I can't get shelter, or I don't get any gain, or I don't get fame, or I don't get praise, or I don't get pleasure. , or I can't get clothes, or I can't get a group meal, or I don't get a bed seat, or I can't get my patient's needs and medical essentials, or I am not given care, or I am not known." He is angry, rejected, stubborn (revolt), shows anger, dissatisfaction. This is to be angry when there is no profit.
 How is not angry without profit? Here, Bichu [thought]: "I can't get home, or I can't get a group... I'm not known." He does not anger, does not reject, intransigence (revolt), and shows no anger, dissatisfaction. This is not angry when there is no gain." Learn for unwary gain, and anger when there is no profit.
 "Do not love hostility with thirst, do not follow greed in taste": ""The enemy", all heart anger, hostility, hostility, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, evil, evil, heart harm, wicked, Wrath, anger, state of anger, rage, angry, angry state, harm, anger, anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure, which is called hostility. Whosoever for him is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, and burned by a fire of wisdom, he is called the unhostile. "Thirst love", the color of thirst love, the voice of thirst love, the smell of thirst love, thirst love of taste, the thirst of the touch, the thirst "Taste (taste)", with root, dry, skin, leaf, floral, fruit, sour, sweetness, bitter, spicy, salty, alkali, sour, astringent, pleasant, unpleasant, cool, hot, Some Salmon, Brahmen are the greedy of taste, they roam with the tongue for the highest taste and roam, they get sour after seeking no sour taste, get no sour taste, after getting sweetness; after getting sweetness, Get no sweetness after seeking sweetness; get bitterness after no bitterness, get no bitterness after the bitterness; get spicy after no spicy taste, get no spicy taste after spicy taste; get salty after no salty, get No salty after seeking salty; after getting alkali taste, get no alkali after getting alkali taste; get sour taste after stringency, get astringent after getting sour taste; get pleasant taste after unpleasant taste, get Unpleasant taste after seeking pleasant taste; get cool after all the heat, get the heat after all the cold, they get after each get because they are not satisfied and repeatedly seek, in the consensual taste greed, greedy, tied, being tied, being Obsessed, dyed, attached, entrenched, obstructed, who for him this taste thirst love is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he eats food after inspection : "Neither for pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for good body, not for solemn, only for the survival, survival of this body, in order to stop damage, in order to finance Van Heng. In this way, I will repel what I felt before, not stirring new feelings, health, no fault, and well-being."
 If he is oiled to sores only for the purpose of long [meat], or, if he is oiled on the axle, only for the purpose of transportation of goods, or if he eats his son's meat food only for the desertient Purpose. Similarly, after picchu Ruri, eat food: "Neither for pleasure... (in the middle) to live well." The thirst of taste loved him to break, depart from, and end, and make it come to absent. He should have been separated from the taste of thirst, quanned, quanned, departed, departed, freed, unbound, and he dwelt with a restrained heart." For those who do not love hostility with thirst, do not follow greed in taste.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "To learn for profit, and to be angry in the absence of profit,
 Do not love the hostile with thirst, and do not follow greed in taste."
 90. calm people always mind, in the world do not think the same,
 There is no increase for him who is not the inferior.
 "Calm is always mindful.": "Calm", with six calmness: after seeing color, neither happy nor sad and live in calm, mindful, mindfulness; after listening to the voice... (medium) after consciousness, neither happy nor Sadly and live in calm, mindful, cognitive [DN.33 six permanent residence]. After seeing the consensual color, do not seek, dislike, do not make greed, his body is already standing, the heart is standing, and his heart has been established, good relief, and, after seeing the unsatisfactory color, does not become discouraged A heart that has no standing, the sorrow without heart, and the unwicked evil, his body is abated, and his heart has been established, and his heart is built, and righteously freed. After listening to the voice in the ear... after the smell of the nose... after taste with the tongue... after touching the touch... after the consensual law of consciousness, do not seek, dislike, do not make greed, not greed, his body is already standing, the heart is already living He who has made himself is established by good and liberated, and, after the knowledge of the unconsensual law, does not become a discouraged, unabated heart, sorrow without heart, without heart, and malice without heart; his body is abated, and his heart is dwelt The one who stands, is established by good, and liberated.
 After seeing color, in the consensual and unconsensual color for him are standing, the heart has lived, himself was established, good relief; after listening to the voice... (medium) in consciousness after the law of consciousness, after consensual And the law of unconsensual is for him who has lived, the heart has stayed, and himself was established and liberated by good [SN.46.6].
 After seeing color, will not be dyed on the dye, will not be angry on anger, will become stupid on the stupid, not angry on the angry, not drunk on the will be drunk, will not pollute on the polluting; After listening to the voice in ear... (middle) to consciousness law, will not be dyed on the dyed, will not be angry on the angry, will become stupid on the stupid, not angry on the angry, on the will not be drunk Drunk, do not pollute on the polluting. There is only so much in what you see; in what it is only heard so much; in the perception only perceive so much; in what we know so much [SN.35.95], not seen Contamination; It is not contaminated in what it is known; it is not contaminated in what we know, it is no obsession, [morality] undetrimental, unrestrained. He has been freed from the bound, and he dwells away from the restrained heart; in what he heard... (medium) is known to be the unobsession, the undestructed, the unbound, the unbound. He has been freed, and he dwelt away from the restrained heart.
 Allohan has (exist) eyes, Alohan with eyes, Alohan has no greedy, Alohan has good relief; Alohan has ears, Allohan ears listening, Alohan has no greedy, Alohan has a good heart free; Alohan has a nose, Arohan smells with the nose, Alohan no greedy, Alohan heart relief; Alohan has tongue, Allohan tongue taste... (medium) Alohan has a body, Arrohan touched by the touch... Alohan intentionally, Allohan in the law of consciousness, Alohan has no greedy, Alohan's heart relief [SN.35.232].
 Eyes joy in color, joy in color, joy in color, Arrohan has relegated, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught about it's homemade law; ear joy in the sound... (medium) nose in the smell In joy... tongue joy in taste, joy in the taste, joy in the taste, Arohan has relegated, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught about its homemade law, in the touch of joy... (Litra) intended to rejoice in law, joy in law, and joy in the law, Arrohan has been relegated, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught about it [MN.75].
 "They guide [the dragon elephant] which has been reigned into the rally, and the king ascend to the re
 He who has been reconciled is the most victorious among men, and reproach him
 And the horse of the donkey that has been revolved is a great victory, and the ste
 And Kungalah (elephant) is a dragon elephant, and the self-reign is even better.
 It is true that you do not take these cars, can go to the unreached direction,
 According to self-regulation, the reordinate to the reordinate to go. [Dhp. 321-323]
 They are unwavering in all kinds of slowness and become freed regenerators,
 They have reached the revolt, they are the winners in the world. [SN.22.76]
 Whosoever whose roots have been practiced, both inside and outside: in the world,
 Piercing this with His world, and he is a trainee waiting for death: He is the one who has reordinated. [Sn.3.6, 521]
 "Calm is always [mindful]"[Always',] always; everything; all times; often; eternal time... (medium) old age. "Mindful", in four ways: when the practice is mindful in the body, in the heart... when practicing in the law with the view of the law is mindful... Called mindful." For those who are calm is always mindful.
 "Do not think equal in the world": "Not by birth, or by last name... (middle) or by something that makes 'I'm the equivalent. ' For those who do not think about the same in the world.
 "Not the inferior": "Not by birth, or by last name... (middle) or by something that makes "I am the winner" extremely slow. Not by birth, or by last name... (middle) or by something that makes 'I am the inferior. ' For non-special winning non-inferior.
 "There is no surge for him": "For him," for Arrohan; for those who have been exhausted. "Growth", there are seven kinds of surge: greed, boomer, slow-rise, see surge, pollution rise, industry growth, for him these surges they do not exist, do not exist, not known, not found, have Being cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by a wisdom fire. For him there is no surge.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "The calm is always mindful, and in the world do not think the same,
 There is no increase for him who is not the inferior."
 91. For him there was no stopover: knowing the law became unstoppable.
 For having or without, for him thirsty love is not found.
 "For him there is no stop state": "For him," to Allohan, the troubles have been exhausted. "Stop", there are two kinds of stops: the stop of thirsty love and the stop of seeing... (middle) This is the stop of thirst love... (middle) This is the stop of seeing. For him, the stop of love has been cut off, the stop of seeing has been dismissed, the state of which the basis of thirsty love has been cut off, the state of the rest of the sight has been dismissed, for him he does not exist, Not known, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire." For him there is no stop state.
 "After knowing the law becomes unstoppable": "After knowing", after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judgment, after each, and after figure out. "Everything is unconstant" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after the separation, after figuring out; "Everything is bitter"... "All laws are without me"... (medium) "Any set law is extinction After knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, and figuring out. There are two kinds of stops: thirst for love and the stop of seeing... (medium) This is the stop of thirsty love... (middle) This is the stop of seeing. After giving off thirst for love; after the discernment is not stop the eye; do not stop the ear; do not stop the nose; do not stop the tongue; do not stop the body; do not stop on the people; all colors... all the sounds... all smells... Taste... all touches... Home... Groups (public)... dwellings... (middle) seen, heard, perceived, able to be known by the law of the people who do not stick, do not stick, do not fall into, unstuck, do not put their heart toward (Win). He has departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound, and he dwelt away from the restrained heart. To become unstopper after knowing the law.
 "For having or without, thirsty love for him is not found": "thirst love", thirst love of color, thirst love of voice, thirst love of smell, thirst love of taste, thirst love touched, thirsty love of law. "For him," for the Arrohan, the troubles have been exhausted. "Yes," yes, yes, no, no see. "Yes," to the constant, "for nothing", to disconnect. "Yes", to have repeatedly, repeatedly interesting, to be born again, born again, and again the birth of the individual. For him he was thirsty to love him not, did not exist, not known, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, and burned by a wisdom fire. For having or without, for him thirsty love is not found.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "For him there is no stopover: knowing the law becomes unstoppable,
 For having or without, thirsty love for him is not found."
 I say, "He is a silent man": those who have no expectation of desire,
 His bindings were not found, he spent love.
 "I say he is the Silent": "The Silent is the Stopper, the Cooler, the Stopper. I say he, I tell him, I talk about him, I tell him,I said him." Say to me that he is a "silent man."
 "Those who have no expectation of desire": "Wills", there are two kinds of desires from praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (medium) these are called the wills of pollution. After the desires of the things are known, after the desires of pollution are discarded, abandoned, after expropriation, after expropriation, after the end, and after the end of the absence, when desires are not expected, become deserted, discarded desires, ruled out desires Those who have freed their desires, those who have dismissed their desires, and those who have taken away from their desire, those who have gone away from their desire, those who have forsaken, those who have dismissed the greedy, those who have dismissed the greedy, those who are not hungry, And those who have cooled, those who have been cooled, and those who feel happy, dwelt with himself as the living of Van. For those who have no expectations in the desire.
 "His bindings are not found": "Bindings", there are four types of bindings: Greedy Bundles, Malicious Bindings, Forbidden Bindings, [Only] This is the true execution of the binding [SN. 45.175]. Own seeing greed for the bind of greed, anger and dissatisfaction in others as a malicious binding, to take their own abstinence or forbidden or forbidden bind for forbidden, their own see [of the execution of the bind (Ni.13,147)] is [only] this is true execution of the binding. "His", of the Alohan, the troubles of those who have exhausted "His bindings are not found": "For him they are not, do not exist, not known, not found, disconnected, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire ." For his bindings are not found.
 "He spent love": love is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. "Love", what is love? "Dispersed" for love; "vast" for love; "widespread" for love; "wrong" for love; "it forcibly" for love; "it seize" for love; "fraudulent" for love; "poison" for Love; "poison" for love; "poison used" for love; or, "the vast thirst love: in color... in the sound... in the smell... at the touch... at home... in The masses... in the dwellings... (middle) are enlarged in the knowledge of what they see, smell, feel, and be able to be known" is love. "He spent love": "This loving thirst loves him to spend, transcend, pass, pass, overcome." For him to spend love.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "I say, 'He is a silent man. '
 His bindings were not found, and he spent love.
 93. His son, his livestock, the fields and dwellings were not found,
 Even if it has been obtained or rejected, in him was not found.
 "His sons, livestock, land and homeland are not found": "No" is no. "His", of the Alohan, the troubles of those who have exhausted "Son", there are four kinds of sons: one born of his own, son born in fields, adoptive sons, and apprenticeship sons. "Livestock", goat and sheep, chicken and pig, like cow mule horse. "Fields", japonica rice fields, rice fields, mung bean fields, bean fields, barley fields, wheat fields, sesame fields. "Residential Land", residential land, warehouse front, backyard home, garden home, residential land. "His Son, his livestock, the land and the land and the dwelling land shall not be found": "The persistence of his Son, or the persistence of the livestock, or the persistence of the land, or the abundance of the land they are not, do not exist or are not known, Not found, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire." For his sons and livestock, the land and the homeland are not found.
 "Even if the one has been received or rejected, is not found in him": "The 'received' is seen for me; the "rejected" is dismissed, he has not "got" held; no "rejected" should be freed , whosoever has not been held, there is no one that should be freed; whosoever is not to be freed, he has not been held, Arrohan is a man who has crossed the grip and release, has passed growth and recession, he is descended The state, the person who has practiced... (medium) life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration." For even if it has been obtained or rejected, in him was not found.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "His sons, and his cattle, the fields and their homes are not found,
 Even if it has been obtained or rejected, in him was not found."
 94. Van and Shamon, and the Brahmen, by what can say to him,
 For him that is not valued, so about what said he does not shake.
 "Van Fu and Salmon, and the Brahmen,By what can say to him": "The Morphus, "They give birth to many pollutions." For Van Fu; "Many unremoved (killed)" for Van Fu; "See many masters face" for Van Fu; "Those who do not come out of much fun" for Van Fu; 'They make many kinds of creations. ' For Van Fu; 'They were washed away by many kinds of storm. ' For Van Fu; 'They are annoyed with many kinds of torments. ' For Van Fu; 'They are burned by many kinds of exertion. ' For Van Fu; "In a lot of five kinds of desire to be greedy, greedy, tied, obsessed, dyed, attached, stuck, handicapped, handicapped by a lot of five, covered, covered, closed, hidden, hidden, "The wrapper" is Van Fu. "Shamon", anyone who walks into the march from outside here, enters the parade. "Brahmen," anyone who calls friends to others. Van Fu and Salmon, and the Brahmen, by what can say him", and all that can speak with greed; all can speak with a stupid; all can speak slowly; all can say; all that can say; whosoever is able to say; whosoever is able to say; all that can say; The potential trend of annoying is that he is a 'dye', or 'disgusting', or 'ignorant' or 'bond', or 'beare', or 'coming to the dissipate', or 'coming to the unconsensual, 'or 'coming fortitude The creations have been cut off, and what is interesting about the state of which they have been cut off can say that he is a "fallen hell," or "the beast," or "the devil," or "man", or "heaven." , or 'colourless, 'or' thinkless' or 'thin' or 'thin', or 'neither thinkable nor unwitt'? He has no reason, no fate, nor a factor to speak, to tell, speak, explain, and speak. For Van Fu and Salmon, and for the Brahmen, and for what can say of him.
 "It is not valued for him": "For him," for Alrohan; for those who have been exhausted. There are two kinds of importance: [because of] the importance of love and [because] see... (medium) This is the importance of thirsty love... For him the attention of thirst love has been discarded, the attention of seeing has been dismissed, the attention of thirsty attention has been cut off state, see the attention of the state of dismissed, they put (do) without thirst love or invisible in front ( After the line, no thirst for love as a flag, no thirst love for building, no thirst love is increased, no sight as the flag, invisible as the building, no sight is increased, do not be thirsty love or see follow." For him that was not valued.
 "So he does not shake about what he said": "Therefore, therefore; that reason; that cause; that edge; that cause. With regard to what is said, to rebuke, to blame, to blame, to dispraise, to those with no praise, he does not shake, does not shake, does not move, does not shake, does not tremble, does not tremble (strong trembling), not much trembling (strong " So about what he said does not shake.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "Van Fu and Salmon, and the Brahmen, for what can say to him,
 For him that is not valued, so he does not shake about what is said."
 95. away from the greedy, not stingy, Muni will not say among the good,
 Not in the same, not among the inferior, the non-constructor does not come to construct.
 "From the desire, not stingy": ""Cedity is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. Whoever for him is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called away from the greedy, he is not greedy in color... (in the middle) seen and heard , feel, can be knowledge of the methods are not coed, not tied, not obsessed, sinless, away from the desire, no greedy, has abandoned the desire, has been excluded, has been free from the greedy, Those who have dismissed their greed, and who have dismissed it, and do not hungry... dwelt himself for the bereaved of Van." For away from greed. "Not stingy", "saving sting', there are five kinds of stingy: [right] the stingy of the residence, the saving of home, the profit of the stingy, the praise of the stingy, the law of the stingy, all like this... Save stingy Whosoever is for him that is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, and burned by a fire of wisdom, he is called the unstingable. For the desire, not stingy.
 "Muni will not say that among the good, not the same, not among the inferior": "Muni," Munna is called wisdom... He is Muni after he is beyond the dyed net. "I am the winner," or 'I am the same, 'or 'I am the inferior.' He does not say, does not tell, talk, do not say, do not say or speak." For Muni will not say inAmong the good, not the same, not among the inferior.
 "No builders do not come to build": "Construct", there are two types of constructions: [because] love constructs and [because] see constructs... (middle) This is the construction of thirsty love... (medium) This is the construction of see. "For him the construction of love has been cut off、See the construction has been dismissed, to the longest of the construction of the broken state, the construction of see the state of the dismissed, the longest of the construction or the construction of the seeming he does not come、No Arrival, not arriving, not holding, not taking action, not persistence. Not to come to the build. There are two types of constructions: the construction of [because of] love and [because] see constructs... (middle) This is the construction of thirsty love... For him the construction of love has been cut off, the construction of see has been dismissed, to the state of the longing construction of the broken state, the construction of see the state of dismissed, the construction of thirst or see the construction he does not make, does not make it Produce, do not produce, do not give birth, do not give birth to it." Not for the constructor does not come to build.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "The one who is away from the greedy, not stingy, Muni will not say among the good
 Not in the same, not among the inferior, the non-constructor does not come to build."
 96. For him who does not have his own in the world, he does not grieve for nonexistent,
 Without walking into the law, he is indeed called the "Silent."
 "To him who does not have himself in the world": "To him," for Arrohan; for those who have troubled. "He who does not have himself in the world," to him any color, by the sort of, think, do, or know, "This is mine, or this is someone else." He was held, taken, taken, taken, believed, he was not, did not exist... (medium) was burned by the wisdom fire." For him there is no own in the world.
 "He does not grieve for what is not there": "He does not grieve in things that have become easy, or he does not grieve in things that become easy: 'My eyes have become easy. 'He does not grieve; 'My ears... my nose... my tongue... my body I mean... my colors... my voices... my smells... my tastes... my touches... my methods... my house... my group... my dwellings... My gain... my reputation... my praise... my music... my clothes... my feeding... my bed seat... my patient's needs and medical necessities... my mother... my father... ... my brother... my sister... my son... my daughter... my friends... my colleagues... my relatives... my blood has become easy." He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not. Chest crying, do not come to confusion. So that he does not grieve for non-existent.
 Or, "touched, tortured, combined, possessed, he is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not crying, do not come to confusion: by eye disorder touched, tortured, combined, possessed, he is not sad, not Tired, not sad, do not cry, do not come to confusion; by ear disease... by the nose... by the tongue... by the head disease... by the external ear disease... by mouth disease... was cough... was pumped... by external nasal disease... fever... by old abdominal disease... coma... being diarrheal... by the abdominal pain... by cholera... by leprosy... by tumor... by ringworm... by pulmonary disease... by ringit ... scabies... scratched by rhymia (a kind of sickness)... cracked skin... blood-blood-disease... with diabetes... rash (boils blisters)... by hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer)... bile Equivalent diseases... diseases that are eated by sputum... diseases that are erected by the wind... diseases that are grouped by [three]... diseases that are caused by changing times... diseases born of improper posture... were struck suddenly Diseases... Diseases born from the kamma... cold... being hungry... being thirsty [... being dung... urine]... by the contact of the flies mosquitoes wind sun snake up, tortured, combined, possesses, he does not Sadness, not tired, not sad, do not weep, do not cry, do not come confused." It is also that he does not grieve for non-existent.
 Or, "In the middle of the nonexistent, unknowable, undiscovered [thought]: 'Ah! My one is really gone, and if there is one of mine, I really don't get that." He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, does not cry, and does not come to confusion." It is also that he does not grieve for non-existent.
 "Do not go to the law": "do not go to the desire should not do; do not go to theThe line; do not go to the stupid should not walk; do not go to terror should not go; do not go because of greed (to); do not go because of obsession; not because of slow; do not go because of seeing; not because of a loss; Go without doubt; do not worry about potential trends and go, not quarrel (not and not) law carry away, take away, carry, carry, carry." For not to go to the law.
 "He is indeed called the Silent": 'He is the Silent, the Stopper, the Destroyer, the Cooler, the Stopper. ' Be called, spoken, told, talked, spoken, described, told. For him is indeed called the "Silent".
 Because then, Worldman said:
 "For him who has no own in the world, he does not grieve for the nonexistent,
 He is indeed called the "Silent."
 Notes of the Tenth [Completed] before the disintegration.


Excerpt:
 1. Before death, a liberator can be called a silent person — describing what the liberator looks like.
 2. a school: no anger, not afraid, do not show off (slow), do not regret, consider, do not fall off, words homemade, do not tricky, no enthusiasm, not stingy, not arrogant, not evil, not between, not leaking, not leaking, Not hostile, no greed.
 12/12/2020 10:45