12. Instructions for configuring Xiaojing
    Secondly, the instructions for configuring the Xiaojing will say:
    113. The stayers who saw each other, after holding it, the skillful people told:
       Anyone who knows this will discover the law, and whoever rejects it is an incomplete one.
"Stoppers who see each other": "Some Shamen and Brahmans are evil views. After they control, grasp, pick up, grasp, and cling to one of the 62 evil views, they are in Individuals live, live together, live, and stay (live all over), such as living in the family home, or the guilty person living in sin, or the polluter living in the pollution. Similarly, some Shamen and Brahmins are Those with bad views, after they control, after grasping, after picking up, after clinging, and after clinging to one of the 62 evil views, they live, live together, live, and stay in their respective views ( Live all over)." For the stayers they see.
"After grasping, the skillful people inform all kinds of things": ""After grasping", after grasping, grasping, picking up, grasping, grasping, they tell all kinds of things; they tell in many ways; they conflict with each other ] Inform; they inform individually; they inform (speak) differently, they tell, they talk, they explain, they say. "Skillful people", skillful speakers, wise speakers , A firm speaker, a [has] method, a [a] reason, a [a] characteristic speaker, a [a] grounded speaker, it is possible for one's own opinions The speaker." After holding it, the skillful people told all kinds of things.
     "Whoever knows this way, he discovers the Dhamma": "Whoever knows this way, he discovers the Dhamma": "Whoever knows this way, he perceives, knows, sees, and penetrates the Taoist path." For anyone who knows this way he discovers the Dhamma.
"He who rejects this is an incomplete one": "Anyone who rejects Dhamma, View, Taoism, and Taoism is incomplete; he is incomplete; he is incomplete; he is inferior, despicable, inferior Those who are inferior, those who are inferior, those who are inferior intent, those who are insignificant." He is an incomplete one to reject this.
     Because of that, Huaren said:
     "The stayers who have seen each other, after grasping, the skillful people all told:
       Anyone who knows this will discover the law, and whoever rejects it is incomplete. "
    114. After holding this way, they argued, and said "the opponent is the fool, the unskilled",
       Then which of these speakers is true? Because these people all claim to be skillful.
"After holding this way, they argue": "After holding this way, after grasping, after picking up, after grasping, after grasping, they argue, quarrel, argue, argue, argue, and argue: "You don't know This law, law... (omitted) Please dismantle it, if you can."" They argued after holding it like this.
"And say, "The opponent is the fool, the unskilled"": ""The opponent is the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior intent, the insignificant, the unskilled, the ignorant, the ignorant, and the unwise Those who are indifferent, those who are indifferent (not wise), those who are inferior and wise.” Say it this way; tell it this way; talk this way; explain it this way; say it this way." For and say "the opponent is the fool, the unskilled."
"Then which speaker of these people is true": "Which speaker of these Shamen and Brahmins is true, truthful, true, factual, correct, and not inverted?" So which of these speakers is true .
"Because these people are all professing skillful people": "These sandmen and brahmins are all skillful speakers, wise speakers, strong speakers, [have] methods, [have] Reasoners, [have] characteristics, [have] grounds, [have] grounds, and have their own opinions as possible.” Because these people are all those who claim to be skillful.
     Because of that, Huaren said:
    "After holding this way, they argued and said, "The opponent is the fool, the unskilled",
       Then which of these speakers is true? Because these people all claim to be skillful. "
     115. If he does not recognize the opponent’s law, he is a fool, a fool (Ceylon version), a despicable man,
       are all fools and despicable wise men: these people are all stoppers of seeing.
"If you don't approve the opponent's law": "When the opponent's law, view, path, Tao he does not approve, does not approve, does not agree (anānumananto?), does not agree, does not agree with the opponent. law.
"He is a fool, a fool (Ceylon version), a despicable man": "The opponent is the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the insignificant, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, etc. The wise, the low-wise, the inferiorly wise, the insignificantly wise."Because he is a fool, a fool (Ceylon version), a despicable man.
"They are all fools, very despicable and wise": "These Shamen and Brahmins are all fools, inferior, despicable, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, and insignificant. They are all inferior and wise, despicable, Inferior wise persons, low wise persons, inferior intention wise persons, and insignificant wise persons." All of them are fools and extremely despicable ones.
"These people are all see-stoppers": "These Shamen and Brahmins are all evil-viewers. After controlling, grasping, picking up, grasping, clinging to one of the sixty-two evil views, Afterwards, they live, live together, live, and stay (live all over) in their own sights, such as staying at home in the family, or the guilty in sin, or the polluter in the pollution. The same, these Shamen and Brahmins are all evil seers... (slightly omitted) stay (live all over)." Because these people are all seers.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "If he does not recognize the opponent’s law, he is a fool, a fool (Ceylon version), a despicable man,
       are all fools and despicable wise men: these people are all stoppers of seeing. "
    116. But if you become innocent by your own view (Thailand version), you are completely pure and wise, skillful, and aware,
      , there is no inferior wise person among those people, because those people's vision is completed like that.
"But if you become innocent by your own view (Thailand version)": "Be {not} innocent, {not} innocent, with your own views, with your own likes, with your own hobbies, with your own opinions, {No} clean, [not] polluted, [not] polluted." But if you become innocent based on your own opinion (Thailand version).
"The one who is completely pure and wise, the one who is skilful, the one who is aware of the wisdom": "The one who is completely pure and wise, the one who is pure and wise, the one who is pure and wise, the one who is pure and wise, the one who is bright and wise, or the one who sees purely, and who sees purely The pure seer, the white seer, and the bright seer" are the completely pure and wise. "Skillful", "Skillful are the wise, the wise, the magical, the wise, the separated, and the wise." For the completely pure and wise, the skillful. "The wise one", the wise one is the wise, the wise, the magical, the wise, the distinguished, and the wise." The pure and the wise, the skillful, The wise one.
"Then those who do not have any inferior wisdom": "Those who do not have any inferior intellect, inferior intellect, inferior intellect, inferior intellect, inferior intent and intellect, and insignificant intellect among the Shamen and Brahman, are all the best The wiser, the superior wiser, the supremely wiser, the most wiser, and the top wiser." That means there is no inferior wiser among those people.
"Because the views of those people have been completed like that": "The views of those Shamen and Brahmans have been completed, held, grasped, grasped, attached, taken, and believed and understood like that." The sight of those people was completed like that.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "But if you become an innocent person (Thailand version) by your own vision, you are completely pure and wise, skillful, and aware,
      , there is no inferior wise person among those people, because those people's vision is completed like that. "
    117. I don’t say "this is the truth": where they say that the opponent is a fool,
       They regard their views as true, so they call their opponents "the fools."
"I do not say "This is the truth"": ""No" is negative. "This", "Sixty-two evil views, this is truthful, true, factual, correct, and not reversed." I will not tell (say) , I don’t explain, I don’t teach, I don’t tell, I don’t build, I don’t reveal, I don’t parse, I don’t clarify, I don’t explain.” I don’t say "this is truthful."
"Whoever they say to each other is a fool": "A "enemy" is two people, two quarrelers, two disputers, two arguers, two arguers, two defenders, and two arguers , Two interlocutors, they say this to each other, talk this, talk this, explain this, say [the adversary] as the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior intent, the insignificant." For where they say that the opponent is a fool.
     "They set their own views as true": "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else is empty." For them, their views are true. "The world is very constant, this is real, and everything else is empty."... (omitted) "The Tathagata after death neither exists nor does not exist, this is real, and everything else is empty." They take their own views as true.
     "therefore they call their opponents "the fool"": ""therefore", therefore; that reason; that reason; thatFate; the cause, they set, see, see, watch, watch, observe, and observe their opponents as fools, inferior, despicable, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, and insignificant. "That's why they call their opponents "Fools."
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "I don't say "This is the truth": whoever says that the enemy is a fool,
       They regarded their own views as true, so they regarded their opponents as "Fools". "
    118. Where some people say "true and truthful", others say "that is hypocritical and false",
After holding        like this, they argued, why did the Shamen tell them differently?
"Whoever some people say "true, truthful"": "Every dhamma, seeing, path, path, some Shamen and Brahmins say this, tell this, talk this, explain this, say this: "This is true , Truthful, true, factual, correct, and irreversible."" For those who say "true, truthful" to certain people.
"Others said, "It's hypocritical, hypocritical": "As for the Dhamma, Seeing, Taoism, Dao, some Shamen and Brahmins said, said, said, said, explained, said: "This It is hypocritical, this is false, this is false, this is false, this is incorrect."" Say "that is hypocritical, false" for others.
"After holding this way, they argue": "After holding this way, after grasping, after picking up, after grasping, after grasping, they argue, quarrel, argue, argue, argue, and argue: "You don't know This law, law... (omitted) Please dismantle it, if you can."" They argued after holding it like this.
"Why do the Shamen tell them differently": "Why? Why? What is the reason? What is the cause? What is the condition? What is the cause? What is the collection? What is the birth? What is the cause? The root cause? They tell differently; they tell in various ways; they tell in many ways; they [conflict] tell each other; they tell (say) individually, they tell, they talk, they explain, they say.” Why do the sandmen tell them differently?
     Because of that, Huaren said:
     "Whoever some people say "true and truthful", others say "that is hypocritical and illusory",
After holding        like this, they argued, why did the Shamen tell them differently? "
    119. It’s true that there is no second one. Those who understand shouldn’t argue about anything.
       all kinds of real people applauded by themselves, so the sandmen told them differently.
"It is true that there is no second one in a single reality": "Single reality is called cessation of suffering, nirvana, which is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed, annihilation, and nirvana. Or, The single truth is called the truth of the Tao, the truth of the detachment, the path to the suffering, the eight branches of the holy path, namely: right view, right will, right speech, right kamma, right life, right effort, right thought, right concentration. There is no second.
"A person who understands should not argue about anything": ""No matter what", no matter what reality. "Man", a synonym for all living beings. "Understanding (person)", whoever truly understands , Those who know, those who know others, those who know for sure, those who understand, should not quarrel, should not argue, should not argue, should not argue, should not argue, quarrel, argue, argue, argue, argue He should let it go, he should be driven away, he should end it, and he should make it go to non-existence." Those who understand should not argue about anything.
"They applaud all kinds of realities themselves": "All kinds of realities they applaud, tell, tell, talk, explain, and speak; "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else is empty." They themselves Applaud, inform, tell, talk, explain, speak; the world is very constant... (omitted) "After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, and everything else is empty." They applauded themselves. , Tell, tell, talk, explain, speak." They applauded all the truths.
"Therefore, the sandmen tell them differently": "'Therefore,' therefore; that reason; that cause; that fate; that cause they tell differently; they all tell; they tell in many ways; they [conflict] each other They inform (speak) individually, they tell, they talk, they explain, they say.” For this reason, the Shamen told differently.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "It’s true that there is no second one. People who know shouldn’t argue about anything.
       They applauded all the truths about themselves, so the sandmen told them differently. "
    120. Why do they tell all kinds of truths: those who talk about it, those who claim to be skillful?
       Are those realities numerous and various, or do they follow inferences?
"Why do they tell all kinds of truth": "Why, why? What is the reason? What is the cause? What is the condition? What is the cause? They tell all kinds of things; they tell many things; they tell each other [ Conflict]; they tell all kinds of truth, they tell, they talk, they explain, they say.” Why do they tell all kinds of truth.
"Good commenters, claim skillful ones": ""Good commenters", "they refute" are good commentators, or they say, tell, talk, explain, and say their own views: "The world is constant, This is true, and everything else is empty." They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak; the world is very permanent... (omitted) "After death, the Tathagata neither exists nor does not exist, this is true Yes, everything else is empty." They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak. "Declare the skillful", the skillful speaker, the wise speaker, the firm speaker, [have] Those who speak methods, those who [have] reasons, those who [have] characteristics, those who [have] grounds, those who make their own opinions possible." Declare a skillful person.
     "Whether those realities are numerous and various": "Whether those realities are numerous, various, multifaceted, mutually [conflicting], and individual." Whether those realities are numerous and various.
     "Or they follow the inference": "Or they carry, take, carry, and carry by inference and thinking." In this way, they still follow the inference. Or, "They are influenced by inferences, investigated and accompanied, speaking, telling, talking, explaining, speaking with their own arguments." In this way, they still follow the inference.
     Because of that, Huaren said:
     "Why do they tell all kinds of truths: those who talk about it, those who claim to be skillful?
       Are those realities numerous and various, or do they follow inferences? "
    121. Reality is indeed not numerous and various, except after he recognizes the habitual things in the world,
       But after seeing the conclusion, they said there are two methods of "true and false".
     "Reality is indeed not numerous and various": "Reality is indeed not numerous, various, multi-faceted, mutually [conflicting], individual." It is true that reality is not numerous and various.
"Except after he recognizes the permanent things in the world": "In addition to cognizing the permanent attachments, there is only a single truth in the world to be told, talked, explained, and spoken: suffering and nirvana, that is the end of all actions. , The cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nirvana. Or, the single truth is called the truth of the truth, the truth of the truth, the path of suffering, the eight noble paths, namely: right view... …(Omitted) Zhengding.” Except for his knowledge of the permanent things in the world.
"But after the conclusion of the inference on the view, they said the two methods of "true and false": "thinking, thinking, thinking after they choose, after thinking, after thinking, so that bad views are produced, produced, and arose. Give birth; after the bad views are produced, produced, arisen, and born, they say this, talk this, talk this, explain this, say this: "Mine is real, and yours is false." After the conclusion of the above conclusion, they said two methods of "true and false".
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Reality is indeed not numerous and various, except after he recognizes the habitual things in the world,
       But after seeing the conclusion, they said "true and false" two methods. "
    122. In seeing, hearing, precept and prohibition or perception, after relying on these, he becomes a light insulting seer,
       became a laughter after being judged, and said that his opponent was "the fool, the unskilled."
"In terms of what you see, hear, precepts and prohibitions or perceptions, rely on these to become obscene seers": ""The purity of what you see or see; the purity of what you hear or hear; the purity of precept or precept; the prohibition or The purity of prohibition; the purity of perception or perception, after reliance, after dependence, after picking up, after grasping, after clinging." It is in what you see, hear, precept and prohibition or feeling. "Rely on these Become a light insult seer", "disrespect" is a light insult seer, or "makes it arouses sorrow" is also a light insult seer." For seeing, hearing, precept and prohibition or perception, according to After stopping these, he becomes a viewer of slight insults.
     "Become a laughter after standing in judgment": ""Judgment is called sixty-two evil views [judgment of the view], in the judgment of seeing, Judgment sees after standing, after establishing, after taking up, after grasping, after clinging. "It means staying after the judgment. "Become a laughter", to be a joyous person, a laughter, a joyous person, a delightful person, a fully satisfied person, or a person who shows his teeth and continues to laugh. "Being a laughter after standing up in judgment.
"And say that the opponent is "the fool, the unskilled"": ""The opponent is the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior intent, the insignificant, the unskilled, the ignorant, the ignorant, and the unwise Those who are indifferent, those who are indiscriminate (not smart), those who are inferior and wise.” Say it this way; tell it this way; talk this way; explain it this way; say it this way." For and say that the opponent is "the fool, the unskilled."
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "In what you see, hear, precept and forbidden or feel, after relying on these, you become a light insulting seer,
       became a laughter after standing in the judgment, and said that his opponent was "the fool, the unskilled." "
    123. Just because he called his opponent a "fool", he said he was a "skillful man",
       regards himself [speaking] of himself, he becomes a person who claims to be skillful and despises other people like that.
"Because he sets his opponent as a "fool"": "He sets, sees, sees, gazes, contemplates, and observes opponents as fools, inferior, and despicable by that cause, by that condition, by that reason, by that source Those who are inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, and insignificant.” It’s because he calls his opponent the “fools”.
"So he is said to be a "skillful person"": "He (Ātumāno) is called himself (attā). He also uses that cause, that condition, that reason, and that root to [speak] himself: I am good The clever, the wise, the wise, the enlightened, the wise, the discriminating, the wise." That's why I call myself a "skillful."
"With oneself [speaking] oneself, he becomes the one who claims to be skillful": "Just use oneself [speaking] as a skillful speaker, a wise speaker, a firm speaker, a [have] method Those who [with] reasons, [with] characteristics, [with] grounds, and those who make their own opinions possible." He becomes a speaker who [speaks] himself Declare a skillful person.
"Despise other people he said like that": ""Disrespect" is to despise other people, or "to cause grief to arise" also to despise other people. "He said like that", he said that evil like that See: Like this, this person is a wrong view, a reverse view." He said that to despise other people.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Just because he called his opponent a "fool", he said he was a "skillful man",
       regards himself [saying] himself as a person who claims to be skillful and despise other people like that. "
    124. He was completed by the transgressed view, was intoxicated slowly and became a boastful person,
       was empowered by his own mind, because his vision was completed like that.
     "His disobedient view is completed": The disobedient view is called sixty-two evil views. For what reason is the view of transgression called sixty-two evil views? All these views have exceeded the reasons, the characteristics, and the possibilities. For this reason, the views of transgression are called sixty-two evil views. All views are in violation of views. For what reason all views are called transgressive views? They cross, cross, and overcome each other to produce evil views; make them produce, cause them to arise, and cause them to arise. For this reason, all views are called transgressive views. "He was completed by the transgressed view": "He was completed, filled with the transgressed view, and became perfect." It was completed for the transgressed view.
"Being intoxicated by slowness and becoming a person who boast of completeness": ""Being intoxicated by one's own seeing, being seen slowly, letting go, becoming crazy, excessive." Being intoxicated by slowness. "Boasting of completeness", boasting of completeness, boasting of completion Those who boast of perfection.” To be intoxicated by slowness and become boastful of perfection.
"I am empowered by myself with intention": "I am empowered by myself with my heart: I am a skillful, wise, wise, enlightened, wise, differentiated, and wise." Empower yourself with intention.
"Because his view is completed like that": "His view is like that is completed, held, grasped, grasped, attached, grasped, believed and understood." Because of his That meeting was completed like that.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "He was completed by the transgressed vision, was intoxicated by slowness and became a boastful person,
       was empowered by his own mind, because his vision was completed like that. "
    125. If an opponent becomes a despicable person because of words, he [also] becomes a despicable person together,
       But if [he] himself is a Vedic wise and wise person, there is no fool in the sand gate.
"For opponents if they become despicable because of words": "For opponents [because of] being rebuked by words, words, humiliation, insults, opponents [just] become fools, inferior, despicable Those who are inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, insignificant.” For opponents, if they become despicable because of words. "Then he himself [also] together become a vile and wise man": "Because of that, he also became a poorly wise man, a basely wise man, a poorly wise man, a lowly wise man, a poorly wise man, and an insignificant wise man." He himself [also] became a despicable man together.
"But if [he] himself is the Vedic acquainted, the wise one": "But if [he] himself is the Vedic acquainted, the wise, the wise, the wise, the enlightened, the wise, the separate, One who is wise.” But if [he] himself is a Vedas and wise.
"There is no fool in Shamen": "There is no fool, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior intent, or insignificant in Shamen. They are all the most wise, superior, and superior. The first wiser, the most wiser, the most wiser." Because there is no fool in Shamen.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "For the opponent to become a despicable person because of words, then he himself [also] becomes a despicable person together,
       But if [he] himself is a Vedic wise and wise person, there is no fool in the sand gate. "
    126. Anyone who tells other methods from here [outside], they are the pure missing, incomplete ones,
       all kinds of outsiders also told this, because they were tainted by the greed of their own opinions.
"Anyone who tells other Dhamma from here [outside], they are pure missed and imperfect ones": "Anyone who tells other Dhamma, view, path, and Tao from here, they are pure Tao, pure Tao, all pure The lost, the lost, the fallen, the lost of Tao, the pure white Tao, the bright and pure Tao, those who are completely intellectually missed, they are incomplete; they are incomplete; they are incomplete; they are inferior , The despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior intent, the insignificant.” For those who tell the other laws from here [outside], they are the pure misses and incomplete ones.
"Various sects also tell this": "Sects are called evil views, and sects are called evil views. All kinds of sects tell, tell, talk, explain, and speak all kinds of evil views." The same goes for all kinds of sects. inform.
     "Because they are tainted by the greed of their own opinions": "Because they are tainted by the greed of their own views, their greed, and their extremes." Because they are tainted by the greed of their own opinions.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anyone who tells other methods from here [outside], they are purely missing, incomplete,
       all kinds of outsiders also told this, because they were tainted by the greed of their own opinions. "
    127. They told "only here is pure", they said there is no purity in other methods,
       all kinds of outsiders are also fixed in this way, where they claim to be strong on their way.
"They tell "only here is pure"": "They tell, tell, talk, explain, say that here is pure, pure, pure all over; detachment, liberation, all detachment: "The world is everlasting, and this is true Yes, everything else is empty." They told, told, talked, explained, said that here is pure, pure, pure; detachment, liberation, detachment; the world is very constant... (Omitted) Non-existence or non-existence, this is true, and everything else is empty." They told, told, talked, explained, said that here is pure, pure, pure; detachment, liberation, detachment." For them Tell "only here is pure".
"They say that there is no purification in other dhamma": "Except for his own master’s and the narrative group, view, path, and path, he abandons, uproots, and surrounds all dissident theories: "That master is not all wise men. It is said that [its] group is not a person who does good, sees that it is not good, the path is not set up by the good, the path is not detached, there is no purity, or purity, or purity, or detachment, or liberation here , Or detached all over, without them becoming pure, or pure, or all pure, or detached, or liberated, or detached all over, they are inferior, despicable, inferior, inferior , Inferior intentions, insignificant." They say this, talk this, talk this, explain this, talk this.” For them, there is no purity in other laws.
    「All kinds of foreign roads are also fixed in this way": "Sects are called evil views, and all foreign roads are called evil views. They are fixed, stopped, stuck, entered, infected, and held in all kinds of evil views. The heart is facing.” This is how all kinds of outsiders are fixed.
"Where is the one who declares strong in his own way": "The Dhamma is his own way; seeing is his own way; the deeds are his own way; the way is his own way, and the strong speaker in his own way, The strong speaker, the strong speaker, the established speaker." For the one who claims to be strong in his own way.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "They told "only here is pure", they said there is no pure in other methods,
       all kinds of outsiders are also fixed in this way, where they claim to be strong on their way. "
     128. But in his own way, he claims to be strong, what opponent can he call the "Fool" here?
       is that he himself will bring dissent: the opponent is the fool's talker of the impure law.
"But proclaim the strong one on one's own path": "One's own law, one's own view, one's path, one's own way, in one's own way are the strong speaker, the firm speaker, the strong speaker The author, the established speaker.” For the one who claims to be strong in his own way.
"Here, what opponent can he call the "Fool"": ""Here", in terms of his own opinions, his likes, his hobbies, and his opinions, what can he place; What can be seen; what can be seen; what can be watched; what can be watched; what opponents can be observed as the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior intent, the insignificant." For what he can put here The opponent is the "Fool"?
"It is he who will bring dissent: the opponent is the fool's talker of the impure law": ""The opponent is the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior intent, the insignificant, the impure law Those who do not, those who do not purify the Dhamma, those who do not pervade the pure Dhamma, and those who do not purify the Dhamma.” Those who say so, those who talk so, those who talk so, those who explain this, those who talk so, will bring them by themselves; they will cause; Will be transported; will gather; will pull; will attract; will hold; will cling; will be persistent in quarreling, arguing, arguing, arguing, and disagreement." Because he himself will bring disagreement: opponents do not The fool's talker of pure law.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "But the one who claims to be strong in his own way, what opponent can he call the "Fool" here?
       is that he himself will bring dissent: the opponent is the fool's talker of the impure law. "
    129. After standing on judgment and measuring by himself, then he came to argue in the world,
       After abandoning all judgments, people will not engage in dissent in the world.
"After standing on the judgment, after measuring by oneself": "Judgment is called sixty-two evil views [judgment of the view], after standing on the judgment, after establishing, after taking up, and after grasping , After being attached, it is standing and standing in judgment. "After measuring by oneself", after measuring and measuring by oneself: "This master is all wise men." After measuring and measuring by oneself; this law is said to be good. ...This group is a person who walks in accordance with the good...This view is good...This path is good and peaceful..."This path is detached." After measuring by oneself, after measuring." To live on judgment. Immediately, after measuring by yourself.
"Later he came to argue in the world": "Later he was called the future. After setting up his own doctrine, he came, arrived, arrived, grasped, clinging, insisted on quarreling, arguing, arguing, Arguing, disagreement.” This is how he came to argue in the world. Or, "Afterwards quarreling, arguing, arguing, arguing, arguing with other doctrines: "You don't know the law, the law... (omitted) please dismantle it if you can."" Then he came to argue in the world.
"After abandoning all judgments": "Judgment is called sixty-two evil views [judgments of view], in the judgment of seeing, after abandoning all judgments, after giving up, after giving up forever, after giving up, after giving up , After expelling, after making the end, making it go after it does not exist." It is after all judgment has been abandoned.
"People in the world do not engage in disagreement": "Do not quarrel, do not argue, do not quarrel, do not argue, do not disagree. This was said by the Blessed One: "Aqiwisanna! Such a liberated monk does not agree with anything, do not argue. What, say what the world says without clinging. [MN.74]" "Humans" are sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals, lives, those who are born, those who have sentiments, those who have come to Indra, and Manu Living. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted)The world. "I don't hold onto others in the world.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After standing on the judgment and measuring by himself, then he came to argue in the world,
       After abandoning all judgments, people will not engage in dissent in the world. "
    The twelfth [Completed] of the instructions for configuring the small scriptures.

Summary:
  There is only one truth (single truth Ekaṃ saccaṃ), but each is intoxicated by the wrong view of their own inferences and argues for the truth, and then treats him with respect.
  12/12/2020 16:40
