15. Explanation of the Stick
 Second, the description of the Scripture of the Stick will say:
 170. the horror of the bang-takers: look at the heterous people,
 I will talk about the sense of urgency: I was stirred up.
 “The horror of the bats born”: ““Stick”, there are three kinds of sticks: body sticks, language sticks, meaning sticks. Three kinds of evil acts of body sticks, four words of evil act sticks, three kinds of malicious acts of sticks. There are two kinds of horror: the horror of life and the horror of the future. What is the horror of life? Here, a certain category of people practised in evil, evil in words, in bad faith, he killed, taken without giving, invading his family, looting, road robbery, kidnapping his wife, saying false, after he was captured And they went to the king: 'Your Majesty! This is a thief and a criminal, let you punish this sentence.” The king reprovoked him, and he gave birth to terror, and he suffered and worried. Where did this horror, bitterness, and worries be to him? From the stick picker is born, born, born, born, and appears.
 This situation is not satisfied by the King, who imprisoned him in handcuffs, or by rope, or by fetters, or by rattan, or by ginger, or by throwing, or by a fence, or by The village is bound, either by a town or by a city, or by a state, or by a local, or even declared: 'You shall not walk away from here. ' He also suffered and worried by the bondage. Where did this horror, bitterness and worries become him? From the stick picker is born, born, born, born, and appears.
 In this situation, the king is not satisfied, the king transports his property: hundreds or thousands, and he also suffered and worried by the loss of property. Where did this horror, bitterness and worries become his? From the stick picker is born, born, born, born, and appears.
 In this situation, the king is not satisfied, and the king has imposed all kinds of punishments on him: whipping, beating with sticks, with canes, cutting hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, nose and nose, punished with sour porridge pot, shellfish bald, Luo Hou, Fire, Candle Hand, Expulsion, Bark, Antelope, Hook Meat, Money, Alkali Bath Penalty, Reversing Door Latch, Straw Foot Penalty, Hot Oil, Dogs Bite, Live Order Puncture, To Sword He also suffered and worried with the torment of punishment. Where did this horror, bitterness, and worries become him? From the stick picker is born, born, born, born, and appears. The king is the master of these four kinds of rod punishment.
 With his own work and the disintegration of the body, he was born into bitterness, evil, lower and hell. The jailers gave him five kinds of bondage punishments: they made red hot iron rods through their palms, and they made red rods through. The second palms, they made red hot iron rods through the soles of their feet, and they made the red hot rod through the second foot, and they made the red hot iron rod through the chest in the middle. There he felt bitter, fierce [, fierce, MN.129], spicy feelings, and he was not dead until that evil was destroyed. Where did this horror, bitterness and worries become him? It is born, born, born, born, and appears from the bar that has been taken.
 The jailers made him lie down, and cut him with an axe. There he felt bitter, fierce and spicy feelings, and he was not dead until the evil evil was destroyed. The jailers grabbed him under their feet, and cut him with a small axe... The jailers yoke him on the car, and brought him back and forth on the burning and glorious ground... The glorious charcoal volcano climbs up and down... the jailers grabbed him under their feet, thrown into a burning, burning, reddish copper pot where he was boiled frothfully when he was When boiled frothfully, go up, go up at once, go up at a time, go up at a time, go horizontally. There he felt a bitter [, fierce], fierce, spicy feeling, and he was not dead until the wickedness was destroyed. Where did this horror, bitterness and worries become him? From the stick picker is born, born, born, born, and appears. The jailers threw him into the Great Hell, and the Great Hell
 “There are four doors in the four corners, which are divided into equal parts,
 The perimeter is iron wall, the top is covered by iron.
 And the earth is made of iron, burned to light by fire,
 All one hundred by the second, all over after everything survived.
 Sadly burned is terrible, there is a flame that is hard to get close
 And the appearance of a hairy erection is a terror of fear of bitterness.
 From the east wall, fire poly is waiting,
 Burning wickedness, in the west was reversedHit.
 And from the west wall, the fire gathered was waiting,
 Burning wickedness, in the east side was attacked back.
 And from the north wall, the fire gathered is waiting,
 Burning the wickedness, in the south, was counterattacked.
 And from the south wall, the fire was erected,
 Burning wickedness, in the north, was counterattacked.
 And from below, the fire of terror is gathered,
 Burning wickedness, on the roof is counterattack
 From the roof, the fire of terror,
 Burning wickedness, on the ground is counterattack.
 Blazing iron pot, red heat as burning,
 Such infinite hell, belongs below in the upper [all] seen.
 where the creations are violent, the authors of great crimes,
 They are the most wicked, and they are tortured and not dead.
 The body is equal to fire: to the one who dwells,
 Seeker of the solid industry, [charcoal fire] has no ash and no charcoal ash.
 They ran to the east, from there to the west,
 They ran to the north, from there to the south.
 And whosoever they ran out in the direction, the doors were closed,
 They have a desire to go out, and the beasts are the Seekers of Separation.
 They did not go out of thence, and they were given by their prominence.
 For those who wicked, much is not yet ripe for what has been done.
 Where did this horror, bitterness and worries become him? The born, born, born, born, and appeared from the man who took the stick. And all the bitterness of hell, the bitterness of the beasts, the bitterness of hungry ghosts, and the suffering of men, where are those born from, from where are they born, from where they are born, from where are they born, and from where? From the bat taker born, born, born, born, and appeared.” The horror that was born for the stick.
 “Please see the disobedious people”: “People” are Chateli, Brahmen, Bisha, the Sudala, in the family, out of the family, the heavens, the heavens, For quarrels, hostile people, people with opposition, strikes, people who are attacked, attacked, people attacked, people who were attacked, people who were attacked, please see, please. Seeing, and behold you, watch, and ask you to observe. To invite you to see the heterous people.
 “I will talk about the sense of urgency”: “The sense of urgency is horror, fear, terror, oppression, blow, evil, evil. “I will tell,” I will announce, I will say, I will explain, I will teach, I will tell, I will build, I will uncover, I will interpret, I will clarify, I will explain.” For me will tell the sense of urgency.
 “I was stirred by urgency”: “Follow myself, so that I was stirred up, thrilled, generated a sense of urgency.” To cause me to be stirred a sense of urgency.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “The horror of the bats, behold you the desperate,
 I will talk about the sense of urgency: it makes me be stirred up.”
 171. Seeing the throbbing people, such as fish in less water,
 Become hostile to each other, after seeing terror entered me.
 “After seeing the throbbing people”: “People” are synonyms for living beings. People throbbed with thirsty throbbing; throbbing with seeming throbbing; throbbing with polluted throbbing; throbbing with evil deeds; throbbing with effort; throbbing with fruit throbbing; to Greedy dyed and throbbed; throbbing with anger and throbbing; with the stupid idiot throbbing; to slow being bound and throbbing; to see that was carried out and throbbing; to disperse; to doubt Stopped and throbbed; throbbing with fear of potential trends; throbbing for profit; throbbing with no gain; throbbing with reputation; throbbing with no reputation; throbbing with praise; throbbing with praise; to Rebuke and throbbing; throbbing with joy; throbbing with bitterness; throbbing in life; throbbing by old; throbbing by illness; throbbing with death; throbbing with sorrow, sorrow, grief, despair; to fall the bitterness of hell Throbbing; throbbing with the bitterness of the beasts; throbbing with the bitterness of the evil world; with human suffering and throbbing; rooted in the incarnation of the bitterness... rooted in the bitterness of the fetus... ... the suffering of the living who is dependent... the suffering of the living by others... the sufferings of their own actions... with the suffering of others... with suffering... to suffer... to make it easy to suffer with eye disease. ... with ear diseases... to nasal disease... to tongue disease... to head disease... other than ear disease... to mouth disease... to tooth disease... to cough... to wheezing... other nasal disease... with fever...To old... to abdominal disease... in coma... following diarrhea... to cholera... leprosy... to tumor... to ringworm... to lung disease... to epilepsy... to ripsm... with scabies... To scratch (a sickness)... to crack the skin... with blood-bladder disease... with diabetes... with hemorrhoids... with rashes (boils blisters)... with hemorrhoids (boils blisters)... with hemorrhoid fistula... Diseases such as the wind... diseases of the [three] sets of diseases... diseases that change in time... illnesses born in uncorrected postures... with sudden strikes... resulting from the outcome of the industry The disease... to cold... to heat... with hunger... to thirst... with dung... to urine... to the bitter of contact with the wind of the fly mosquitoes... the bitterness of the dead father... the bitterness of the dead brother... The bitterness of the dead sister... the bitterness of the deceased daughter... the loss of his family... the loss of wealth... by the loss of disease... by the loss of sickness... by the erosion of the ring... Throbbing, throbbing completely, expanding throbbing, trembling, trembling (strong trembling), big trembling (powerful trembling). “After seeing”, after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, judging, after each, after figuring out. After seeing the throbbing people.
 “If fish are in less water”: “If fish are in less water, where the water is depleted, they are attacked, pulled up, eaten and throbbed [, strong throbbing], completely throbbing, expanding throbbing, trembling, trembling, trembling, trembling, Great trembling, like this, people throbb with thirsty throbbing... (medium) with the loss of sight and throbbing [, strong throbbing], total throbbing, expanding throbbing, trembling, trembling, trembling, big trembling.” For such as fish in less water.
 “Become hostile to each other”: “All living beings are hostile to each other, opposing, stripped, attacked, attacked, attacked, counterattacked: the theory of kings and kings, the Theory of Chardly and Chardilly. Brahmen and Brahmen Theory, Owners and Owners Theory, Mother and Son Theory, Son and Mother Theory, Father-Son Theory, Son and Father Theory, Brotherhood and Brotherhood Theory, Sisters and Sisters Theory with sisters, sisters and brothers, friends and friends. As they quarrel, argue, argue, argue, argue, attack each other with fists, blocks, sticks, swords, where they suffer death, or suffering like death. [MN.13]” To become hostile to each other
 “After seeing the horror entered me”: “After seeing, after seeing, after measuring, judging, after separation, after figuring out. Terror, oppression, blow, evil, evil entered.” After seeing the horror entered me.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “When they saw those who were throbbing, such as fish in little water,
 And they became hostile to each other, and after seeing terror entered me.”
 172. Everything in the world is unsolid, and all directions are completely shaken,
 I wanted my place, [but] I didn't see what was not occupied.
 “Everything is not solid in the world”: “The world, the world of hell, the worlds of the beasts, the worlds of evil worlds, the worlds of mankind, the world of heaven, the worlds of the worlds, the worlds of worlds, the worlds, The rest of the world, the world of the heaven, the world of heaven, this is called the world. The world of Hell is always solid, or the firm of joy, or my solid, or eternal, or eternal, or immutable, unsolid, unsolid, unsolid, and unsolid. The world of the animal world... the world of the evil world... the world of mankind... the world of heaven... the world of the world... the world of the world... in the world... the world... the rest of the world... the world of the world... the world of heaven. Worlds... The world of heaven is always solid solid, or Le solid solid, or my solid, or constant, or to the firm, or eternal, or with the immutable method as unsolid, no solid, away Solid.
 As the reed grass is not solid, no solid, away from solid, such as castor is not solid, no solid, away from the firm, such as the figs are not solid, no solid, from solid, such as white reed is not solid, no solid From the firm, such as the firm uncle Ga tree is not firm, no solid, and from the firm, such as the bubbles are not solid, no firm, from the firm, such as the blister is not solid, no solid, and from the firm, such as the flame of the sun Not solid, no solid, from the solid, such as the dried plantain is not solid, no solid, has been solid, as the illusion is not solid, no solid, has been solid. Similarly, the world of hell is always solid solid, or to Le solid solid, or my solid solid, or always, or to be solid, or eternal, or immutable as unsolid, unsolid, away from solid.
 The world of the animal world... the world of evil worlds... the world of mankind... the world of heaven is always solid, or the firm of joy, or my solid, or always solid, or eternal, or eternal , or to the immutable method is not solid, no solid, away from solid. The worlds of the world... the worlds of the world... in this world... other worlds... the worlds of the world of heaven is always solid, or the solid of joy, or my solid solid, or The one that is not firm, or in eternity, or in immutable law, is unsolid, unsolid, and unsolid.” Everything is not solid for the world.
 “All directions are completely shaken”: where the lines of the East, those are shaken, completely shaken, moved: stirred, accompanied by birth, followed by old, conquered by disease, tortured by death, in bitter There is no shelter, no shelter, no refuge, no return, no return. Where the direction of the west... (center) where the north direction of the rows... all the lines in the direction of the south... where the middle direction of the east... The rows of the direction... all the rows in the middle direction of the south... all the rows in the direction below... all the lines in the direction of the top... all the lines in the ten directions, those are also shaken, completely shaken, moved: by Constant stirring, accompanied by birth, followed by old, conquered by illness, tortured by death, in bitterness, no shelter, no refuge, no return, no return. Again, this is also said:
 “Even if your day the palace shines and shines north,
 After seeing the fault of color, it always trembles, so the good ones are not happy to color. [SN.6.6]”
 “The world is tortured by death, surrounded by the old,
 Punctured by the arrows of thirsty love, always sought smoked. [SN.1.66]”
 “All the world has burned, and all the world has come out of smoke,
 All worlds have been blazing, and all worlds have trembled. [SN.5.7]”
 For all directions are completely shaken.
 “I want my place of residence”: “My residence, shelter, shelter, shelter, return place, place of desire, recipient, seeker, enthusiasm, prayer.” To want my place of residence. “[But] I do not see what is not occupied”: only see those taken, not seen not taken: all young are occupied by old, all without disease is occupied by disease, all life is taken by death, all gains All fame is occupied without gain, all fame is occupied by no reputation, all praise is reputed for possession, all music is bitter.
 “Get not to get with the famous nameless, ruined and miserable,
 These laws are immutable, very constant and mutable among people. [AN.8.5]”
 For [but] I did not see that was not occupied (live).
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Everything in the world is not solid, and all directions are completely shaken,
 I wanted my place to live, [but] I didn't see what was not occupied.”
 173. but after the end of hostility there was my displeasure after seeing them,
 And here he saw the thorn arrow: the unseen, connected to the heart.
 “But at the end of the hostile”: “But at the end”, 'all young elders end, all without disease, all life and death ends it, and all the gains make it end. All fame has brought it to an end, all praise and reprimand bring it to an end, and all sorrow brings it to an end.” For yet at the end. “hostile”, want young beings to be opposed to old, want to be sick of all beings are opposed to disease, want life to be rejected by death, want to profit is not profit against, want to be fame Fame opposition, people who want to praise are repudiated against, want to be happy living by bitter opposition, being hit, attacked, attacked, attacked.” For yet at the end of the hostile.
 “After seeing my disjoy”: “After seeing, after seeing, after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, after judgment, after separation, after figuring out.” For seeing the post. “My disjoy,” whosoever does not rejoice, great or unrejoice, and all displeased, whosoever is a fear. For seeing there is my disjoy.
 “Here he saw the thorn arrow at that time”: “At that time, the continuation of the sentence... (middle) this is the second sentence, “then.” “Here,” on all beings. “Thorn”, there are seven kinds of thorn arrows: grabbing arrows, stabbing arrows,Thorn arrows, see thorn arrows, sorrow arrows, doubts “He saw,” he saw, saw, saw, and was able to reach. For that time here he saw the thorn arrows.
 “Unseen and connected to the heart”: “The unseen, the hard to see, the hard to see, the hard to see, unseen, unconsciously, uncomfortable, hard to reach.” It is hard to see. The heart is called the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the heart, the white (all over the net), meaning, intent, the root of the mind, the knowledge, the sense, the sense of consciousness, that corresponds to that community of consciousness. “The one that connects the heart, the one that connects the heart, the heart, the one who is connected with the heart, the joined, the connected, the same, the same fate, the same place, the same.” For those who are hard-to-see, connected to the heart.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “But in the end of the hostility, I have disjoy after seeing,
 And here he saw the thorn arrow: the unseen and connected to the heart.
 174. Whoever was shot by stabbed arrows, he ran around in all directions,
 But after the thorn arrow pulled out, he did not run without sinking.
 “Where the stabbed arrow shot, he ran around everywhere in all directions”: “thorn arrow”, there are seven kinds of thorn arrows: grabbing arrows, stinger arrows, stabbing arrows, sadness, doubtful thorns. What is a Thorn Arrow? It is greed, lust (total greed), with greed, comfortable, rejoice, greedy, greedy, greedy, greedy... (medium) greedy, greedy, bad root, this is the arrows of
 What is a Thorn Arrow? “He has done against me (without interest).” Hate was born; “He did against me.” Hate is born; “He will do against me.” Hate was born... (middle) brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure, this is a thorn arrow.
 What are stabbing arrows? Ignorance in bitterness... (medium) ignorance in the direction of bitterness signs, ignorance in the past, ignorance in the future, ignorance in the past and in the future, ignorance in the particular condition and origin of law, where Like this invisible, unrealistic, not casual, unconscionable, unreachable, not solid, not understanding, incorrectly see, unaware, incomprehensible, incomprehensible, ignorant, ignorance, obsession, obsession, obsession, unclear, unclear storm, unclear The yoke, the potential trend of unclear troubles, unclear, unclear fence, bad roots, this is stabbing arrows.
 What is Slow Thorn Arrow? : “I am the winner” slow, “I am the same” slow, “I am the inferior” slow, where the heart is slow, think, think, think of the situation, gong high, high slow, banner, high, the heart of the vanity, this is Slow Thorn Arrow
 What is Seen Thorn Arrow? There are twenty personal opinions, ten wickedness, ten sidelines, and ten sidelines, such as such see, evil opinion, jungle, desert, distorted, shaken, bound, seppling, acceptance, Hold, perform, clamp, upside down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside down (vipallāsa) ) The grip of the evil, the grip of the evil, “[see] as true in the untrue” clasp, all came to the point of 62 evil views, which is to see the thorn arrow.
 What is Sorrow Thorn Arrows? Touched by the loss of relatives, or loss of disease (unfortunate) contact, or loss of property, or loss of ring (loss) touch, or see loss (loss) touch, have (encounter) certain loss (unfortunate) ), contact with some bitterness people have sorrow, grief, state of sorrow, internal sorrow, internal sorrow, internal burning, burning, burning heart, sorrow, this is sorrow.
 What is a Doubt Thorn? Doubt in bitterness, doubt in bitterness, doubt in bitterness, in the direction of bitterness, doubt in the past, doubt in the future, doubt in the past and in the future, in the law of a particular conditional origin Where such doubts, doubts, doubts, doubts, confusion, hesitation, doubts, intersections (doubts), doubts, do not always hold, doubt, hesitation, not deep understanding, stiff state, heart confusion, this is doubtful Thorn Arrow.
 “Whosoever is shot by stabbed arrows, he runs around everywhere in all directions”: “By the grave arrows shot, penetrated, touched, tortured, combined, possesses to do evil deeds, in words, wicked by intent: killing, not Giving and taking, invading people, looting looting, road robbery, abduction wife, said false, like this by the grave arrows shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, run around, run around, walk around 、Constantly winding。 Or, it is shot into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possesses, is now cold by the cold, summer, hunger, thirst become bad, by fly, mosquitoes, wind, day, snake contact tormented, to hungry and frequent death, go to the low rolling glass; went to Tao Chu; went to Tao Gesil; went to the black face; went to the city; went to Wei Sun; Walked to the Wei spicy pottery; went to wow; went to the big; went to Bangladesh; went to deaf bondage; went to golden dome; went to golden land; went to copper; went to Suan Dagu; went to Baruga drink; went to Sultau; went to the shift Roger; went to the shift; went to the first shift that [; went to the salad, Ni.7,55]; went to na; went to the first one; went to Venagot; went to the mura pottery, went to the desert Difficult to risk; walk to the knee to walk through the road; to the goat's road; to the way to the sheep; to the way to walk through the pillar; to the road to the holding umbrella landing to pass; to cut bamboo To pass the road; to the bird road; to the rat road; to the crack road; to the rattan road, when he did not get, rooted in no feelings of distress; when he sought, from the guardian feeling distress: “Whether my belongings will not take away, the thieves will not take away, fire will not burn, water will not flow away, nor will the cute heirs take away.” When he guarded and protected, his belongings were destroyed, he was rooted in the distress of separation, when he so guarded and protected, his belongings were destroyed, he was rooted in separation feelings of distress. Like this is also shot into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, with running, running around, walking around, constantly winding around.
 Stabbed arrow... (middle) was stabbed arrows... by slow stabbing arrows into, shooting, touching, torturing, combined, having to do evil, in words, to act evil, to act evil: kill, not given to take, invasion People, robbery, road robbery, abduction wife, said false, like this is doubted stabbing arrows into, firing, touching, torturing, combining, having run, running around, walking around everywhere, constantly winding .
 Stabbed arrows into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, with and become naked walker, out of the positive walker, licking hands, invited not to stand, not by the use of, special, entertained [ Food, he does not eat from the mouth of the bottle, does not eat from the mouth, does not [from] the middle of the threshold, the middle of the stick, the pestle middle, the two people eating, pregnant women, lactating women, and men [fetch food], do not pick up Collection of food, there are dogs in front of, flies cluster [eat], do not [eat] fish, meat, do not drink cereal wine, fruit wine, [fermented] sour porridge, he [bowl] a family [eat] one bite, two two... Seven seven, he [a day] with a small dish [food] to survive, two small sauces to survive... (medium) seven small sauces to live, eat one meal a day, two days... (medium) seven days eat a meal, like this, half Month [Eat a meal], he lives in practice dedicated to eating food regularly [DN.8, § 394]. Like this was seen into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, run around, run around, walk around, keep winding around.
 Or, he is seen to be shot into, penetrated, touched, tortured, bound, possesses, he becomes a lettuce eater, or a tareate, or a eater of raw rice, or a large rice eater, or a person who eats rice bran, or food. A juicer, or a spomer, or a herbivorist, or a cattle dung, who sustains the roots and fruits of the forest, and the fruit of the forest. He wears linen, hemp blend fabric, shroud, manure sweater, low-force knife tree [bark], antelope skin, sheepskin, thatched coat, bark coat, wood coat, hair weave [, beast fur coat], owl feathers He is a strand, who lives dedicated to the practice of hair pulling, often standing, refusing seats, squatters, diligent practitioners, lying thorns, he sleeps thorns sleeping mats, board beds, hard ground, he is People living in the open land, everywhere, he is eating spoiled food, committed to eating spoiled food practitioners, he is not drinkers, do not drink drink practitioner, he lives dedicated to the water bath three times before dusk Like this, live in many such forms of practice of bitterness and torture on the body. Like this is also seen piercing arrows into, firing, touching, torturing, binding, running, running around, walking around, constantly winding around.
 Thorn arrows into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed and sad, tired, weeping, crying, came to confusion. This is said by Worldman [MN.87]:
 “Brahmen! Once upon the time, in the Acropolis, the mother of a woman died, and when she died, she went crazy, lost, from the street to the street; walked from the intersection to the crossroads, and thisSay, Have you seen my mother? Have you seen my mother?”
 Brahmen! Previously, in the Acropolis, the father of a woman died,... the brother died,... the sister died,... the son died,... Her husband died, and when he died, she went mad, lost, from the street to the street; walked from the intersection to the crossroads, and said, “Do you see my husband? Have you seen my husband?”
 Brahmen! Once upon the time, in the Acropolis, the mother of a man died, and when she died, he went mad, lost, from the street to the street; he walked from the intersection to the crossroads, and said, “Did you see? My mother? Have you seen my mother?”
 Brahmen! In the past, in the Acropolis, a man's father died,... the brother died,... the sister died,... the son died,... the daughter died,... The wife died, and when she died, he went mad, lost, from the street to the street; walked from the intersection to the crossroads, and said, “Do you see my wife? Have you seen my wife?”
 Brahmen! Once, in the Acropolis, a woman went [to] the home of a relative who took her husband down and wanted to give her to others she didn't want. At that time, the woman said to her husband, “Master! [My] relatives are going to take you [and want to give me to others I don't want], and the two of us will die.” At that time, the man cut the woman in half and committed suicide [, thought]: “When we die, we will [still] be a pair.” Like this sorrow arrows into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, with running, running around, walking around, constantly winding around.
 Suspected arrows into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, have and become leapfrog (Sri Lanka version) skeptical, leapfrog into doubters, born doubts: 'My past death exists? Does my death not exist? What is my death? What is the situation of my death? What was my death and [later] became? Do I exist in the future? Do I not exist in the future? What is my future world? What about my future life? What is my future world, and what will [later] become?” Or, he now has doubts about the present world: 'Do I exist? Do I not exist? What am I? What is my situation? Where did this life come from, and where will it go? [SN.12.20] 'Doubbed arrows like this are shot into, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, run, run around, walk around, and keep moving around.
 He made these thorns, and when he made them, ran east, run the west, north, south, because of the stabbing arrows. Those thorns are not cut off, to those stabbed arrows are not cut off state run to fun: run to hell, run to the animal world, run to the hungry ghost world, run to the world of heaven, from fun to Interesting, from regeneration to regeneration, from birth to life, from there to there, from reincarnation to rotation, from rotation to rotation running, running around, walking around, constantly moving around.” For whoever was shot by stabbed arrows, he ran around in all directions.
 “But the thorn arrow pulled out, he does not run without sinking”: “But the thorn arrow, stabbed arrow, stabbing arrow, slow thorn arrow, see the thorn arrow, sorrow, doubtful thorn arrow pull out, after pulling out, after pulling out, after pulling out, After removal, after completely removed, after disconnection, after deportation, after the end, so that he did not exist, he ran neither the east nor the West, nor the north, nor the south. Those stabbing arrows have been cut off, to those stabbed arrows have been cut off state do not run to fun: do not run to hell, do not run to the animal world, do not run to the world of hungry ghosts, do not run to the world of mankind, do not run to heaven The world, not from the fun to the fun, from regeneration to regeneration, not from birth to life, not to there, not from rotation to rotation, not from rotation to rotation run, run around, walk around, keep winding . ' For but the thorn arrow pulled out, he did not run. “Not sunk”, not sinking rim, not sinking no rim, not sinking rim, not sinking in the unclear rim, not sinking, not sinking, not completely sinking, not sinking down, not going down, do not go 、Do not go down。” But after the thorn arrow pulled out, he does not run without sinking.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Whosoever is shot by a stabbed arrow, he runs everywhere in all directions,
 But that thorn arrow pulled outAfter he does not run without sunk.
 175. There is learning to be singing: whosoever is bound in the world,
 On those that should not be keen, after piercing everything desires, should learn for their own Nibbana.
 “Where to Be Singed: Where to Be Bound in the World”: “Learn, Elephant Science, Equine, Carriage, Bow, Ophthalmology, Surgery, Body Therapy, Exorcism, Child Medicine (Thailand Version). “Be sang” is chanted, channed, talked, spoken, spoken, spoken, spoken, spoken, spoken. Or, being chanted, learnt, memorized, understood, identified, bound to obtain. “Bondage” is called five kinds of desires: there is a sound that can be known by the eye, cute, desirable, cute, cute, greedy color, the sound that can be known by the ear... the smell that can be known by the nose ... can be the taste of tongue knowledge... can be touched by body knowledge, desirable, cute, desirable, cute, with desire, greedy. What reason is bound to be called five desires? Most days, people want, accept, seek, desire, and pray on five kinds of desires, are bound by that reason is called the cause of five desires. “In the world,” in the world of mankind. To learn there to be singing: whosoever is bound in the world.
 “Should not be keen on those”: “In those, or in those learning, or in five desires, should not be passionate about that, should not be the object of that, to be a person who does not work towards that, does not incline to that, do not incline to that The one who triumphs, does not increase to it.” For those on which should not be keen.
 “After piercing all desires”: “After piercing” is through: “All lines are impermanent” after the passage, “all law is bitter” through... (medium) “Any collection is extinction method” through. “Everything”, all completely, in every aspect, completely, without any residue, the whole land, this is the word of “everything.” “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (middle) these are called the wills of pollution.” For piercing everything after desire.
 “Should learn for their own Nibbana”: “Learning”, there are three kinds of studies: add abduction, add heart, add Hui learning... (middle) This is the addition of Wisdom. “For their Nibbana”, in order to make their greedy extinguish; in order to make their own extinguish; in order to make their own idiot extinguish... (medium) for all bad to create calm, stop, calm down, cool, Deadline, stop interest, should learn to increase school, should also learn to add heart learning, should also learn to add Hui learning. These three studies should be learned when toward (noted); when you know it should be learned... (medium) should be learned when testifying, should be practiced, should be good practice, and should turn after being held.” For what should be for their own Nibbana study.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “There learn to be singing: whosoever is bound in the world,
 On those that should not be keen, after piercing everything, should learn for their Nibbana.”
 176. It shall be the true, the unarrogant, not deceiving, the disgusting of the word,
 Without anger, Muni can be more greedy and stingy.
 “Should be the real, not arrogant”: “'Should be the real, 'and 'should have true words, should have a positive view, there should be eight sacred paths.' For the real ones that should be. There are three types of arrogance: the pride of the body, the arrogance of words, the arrogance of the heart... (medium) this is the arrogance of the heart. Whosoever for him is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the unarrogant. For those who should be real, not arrogant.
 “Those who do not deceive, dismiss the words”: “Deception is called deception, here, after certain acts of physical evil; after doing evil in words; after doing evil in bad faith, its collection thus erecting evil desires, he Desire: 'May he not know me! ' Intent: 'May he not know me! ' Saying, 'May he not know me! ' The Word [AN.6.45]; working in the body: 'May he not know me! ' Where such deception, deception, transborder (violation), deception, concealment, concealment, concealment, secrecy, concealment, concealment, concealment (all over the secret), concealment, concealment, concealment, concealment, unclear behavior, Covering the acts of evil, which is called deception. Whoever for him has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the undeceived. “Discrepute”, “Offerance” Here, a certain category of people is a divagogue.... (Slightly) This is the divulgist of the desire to divide. Whosoever for him is cut off, cut off, calmed, halted, incapable of being born, burned by the wisdom fire, he is called a deserted language, away from the word, and the isolator.” For those who do not deceive, dismiss the words.
 “For those who do not anger, Muni can be more greedy and stingy”: it is called “no anger”, but only those who anger can be said. Anger in ten lines: “He has done against me. [AN.9.29]” Anger is born... (medium) Whoever for him is cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called no anger. Those who take the state of anger has been disconnected as not angry; the state of knowledge of anger is not angry; and the state of disconnection of the cause of anger is not angry. “Greed”, that is, the state of greed, greedy... (medium) greed, bad root. Saving stingy is called five kinds of stingy: [right] of living... (medium), [this] is called the stingy. “Muni”, Mune is known as Wisdom... (in the middle) beyond the dyed net after he is Muni. “For those who do not anger, Muni can be more greedy and stingy”: “Muni passes, transcends, passes through, overcoming greed and stingy.” For those who are not angry, Muni can be more greedy and stingy.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “To be the true, the unarrogant, not deceiving, and the one who dismisses the words,
 “No angry, Muni can be more greedy and stingy.”
 177. should conquer sleep, laziness, shy, should not live with relaxation,
 Should not live very slowly: people who are interested in Nibbana.
 “Should conquer sleep, laziness,”: “sleep”, that is the body's overwhelming, unsuitable for job state, covering, covering, inner retardation, sleep (drowsiness), dreaming dozing, sleeping, sleeping, sleeping The status of. “Lazy (Burnout)”, which is the lazy for the purpose of laziness, the heart is lazy [defeated]; laziness, laziness for the purpose of laziness. “Shen”, that is the unbearable heart, not suitable for the work state, dyed, retreat, dull, depressed, retreat state, dull, dizziness, fainty state. “Should conquer sleep, laziness, shy”: “Sleep and laziness as well as he should conquer, should win, should be conquered, should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should end, should be crushed.” As should conquer sleep, lazy, and shy.
 “Should not live with relaxation”: Relax is not born on evil, or in the words of evil, or in the wicked deeds, or in the five kinds of desires that can be turned, the abandonment of the heart, or the practice of the good law Respect to the state of work, the state of inactivity, the state of no non-stop work, the state of being adhered to habit, the state of negligence, negligent in the state of responsibility, no practice, no practice, no practice, no practice, not established, no Practice, relaxation. Where such a state of relaxation, permisence, and permisence, this is called relaxation. “Should not live with relaxation”: “Should not live with ease, live together, live, stay (all over), relax he should be disconnected, should be discarded, should be terminated, should make it non-existent. He should have been separated from Ease, Abused, Quashed, Exited, Away, Untied, Unbound, and He shall dwell with a restrained heart.” As should not live with relaxation.
 “Should not live very slowly”: “Extremely slow,” here, a certain category of people either by birth, or by surname... (middle) or disdain others with something. Whoever such heart is slow, think, think, think of the situation, gong high, high slow, banner, high rise, heart vanity, this is called extremely slow. It should not be very slow to live and live together, he should be cut off, should be discarded, should end, should make it non-existent. He should have been separated from extremely slow, quanned, quashed, departed, left, freed, unbound, and he should live with a restrained heart.” For should not live with extremely slow.
 “Nibbana of the heart”: “Here, a certain category of people are bauxers, holders, karmers of bousas, serving drinking things, washing water, cleaning monks, saluting the temple, hanging in the temple The fragrant, who is right around the temple, works as the author of any good of the three worlds, [but] not because of interest, not because of the past, not because of birth, not because of being, not because of rotation, not because of rotation, he does all this. [To] off bound interest、Low slope toward Nibbana、Tilt to Nibbana、Slope to Nibbana。” This is the intentional Nibbana person. Or, “After the heart is disconnected from all circles, the heart is gathered in the world of undead: this is silence, it is wonderful, that is: the end of all lines, everything is brokenMiss, thirsty love is extinct, away from greed, extinguished, This is also the intentional Nibbana person.
 “The wise men do not give unto them besch for the sake of regeneration, because of their joy;
 And they would rather give them to the order of the rest, and not to regenerate.
 Wise men do not practice the Zen because of the joy, in order to regenerate,
 They prefer to practise Zen in order to follow, and not to regenerate.
 They wanted (Sri Lanka Version) to extinguish and give their hearts inclined to that, to win.
 As the river enters the ocean, they practiced Nibbana on the other side.”
 For people with intentions Nibbana.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “You should conquer sleep, laziness, and shy, and should not live with relaxation,
 Should not live very slowly: those who are interested in Nibbana.”
 178. In false words should not be taken away, in color should not create love,
 It should be slow, should be wanton.
 “Should not be taken away in false words”: false words are called false words, where a certain class of people come to the synagogue, or to a rally, to a family, or in a group, or in the palace, is brought to question as a witness: 『Hello! Come! Man! Say what you know.” And he did not know, “I know.” Or he knows, “I don't know.” And he did not see and said, I saw it. Or he saw it, saying, I have not seen it. As such, he has deliberately falsehoods for his own cause, or for others, or because of a few temptations [AN.3.28], which is called false. Or, in three row phases... (slightly) in four lines... in five lines... six lines... seven lines... eight lines... eight lines... (omitted) with these eight lines. “Should not be taken away in false words”: “In false words should not be carried away, should not be taken away, should not be carried away, should not be transported. False words should be discarded, should be discarded, should be put to an end, and should be made to non-existent. He shall have been separated from false words, forbent, quanned, departed, departed, freed, bondage, and he shall dwell with a restrained heart.” For in false words should not be taken away.
 “In color should not create love”: “color” is the four and four big colors. “In color should not create love”: “In color should not produce love, should not produce will, should not produce love, should not create greed, should not produce, should not produce, should not make it born, It should not be born.” For the color should not create love.
 “Should be aware of slow”: one for slow: that is the heart's slow, two for slow: self-praise is slow, others's contempt is slow, three for slow: “I am the winner” for slow, “I am the same” for Slow, “I am the inferior” is slow, with four kinds of slow: to get to make it slow, with reputation to make it slow, to praise to make it slow, to make it slow, to five as slow: “I do get the consensual Color. Make it slow, “I do get the sound that's going to be.” ... (medium) smell... taste... touch, with six kinds of slow: with eyes to make it slow, with ears enough... with the nose... with the tongue... with enough... with the intention to make Slow, to seven kinds of slow: slow, very slow, slow and extremely slow, low, increase slowly, I am slow, evil slow, to eight as slow: to get to make it slow, to not get to make it low, to make it with reputation Slow, with no reputation to make it low, to praise to make it slow, to rebuke to make it slow, to make it slow, to bitter to make it low, to nine as slow: the winner thought: “I am the winner “I am the same” for slow, winner thought: “I am the same” for slow、Winner thought: “I am the inferior” for slow、Equivalent minds: “I am the winner” for slow, equal thought: “I am the equivalent” for slow 、Equivalent thought: “I am the poor” for the slow, inferior thought: “I am the winner” for the slow, inferior thought: “I am the same” for the slow, inferior thought: “I am the inferior” for the slow, ten For Slow: Here, certain by birth, or by surname... (medium) or by something to make it slow, where such heart is slow, think, think, think of the situation, gongao, high slow, banner, high, the heart of the vanity, this Called slow.
 “Should be known slowly”: “There should be three kinds of known slow: known, measured, disconnected. What is known? Knowing Slow: It's Slow in One: That's Heart Slow, It's Slow in Two: Self-Praise is Slow, Others Slow... (Medium) This isSlow in ten: here, some by birth, or by surname... (medium) or something makes it slow.” He knew, and he saw it, and it was known.
 What is Measurement Known? After doing so known, slow He made it measured as unconstant, bitter, sick... (medium) He made it a measure away, and this is a measure of all known.
 What is disconnection? “When measured in this way, he is cut off, departs, and ends, and makes it non-existent.” This is cut off all over. “Slow should be known”: “These three kinds of knowledge should be slow.” It should be slow.
 “Should be wantless”: “What is arbitrary behavior? Infested with the act of greedy has wanton behavior, the wrath with the act of wanton, the idiot has wanton behavior, the act of the idiot has wanton behavior, the bondage with slow behavior has wanton behavior, the executor saw The behavior has wanton behavior, the behavior that came to the scattered person has arbitrary behavior, the behavior of the person who did not come to the conclusion to question has arbitrary behavior, and came to the fortitude to annoy the behavior of the potential trend to have wanton behavior, This is arbitrary behavior. “We should do arbitrary withdrawal”: “It should have been separated from wanton acts, quashed, quashed, removed, departed, freed, separated from bondage, he should live from the restrained heart, should be practiced, Should be done, should act, should turn, should be guarded, should be made to survive, should make survival.” It should be wanton.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “In false words should not be taken away, and love should not be created in color,
 It should be slow, should be wanton.”
 179. should not rejoice the previous, should not create likes in new ones,
 It should not be grieved because of the disappearing, and should not be a stopper of the seducer.
 “Should not rejoice the previous”: “The previous is called the past color, subject, want, line, know. In the past practice should not be rejoiced by thirst, see, welcome, hold (take), rejoice, welcome, hold, obsession, act, persist, he should cut off, should dispel, should end, should make it Go to nonexistent.” As should not rejoice the previous ones.
 “Should not produce likes on new”: “New is called the color of the present, subject, want, line, know. In the current practice should not be due to thirst for love, see and produce love, produce love, generate greed, he should not produce, should not make it born, should not make it come to life.” As should not produce likes on new ones.
 “Should not be grieved by disappearing”: “In disappearing, lost, declining, dissipating, leaving, reducing, extinction, he should not grieve, should not be tired, should not take, should not be sad, should not be saddened, should not be chasped Cry、Should not come confused: in the eyes disappear, lost, decay, dissipated, departed, reduced, extinguished, in the ear... (slightly) in the nose... in the tongue... in the body... in the color... in the sound... in the smell... ... in the taste... at the touch... at home... in groups (crowds)... in the residence... in the profit... in reputation... in praise... in the music... in the clothes... in the feeding... in the shelter... in the patient's needs When things and medical necessities disappear, lost, decay, dissipated, departed, reduced, destroyed, he should not grieve, should not be tired, should not take, should not be sad, should not cry, should not come confused.” It should not be grieved because of the disappearing.
 “Should not be the tracker”: the seducer is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. For what reason the Hooker is called thirsty love? Where to thirst to love him traction, fully traction, hold, take, hold, hold, persuade, by... (medium) want... line... know... fun... incarnation... born... there (exist)... rotation of his traction, Totally towing, holding, taking, persisting, seducers for this reason are called thirsty love. “Should not be the stopper of the hooker”: “Should not be a stop of thirst for love, he should be cut off, should be discarded, should end, should make it to absent. He shall have been separated from his thirst, forbent, quanned, departed, departed, freed, bound, and bound, and he shall dwell with a restrained heart.” For the tracker that should not be a hooker.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Should not rejoice the previous, should not produce likes on new ones,
 It should not be grieved because of the disappearing, and should not be a stopper of the seducer.”
 180. I say that greed is a “big storm,” I say that enthusiasm is running.
 The fate of the definition (Thailand Version), the mud of desire is difficult to cross.
 “I say that greed is“Big storm”: “Greed is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad root. The storm is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. “I say that greed is the “big storm”: I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I unveil, I interpret, I clarify, I say that greed is “big storm.” For me, greed is a “big storm.”
 “I say enthusiasm is running”: enthusiasm is called thirsty love, it is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. Ren flow is also known as thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. “I say that enthusiasm is rush”: I said, I explain... (middle) I clarify, I say that the enthusiasm is 'running flow'.” For me, the enthusiasm is running.
 “The Predisposition (Thailand Version)”: “The fate is also known as thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. The definition is also called thirsty love, it is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots.” To be established (Thailand Version).
 “The mud of desire is difficult to cross”: “The mud of desire, the quagmire of desire, the pollution of desire, the mud of desire, the obstacle of desire is difficult to pass, difficult to overcome, difficult to pass, difficult to pass, difficult to overcome, difficult to pass.” For the mud of desire is difficult to pass.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “I said that greed was a “big storm,” I said that enthusiasm was running.
 The fate of the definition (Thailand Version), the mud of desire is difficult to cross.”
 181. Munie does not deviate from the truth, Brahmen stands in the
 After he misses everything, he is indeed called the Silent.
 “Muni does not deviate from the truth”: “those who do not deviate from true words; those who do not deviate from the eight righteous ways. “Muni”, Munna is known as Wisdom... He is Mune after he is beyond the dyed net.” For Muni does not deviate from true
 “Brahmen stands in the highland”: the highland is called the undead, Nibbana, that is the end of all lines, all according to the conviction, thirst for the extinction of love, from greed, extinction “Brahmen”, the excluded state of the seven laws of Brahmen... (middle) does not stop, like this can be called he is Brahmen. “Brahmen stands in the highlands”: “He stands in the highlands, stands on the island, stands in a shelter, stands in a refuge, stands in a place of return, standing without fear, standing without death, standing without death, standing at Nibbana.” For Brahmen standing in the highlands.
 “After he dismissed everything”: “Everything is called twelve: eyes and colors... (medium) meaning and law. Because the desire and greed in itself and outside have been cut off, and the root has been cut off, like a palm tree without roots, become a non-existence for the future, this condition is that everything is abandoned, spit out, released, and cut off, Conception. Because of thirst love and seeing and slowly being cut off, the root has been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, this is also the situation is that everything is abandoned, spit out, released, disconnected, Conception. Due to the fact that the blessing and non-blessing and inaction have been cut off, the root has been cut, like a palm tree without roots, become non-existing, for the future life, this situation is all abandoned, spit out, released, dismissed, dismissed .” After everything for him.
 “He is indeed called the Silent”: “He is called, said, talked, spoken, spoken, described, said, said to be “The Silent, the Stopper, the Silent, the Destinant, the Calm Down, the Stopper.” For him is indeed called the Silent.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Muni does not deviate from the truth, Brahmen stands in the high
 He is indeed called the Silent after he misses everything.”
 182. He is indeed a wise man, he is a man who knows the vedas, and becomes a man who knows the law,
 He is the right doer in the world, and here he does not want anything.
 “Indeed he is a wise man, and he is a man who knows the vedas”: “The wise man is the wise, the man who has arrived, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise. “Knowing Vedas”, Vedas are known as the wisdom in four ways... (medium) away from greed in all feelings, beyond all the veda he is the knowledge of the Vedas.” For him is indeed a wise man, and he is a vedic of knowledge.
 “After knowing the law becomes unstoppable”: “After knowing”, after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judgment, after each, after finding out: “Everything is constant” after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging After, after, respectively, after figuring out; “Everything is bitter”... “All laws are without me”... () “Any set law is extinguished” after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after respectively, get Clear post. There are two kinds of stops: thirst and love.See the stop... (middle) This is the stop of thirsty love... (medium) This is the stop of seeing. After relying on thirst for love; after the disbelief is the eye of the eye; the ear does not stop the person who does not stop the nose... (middle) seen, heard, felt, can be knowledge of the unstoppable, non-stick The author, the person who does not fall into, the unstuck, the person who does not turn his heart toward (victory) He has departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound, and he dwelt away from the restrained heart. To become unstopper after knowing the law.
 “He is the right doer in the world”: “Because desire and greed in himself and outside have been cut off, the root has been cut off, like a rootless palm tree, become inhabited for the future, this situation is He rightly acts, dwelts, moves, turns, guardians, survives, and makes survival in the world. ... (Medium) Because of the Fu Xing and non-blessing and inaction are cut off, the root has been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, this situation is also his right in the world to live, Action, turn, guard, make survival, make survival.” For him is the right doer in the world
 “Here he does not want anything”: “Enthusiasm is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. Whosoever for him this desire and thirst has been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, and cannot be born, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he has no desire for anything: the Catelite, or the Brahmen, or the Bisher, or Of the most dala, or in his family, or out of his family, or of heaven, or of men. For here he does not want anything.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Indeed, he is a wise man; he is a man of knowledge of the vedas, and knows that after the law becomes a man
 He is the right doer in the world, and here he does not want anything.”
 183. Whosoever passes here over desire, and is dyed: that is difficult to pass in the world,
 He shall not grieve or miss: those who have cut off the flow, the unbound.
 “Whosoever crosses here, and is dyed, that is hard to pass through in the world”: “Whosoever is like, as an effort, such as arrangement, such as the kind, where he has reached, and whosoever has the law Chardalie, or Brahmen, or Bisha Serb, or the Sudala, or those at home, or out of the house, or days, or people. “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (middle) these are called the wills of pollution. “Dyed”, there are seven kinds of dyes: greedy dyed, dyed of skepness, slow-dyed, stained in sight, polluted stained, dyed of evil deeds. “In the world”: in the worlds of bitterness, in the world of mankind, in the world of heaven, the worlds of the world, the world of the world, in the world “The dye that is hard to pass in the world”, whosoever desires and dyes: the unsurpassed, difficult to pass, difficult to pass, difficult to pass, overpass, pass, pass, pass through, overcome. ” For whosoever is here that transcends desire, and is hard to pass in the world.
 “He does not grieve or miss”: “He does not grieve things that have become easy, or not grieve in the things that have become easy: “My eyes have become easy.” He is not sad; “My ears... my nose... my tongue... my body... my color... my voice... my smell... my taste... my touch... my home... my group. My residence... my gain... my reputation... my praise... my music... my clothes... my feeding... my shelter... my patient's needs and medical necessities... My mother... my father... my brother... my sisters... my son... my daughter... my friends... my colleagues... my relatives... my blood has become easy.” He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, does not cry, and does not come to confusion. For him not to grieve. “Do not miss”, “do not worry, do not miss, do not consider, not quiet, do not think deeply. Or, not to be born, not aging, not dead, not dead, no regeneration.” For not to miss.” For him not to grieve not to miss.
 “The flow has been cut off, unbound”: “flow is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. Whosoever flows to him, his thirst is cut off, and is cut off... (medium) is burned by wisdom fire, he is called the one who has cut off the flow. “Unbound”, greedy bondage, bondage, devil bondage, slow bondage, see the bondage, the bondage of pollution, the bondage of evil deeds, where for him these bondages are cut off, cut off... Fire Burner, he is called Unbound.” For those who have cut off the flow, the unbound.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Where inHere pass over desire and dye: those who are hard to pass through in the world
 He shall not grieve or miss: the drift has been cut off, the unbound.”
 184. whosoever bears it wilt, and whatever is after, do not have,
 If you do not hold in the middle, you will live a life of silence.
 “Whosoever is before it wilt”: “As to the pollutions that were able to give birth to pollution in the past, wither it, wither it, wither it, make it wither, make it wither, and make it wither, and make it dry, and do not make seeds. Leave thee away, depart thee, and end, and make it come to nonexistent.” So whosoever bears it before thee to wither. Or, “Whosoever the work of the past makes unripe fruit, make it wither, wither it, wither it, make it wither, make it wither, make it wither, make it wither, enlarge it, do not make seeds, take off, and drive thee. And leave thee to end, and make it to not exist.” So that whosoever was before, please make it wither.
 “Anything after you do not have”: “After that is called the future. With regard to the future of all the people who can give birth to any greedy, any slower, any slow, any see, any pollution, any evil deeds, any of these for you do not have, do not manufacture, do not produce, do not produce, do not produce, do not produce, Do not give birth, and do not give birth, take off, depart thee, let thee end, and make it come to not exist. For any afterwards please do not have.
 “If in the middle you will not hold”: “In the middle is called now color, subject, want, line, know. About now, you will not hold, grasp, hold [, thirst love], take, hold [, thirst love], [joy,] big joy, welcome, hold, obsession, take, hold, hold, hold, hold you off, will depart away , will end, will make it non-existent.” For if in the middle you won't hold.
 “You will live a life of silence”: “the state of the greedy has silence, the state of silence, the state of silence, the state of silence, the state of silence, the state of silence... (middle) all mismade silence State, Silent State, Silent State, Silent State, Extinguished State [, No Burning State], Cooled, Departed State, Stopped State Silent, Silent, Silent, The cooled, the stop, you live, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, and make survival.” For you will live a life of silence.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Whosoever is before it wilt, and do not have any afterwards,
 If you do not hold in the middle, you will live a life of silence.”
 185. In all its name, he is not regarded as his own,
 And he does not grieve that does not exist; indeed he does not lose in the world.
 “In all its fame is not regarded as his own”: “everything”, “all completely, in every aspect, without any surplus, the whole land, this is the word of all.” for “everything”. “Name”, four colorless. “Color”, four and four big color. “Whosoever is to him” to Arrohan; for those who have troubled. “Being treated as myself”, there are two kinds of things I do: [for] the thirst I do with the [cause] see me... This is what I do with the thirst of love... This is what I do to see. “There is no name to him as his own”: In all the names of him I do not exist, do not exist, not known, not found, disconnected, cut off, Calm down, stopped, not born, burned by wisdom fire.” In all its fame, for him is not regarded as his own.
 “And he does not grieve that does not exist”: “He does not grieve things that have become easy, or not grieve in things that become easy: 'My eyes have become easy. ' He is not sad; my ears... my nose... my tongue... my body... my color... my voice... my smell... my taste... my touch... my home... my group (all)... My dwelling... my gain... (medium) 'My blood has become easy. ' He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, does not cry, and does not come to confusion.” This is and does not grieve does not exist.
 Or, “being untrue afflicted, tortured, combined, possessed he is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not crying, not coming to confusion.” This is also and does not grieve does not exist. Or, “by eye contact, tortured... (medium) was contact with flies, mosquitoes, wind, day, snake contact, tortured, combined, possessed he is not sad, not tired, not sad, not weep, not crying, do not come to confusion. ” This is also and does not grieve does not exist. Or,”In the non-existent, unseen, undiscovered [thought]: 'Ah! My one is really gone, and if there is one of mine, I really don't get that.” He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, does not cry, and does not come to confusion.” This is also and does not grieve does not exist.
 “Indeed, he does not lose in the world”: whoever is to him of any color, subject to anything, wants, works, or knowledge, “This is mine, or this is of others.” For those who are held, taken, taken, taken, tracked, and believed, there is a loss for him.
 This is also said: [Jat.5.1,1-3]
 “When the carriage, jewels and earrings are lost, and when the son and wife are lost there,
 When all wealth is not used, why do you not grieve when you grieve?
 Just those who had forsaken their possessions before, and those who died afterwards forsaken them,
 The wealth of those who desire is very constant, so I do not grieve when I grieve.
 The moon increases, fills, disappears, the sun moves into extinction (Thailand Version),
 I know the law of the enemy, so I do not grieve when I grieve.”
 Whosoever is to him of any color, subject to, want, do, or know, “This is mine, or this is another.” For those who are held, taken, taken, taken, and believed in none, have not lost to him. This is also said [SN.2.18]: “Salmon! Do you rejoice?” “Friends! What did you get?” “Then, Salmon! Do you grieve?” “Friends! What was lost?” “Then, Salmon! Do you not rejoice nor grieve? “Yes, friend!”
 “After a long time, finally, I saw the Nibbana Brahmen,
 No joy, no disturbance of the Bichu, Du off the world's obsession.”
 For him indeed in the world does not lose.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “In all its fame, for him is not regarded as his own,
 And he who does not grieve that does not exist, indeed he does not lose in the world.”
 Whoever has not “this is mine” to him, or even anything else,
 He was a man who did not find me, and he did not grieve “without mine”.
 “Whoever is not “this is mine,” or even what is others to him”: “Whosoever is to him,” for Arrohan; for those who have troubles are exhausted. Whosoever is to him of any color, subject to, think of, do or know, “This is mine, or this is another.” Being held, taken, taken, taken, tracked, believed, they were not, did not exist, not known, not found, disconnected, cut off, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire .” This is whoever to him who does not “this is mine”, or even what is others.
 This is said by Worldman [SN.12.37]: “The Bichu This body is not yours, nor of others, Bichu! This is an old industry that should be seen as being made, created by thought, and can be felt. There, the Picchu! The disciples of the hearing of the Holy Disciples do well: “Like this, when this exists, there is that; by the birth of this, it is born; when this does not exist, there is no one; and with this extinction, then that Destroy, that is: to have the cause of ignorance; by virtue of behavior and knowledge;... (medium) this is the whole set of bitterness. But it was destroyed by the unclear fading and destruction; and by destruction;... (medium) is the destruction of this whole bitterness. '” This is also anyone who, for him, does not “this is mine,” or even what is others.
 This was said by Worldman: [Sn.5.15-Ni.32]
 “Please observe that the world is empty. Always mindfully,
 After I was pulled away, so that he could become a man of death.
 So those who observe the world, the king of death will not see.”
 This is also anyone who, for him, does not “this is mine,” or even what is others.
 This is also said by Worldman: [SN.22.33]
 “Picchu! And whosoever is not you, give off! And if it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and peace for you. And, the Picchu! What's not yours? Bichu! The color is not yours, and ye shall be discarded. And when it is cut off, there will surely be a lasting interest and peace for you; by... wanna... do... know what is not you, and you shall be dismissed. And if it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and peace for you.
 Bichu! What do you think in this woods, peopleYou will take grass, wood, branches, leaves, or burn, or do whatever he wants, and you will think, 'People take us, or burn them, or do whatever he wants. ' Is it?” “No, Dade! What's the reason for that? Dade! For this is not me, nor is it me.” “Same, Bichu! And whosoever is not you, give off! And if it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and peace for you. And, the Picchu! What's not yours? Bichu! The color is not yours, and ye shall be discarded. And when it is cut off, there will surely be a lasting interest and peace for you; by... wanna... do... know what is not you, and you shall be dismissed. “If it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and peace for you.” This is also anyone who, for him, does not “this is mine,” or even what is others. This is also said:
 “The birth of the pure law, the continuation of the pure line,
 For the truth see, the village chief! He became a person who did not fear.
 The grass of the world is equal: when looking at it, [Thag.716-717 half]
 You should not pray for anything else: except for not regenerating.”
 This is also anyone who, for him, does not “this is mine,” or even what is others. King Kong Picuni said to the magic wave: [SN.5.10]
 “Why do you imagine “all beings”? Magic! Is that your evil opinion?
 This is a mere pile of lines, and there are no creations to be found here.
 As the parts of the assembly, like this, there is a word of the car,
 Similarly, when there is a wealth, there is a recognition of the “living beings”.
 Only the generation of bitterness, the survival and disappearance of bitterness,
 There is no other than the generation of bitterness, but the destruction of bitterness.”
 This is also anyone who, for him, does not “this is mine,” or even what is others. This is also said by Worldman: [SN.35.246]
 “Same, Bichu! Picchu to explore the color until the fun of all colors; by... want... line... to explore knowledge until all the interesting things of knowledge, when he finds color, until the fun of all colors; by... want... ... to seek knowledge until all the interesting places of knowledge are timely, for whosoever “I,” or “mine,” or “I am” does not exist for him.” This is also anyone who, for him, does not “this is mine,” or even what is others.
 His Holiness Anan said to Worldship: “The world is empty, and the world is empty.” What is called “the world is empty”?” “Anan! Because I or I am empty, it is called 'the world is empty. ' Ah Nan! What is to me or what I am empty? Ah Nan! Eye with me or what I am empty, the color [with me or my] is empty, the eye [with me or me] is empty, the eye [with me or my] is empty, that is, [where] is born with eye touch or pleasure, or bitter, or not suffering Also [to me or what I have] is empty. Ear is empty... the sound is empty... the nose is empty... the smell is empty... the tongue is empty... the smell is empty... the touch is empty... meaning is empty... Consciousness is empty... Consciousness is empty... Intentions are empty, i.e. [where ] The meaning of the intentions or pleasure, or bitterness, or not to suffer, is also in me or what I am empty. Ah Nan! Because I or I am empty, it is called 'the world is empty. '” It is also whoever to him who does not “this is mine” or even anything else.
 “He did not find me”: “There are two kinds of things I do: [for] the thirst I have to do with the [cause] who saw me... (medium) This is the thirst I do... I do. After my thirst, I do after my thirst, and after which I have dismissed, he is the one whom I have not found, the unfound, the one who has not arrived, and no recipient. For him was not found I was a man.
 “He does not grieve 'without me '”: “He does not grieve things that have become easy, or not grieve in things that become easy: 'My eyes have become easy.' He is not sad; my ears... “My blood has become easy.” He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, does not cry, and does not come to confusion.” For him does not grieve “without mine”.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Whoever has not, for him, “this is mine,” or even what is others,
 He was one who did not find me, and he did not grieve 'none of mine. '
 187. Whoever is not envy, without seeking, and he that does not disturb, is equal to all,
 I talked about that benefit, when asked to unshaken.
 “No envy, no greed, undisturbed, equal to everything”: “What is envy? Here, a certainPeople are envy, to the gain, respect, respect, respect, salute, adore envy [, indignation, MN.135], envy, all like this envy, envy, envy, jealousy, jealousy Path, jealousy state, jealousy, jealousy path, jealousy state, which is called envy. Whoever, for him, this envy has been cut off, cut off... (medium) is burned by wisdom fire, he is called the “No Envy.” “Unaccompanied greed”, greedy is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. Whosoever for him is cut off and cut off... (medium) is a burning wickefire, he is called the unscrupulous covenant, he does not seek in color; in the voice... The methods of knowledge are not covenant, not tied, not obsessed, sinless, away from the desire, no greedy, abandoned, has been excluded, has been freed from greedy, has been discarded, The one who has dismissed the covenant, the one who has gone away from greedy, has forsaken, has been ruled out, the liberated, the one who has dismissed greed, the one who has dismissed greed, the one who is not hungry, has extinguished, has become cool, feeling The joyful dwelt with himself for the bereaved of Van. For those who are not envy, no greed.
 “Undisturbed, equal to everything”: “Disturbation is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots. Whoever for him this thirst has been cut off and cut off... (medium) is burned by wisdom fire, he is called “undisturbed.” “The disconnected state of disturbance is not disturbed, he does not shake when he gets; he does not shake when he does not get; he does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake when there is no reputation (evil criticism); when praise Neither does he shake, nor does he shake in rebuke, nor does he shake in the hours of music; he does not shake, does not move, tremble, not tremble, not tremble, not tremble. for not disturbing. “Equivalent to everything”, everything is called twelve: eyes and colors... (medium) meaning and law. Because the desire and greed in itself and outside have been cut off, and the root has been cut off, like a palm tree without roots, become a non-existence for the future, this condition is that everything is abandoned, spit out, released, and cut off, Conception. Because of thirst love and seeing and being cut off slowly, the roots have been cut off, like a rootless palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, he is called equal in everything. He is like that in all things, neutral, and calm. For the one that does not disturb, equal to all.
 “I tell about that benefit, when questioned unshakable”: “When questioned; questioned; asked; requested; who made it clear unwavering, I speak of these four benefits: He is not disturbed, in Everything is equal, I tell, I explain... (medium), I explain.” Tell me about that benefit, when asked to unshaken.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Whoever is not envy, and he that does not disturb, is equal in every place,
 I tell about that benefit, when asked to be unshaken.”
 188. He who does not disturb, and knoweth, he has nothing to do,
 Having disengaged from his efforts, he saw stability everywhere.
 “Do not disturb, knower”: “disturbance is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad root. Whoever for him this thirst has been cut off and cut off... (medium) is burned by wisdom fire, he is called the “undisturbed.” With a disconnected state of disturbance, “He does not shake when he gets; he does not shake when he does not get; he does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake when there is no reputation (vicious criticism); when praise Neither does he shake, nor does he shake in rebuke, nor does he shake in the hours of music; he does not shake, does not move, tremble, not tremble, not tremble, not tremble. For those who do not disturb “The Knower,” he knows, knows, knows, knows, and passes through. “All things are impermanent”: He knows, knows, knows, knows, and passes through. “All doings are bitter”... (cl.) “Any collection of laws is extinction.” He knows, knows, knows, knows, knows and passes through. For those who do not disturb, the know.
 “Nothing”: “As known as blessing, non-blessing, no action. Due to the Fu Hook, non-Fu Hook, no action is cut off, the root has been cut off, like a palm tree without roots, become non-existent, not known, not found, this situation has been cut off 、Be severed, calmed down, stopped, can not be born, be burned by wisdom fire.” for nothing.
 “Disengaged from efforts”:“Efforts are called blessing, non-blessing, inaction. Due to the blessing, non-blessing, inaction has been cut off, the root has been cut, like a rooted palm tree, become non-existing, for the future life, this situation should have been separated from the efforts to separate, extinct, quit, has been He departed, departed, liberated, and was bound, and he dwelt away from the restrained heart. For has been disengaged from efforts.
 “He saw stability everywhere”: “Greed is the author of fear, is the author of fear, the author of fear... (medium) pollution is the author of fear. The state where the author of the fear of greed has been cut off... The author of the fear of pollution has been cut off, he sees stability everywhere, no fear in all places, without fear in all places, without disaster See no danger in everything, no evil in all, and no oppression in all.” For him to see stability in all areas.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “He who does not disturb, and the Knower, he has nothing to do,
 Having disengaged from his efforts, he saw stability everywhere.”
 189. Of the same, among the inferior, and among the good, Muni will not say,
 He is a silent man, a stingy man, and he will not take, nor refuse. [Like this Worldman (said)]
 “And among the same, among the inferior, Muni will not say”: “Muni,” Mune is called Wisdom... He is Mune after he is beyond the dyed net. “I am the winner,” or 'I am the same, 'or 'I am the inferior,' he does not say, talk, talk, do not say, and speak.” For Muni will not say among the same, among the inferior, among the good.
 “He is a silent, has been desperate”: “Silence”, “Silence”, “The state of greedy has been silence, calmed state of silence,... (medium) obsession... all mismade silence, has been quated state, has been Calm down state, extinguished state, cooled state, departed state, stopped state of silence, silence, extinct, cooled, stopped. For silence. “He is a stingy man.” There are five kinds of saving stingy: [right] of the living... (medium), this is called the stingy. Whoever for him has been cut off, cut off... (medium) is burned by wisdom fire, he is known as the one who has stinged away, has ceased to save, has forsaken, has spit out the stingy, has freed the stingy, has been released The stingers have been cut off, and the fainted. For he is a silent man, a stingy man.
 “He does not take, he does not refuse. [Like this Worldman (said)]”: “He does not take”, color he does not take, do not hold, do not hold, do not take, do not persist, by... want... to know... fun... born... have ( Exists)... Reincarnation... Rotation he does not take, does not take, does not hold, does not take, does not persist.” For him does not take. “Do not refuse”, color he does not interrupt, does not depart, do not end, do not make it to no existence, by... think... line... know... fun... life... there is (existence)... rotation... He will not discontinue, nor dispel, nor end, and he will not bring it to absent. “Worldworld”, “synonyms of respect... Anli (pseudonyms) who testify (medium), that is Worldworld.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “In the same, among the inferior, and among the good, Muni will not say,
 He is a silent man, a stingy man, and he will not take, nor refuse. [Like this Worldman (said)]”
 Instructions of the Stick Picker XV [Completed].


Excerpt:
 1. The horror of the baton (three and four to three) for himself: punishment and hell.
 2. want to find shelter (asylum), but did not see the occupation: youth/no disease/birth/give/name/music is old/sick/lost/unname/blame (at the end of hostile) possession.
 3. do not rejoice (= heart is greed/demented/slow/slow/see/worry/suspect) people run everywhere (reincarnation
 4. intentional Nibbana people should not be keen on the world/to live in the world with very slow live/living together with ease to/be taken away by delusion/make love/joy in the past, like new/sorrow/disappearing by the seducer, should be True/not arrogant (all too slow) /not deceive/dismission/not angry/quit arbitrariness, conquer sleep/lazy/gloomy.
 5. before you make it wither, after you do not have, if in the middle you will not hold, you will live a life of silence.
 6. life is only the generation/survive/disappear of bitterness, except that there is no.
 12/15/2020 15:46