15. Explanation of the stick taker
    Secondly, the explanation of the stick taker will say:
    170. The horror of the stick-takers: Please look at the people who are notorious,
       I will talk about the sense of urgency: I am inspired by the sense of urgency.
"The horror arising from the stick-taker": ""Sticks", there are three kinds of sticks: body sticks, speech sticks, and mind sticks. Three kinds of body evil act physical sticks, four speech evil acts, three kinds of evil intentions The stick of behavioral intentions. "Terror", there are two kinds of horror: the terror of the present life and the terror of the afterlife. What is the terror of the present life? Here, a certain type of people practice evil actions with the body, practice evil with words, and practice evil with intention He kills, takes without giving, invades, robs, robs, abducts wives, and speaks falsehood. After he is captured, they go to the king: "Your Majesty! This is a thief, a criminal, let you Punish this sentence." The king blamed him. He used the blame to cause terror to arise. He felt bitter and sorrow. Where did this horror, bitterness and sorrow become his? From the person who took the stick was born, produced, and taken. To be born, to be born, to appear.
The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imprisoned him with handcuffs, or with ropes, or with fetters, or with vines, or with kudzu vines, or by throwing into chains, or by fences, or by The village is tied to the town, or to the city, or to the country, or to the place, and even declared: "You must not go away from here. He also feels suffering and sorrow based on his bondage. Where did this horror, suffering and sorrow become his? From the one who takes the stick is arisen, is produced, is born, is born, is presented.
    The king is not satisfied with this situation. The king carries his property: hundreds or thousands or one hundred thousand. He also feels suffering and sorrow due to the loss of property. Where did this horror, suffering and sorrow become his? From the one who takes the stick is arisen, is produced, is born, is born, is presented.
The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imposed various penalties on other places: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with a stick, cutting off hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears and nose, and imposing sour porridge. Pot punishment, shell bald punishment, Luohou's mouth punishment, fire torture, candle hand punishment, exorcism, bark clothing punishment, antelope punishment, hook flesh punishment, money punishment, alkaline bath punishment, twisted door lock punishment, straw foot pedal punishment, drenching Hot oil, making a dog bite, making a stabbing while alive, beheading with a sword, he also feels suffering and sorrow due to punishment. Where did this horror, suffering and sorrow become his? From the one who takes the stick is arisen, is produced, is born, is born, is presented. The king is the master of these four types of staff.
With his own work and the disintegration of his body, he was reborn in the world of suffering, evil, the lower world, and hell after death. The jailers imposed five types of punishment on him: they made the red hot iron rod pass through the palm, and they made the red hot iron rod pass through the palm. After the second palm, they passed the red hot iron rod through the sole of the foot, they passed the red hot iron rod through the second sole of the foot, and they passed the red hot iron rod through the chest in the middle. He felt bitter, fierce [, violent, MN.129], pungent feelings there, and he would not die until the evil kamma was eliminated. Where did this horror, suffering, and sorrow become his? From the rod that has been taken is arisen, produced, born, born, and presented.
     After the jailers made him lie down, they cut him with an axe. He felt bitter, intense, and pungent feelings there, and he would not die until the evil kamma was eliminated. After the jailers caught him up and down, they slashed him with a small ax...The jailers yoke him on the car, causing him to ignite the fire, burning, shining ground back and forth... (omitted) jailer We made him climb up and down the burning, shining charcoal volcano... (slightly omitted) After the jailers grabbed him on their feet and heads, they threw them into the hot, blazing, burning, red In the copper pot, he was boiled frothy there, and when he was boiled frothy there, he walked up suddenly, walked up suddenly, walked up suddenly, walked sideways all of a sudden. He felt bitter [, intense], violent, and pungent sensations there, and he would not die until the evil kamma was eliminated. Where did this horror, suffering, and sorrow become his? From the one who takes the stick is arisen, is produced, is born, is born, is presented. The jailers threw him into the great hell, and the great hell:
    "There are four doors in the four corners, divided into equal parts,
       is surrounded by iron walls, and the top is covered by iron.
       The land is made of iron, and it is burned to light by the fire,
       all a hundred yoshin, exist after all.
       It's terrible to burn miserably, but it's hard to get close to it
The appearance of        with upright hair is a horror of suffering.
      From the east wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
       burned with evil kamma and was countered in the westhit.
       again from the west wall, Huoju was waiting,
       burned with evil kamma and was counterattacked in the east.
       again from the north wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
       was burning with evil kamma and was counterattacked in the south.
       again from the south wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
       burned with evil kamma, and was counterattacked in the north.
       waited from below again, the terrifying fire gathered,
       Burning evil kamma, was counterattacked on the roof
       From the roof waiting, the terrifying fire gathers,
       burned with evil kamma and was counterattacked on the ground.
       The blazing iron pot, the red heat is like being burned,
       This infinite hell belongs to [both] seen from below.
       where all beings are violent, the author of the big crime,
       are extremely evil kamma, they are tortured and immortal.
       The body is equivalent to fire: belonging to the dweller of that hell,
       The seer of solid kamma, [Charcoal Fire] has no ashes or charcoal.
       They ran to the east and from there to the west,
       They ran to the north and from there to the south.
       Everywhere they ran out, the doors were closed,
       They have a desire to go out, and sentient beings are seekers of escape.
       They don't go out there, they get it by kamma,
       For those bad kamma, there are many things that have been done and immature. "
     Where did this horror, suffering, and sorrow become his? What arises, arises, arises, arises, arises from the person who takes the stick. Also, where does the suffering of hell, the suffering of the animal world, the suffering of the hungry ghost world, and the suffering of humans arise, where are they produced, where are they occurring, where are they born, and where do they appear? What arises, arises, arises, arises, arises from the person who takes the stick. "The terror that arises for those who take the stick.
"Please look at the dissident people": "The "people" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, laymen, monks, heavens, and people. Dissident people are quarreling people, hostile People, people who oppose, people who are hit, people who are counterattack, people who are attacked, people who are counterattack, please see, please see, please watch, please watch, please observe ." To invite you to see people who are different.
"I will talk about the sense of urgency": "The sense of urgency is horror, fear, terror, oppression, blow, harm, disaster. "I will tell", I will announce, I will say, I will explain, I will teach, I will Tell, I will build, I will uncover, I will parse, I will clarify, I will explain." I will speak of the sense of urgency.
     "Relying on me was aroused by a sense of urgency": "Just following myself, I was aroused by a sense of urgency, horrified, and a sense of urgency." I was aroused by a sense of urgency.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The horror arising from the stick-takers: Please look at the people who are stubborn,
       I will talk about the sense of urgency: I am inspired by the sense of urgency. "
    171. After seeing the throbbing people, like a fish in the water,
       became hostile to each other, and horror entered me after seeing it.
"After seeing people who are throbbing": ""People" are synonymous with all beings. People throb with throbbing throbbing with love; throbbing with throbbing seeing; throbbing throbbing with polluted throbbing Throbbing; throbbing with the throbbing of evil deeds; throbbing with the throbbing of effort; throbbing with the throbbing of retribution; throbbing with the greed and throbbing; throbbing with the anger of anger Throbbing; throbbing with ignorance and ignorance; throbbing by being tied down by slowness; throbbing by clinging to seeing; throbbing by distracting and distracting; failing to reach doubt Throbbing with restraint; Throbbing with force when the potential trend of trouble comes; Throbbing with gain; Throbbing with no gain; Throbbing with fame; Throbbing with no fame; Throbbing with praise; throbbing with rebuke; throbbing with pleasure; throbbing with suffering; throbbing with birth; throbbing with old age; throbbing with sickness; with Throbbing with death; throbbing with sorrow and sorrow and despair; throbbing with the suffering of falling into hell; throbbing with the suffering of falling beasts; throbbing with the suffering of falling ghosts; with The suffering in the world throbs; with the root from the suffering of entering the womb... with the root from the suffering of dwelling in the womb... with the root from the suffering of birth... with the suffering of the living being dependent on the... The suffering of being manipulated (placed) by others... the suffering of acting by oneself... the suffering of the actions of others... the suffering of suffering... the suffering... the suffering... the suffering of the eye diseases... the ear diseases... With nasal disease... With tongue disease... With body disease... With head disease... With external ear disease... With mouth disease... With tooth disease... With cough... With asthma... With other nose... With fever ...With old age... with abdominal disease... with coma... with dysentery... with abdominal pain... with cholera... with leprosy... with tumor... with ringworm... with lung disease... with epilepsy... with ringworm ...To scabies...to wind tinea...to scratches (a type of skin disease)...to dry and cracked skin...to blood gall bladder disease...to diabetes...to hemorrhoids...to rash (boils of boils)...to hemorrhoidal fistula ( Ulcers)...disease caused by gallbladder...disease caused by sputum...disease caused by wind...disease assembled by [three]...disease born by changing seasons...as wrong Illness caused by posture... Illness that strikes suddenly... Illness that results from kamma... With cold... With heat... With hunger... With thirst... With feces... With urine... With the suffering of contact with the fly mosquito, the wind, the sun, and the snake... With the suffering of the dead mother... With the suffering of the dead father... With the suffering of the brother... With the suffering of the sister... With the suffering of the dead child... With the suffering of the dead daughter Suffering...with the loss of relatives...with the loss of money...with the suffering of the loss...with the suffering of the loss of precepts...with the suffering of the decline of Jian, throbbing and completely palpitating Moving, expanding, throbbing, trembling, trembling (strong trembling), trembling greatly (strong trembling). "After seeing", after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Because of seeing the throbbing people.
"Like a fish in a place with little water": "If a fish is in a place with little water, where water is exhausted, they are attacked by crows or eagles or cranes, uplifted, throbbing while eating [, violent throbbing], completely Throbbing, expanding throbbing, trembling, trembling, trembling, like this, people throbbing with throbbing throbbing with throbbing... Move, expand, throb, tremble, tremble, tremble greatly." Like a fish in a place with little water.
"Become hostile to each other": "All beings are hostile to each other, opposing, struck, counterattacked, attacked, counterattacked: the king and the king, the Kshatriya and the Kshatriya Licht, Brahman and Brahman, Homeowner and Homeowner, Mother and Son, Son and Mother, Father and Son, Son and Father, Brother and Brother, Sister and Sister Sister criticism, brothers and sisters, sisters and brothers, friends and friends. When they quarreled, argued, and argued, they attacked each other with fists, clods, clubs, and swords, where they suffered death, or Suffering like death. [MN.13]" for being hostile to each other
"After seeing the horror entered me": ""After seeing", after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. Terror, oppression, blow, harm, disaster entered." After seeing, terror entered. Up me.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After seeing the throbbing people, like a fish in the little water,
       became hostile to each other, and horror entered me after seeing it. "
    172. Nothing in the world is solid, all directions are completely shaken,
       wanted my place to live, [but] I didn't see the unoccupied one.
"Nothing in the world is solid": ""The world", the world of the hell, the world of the animal world, the world of the evil spirits, the world of mankind, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of worlds, the world of living, this world , Other worlds, the Brahma world, the heavenly world, this is called the world. The world of hell is always solid and solid, or solid solid with pleasure, or my solid solid, or constant, or solid , Either eternal, or unchanging law as the unsolid, unreliable, and separated. The world of the animal world... (omitted) the world of the evil ghost world... the world of humans... the world of heaven... The world... the world of the realm... the world of the world... this world... the other worlds... the world of Brahma... the world of heaven is solid with constant solidity, or solid solid with pleasure, or solid solid with me, Either the constant, the firm, the eternal, or the unchanging method is the unfirm, non-firm, and separated firm.
Another example is that reeds are not firm, not firm, and have been separated solid, such as castor-oil plant is not firm, non-firm, separated solid, such as figs are not firm, non-firm, separated solid, such as white reeds are not firm Solid, non-solid, separated solid, such as Shujiashu is not solid, non-solid, separated solid, such as bubble group is not solid, non-solid, separated solid, such as blisters are not solid, non-solid , Departed from solid, such as Yang Yan is not solid, without solid, and separated from solid, such as banana stem is not solid, without solid, separated from solid, such as illusion is not solid, without solid, separated from solid. In the same way, the world of hell is always solid and solid, or solid and solid with music, or I am solid, or solid, Or to be solid, or eternal, or to change the law as not solid, without solid, and separated solid.
The world of the animal world... the world of the evil spirits... the world of humans... the world of heaven is always solid, or solid solid with pleasure, or solid solid, or solid, or solid, or solid, Either eternal, or unreliable, unreliable, unreliable, and already separated. The world of the abundance... the world of the realm... the world of the place... this world... the other worlds... the Brahma world... the heavenly world is always solid and solid, or with pleasure solid solid, or I solid solid , Or the constant, or the firm, or the eternal, or the unchangeable method is not firm, infirm, and separated firm. "For everything in the world is not solid.
"All directions are completely shaken": All the lines in the east direction are shaken, shaken completely, moved: disturbed by impermanence, accompanied by birth, followed by old age, conquered by disease, tormented by death, suffering There is no shelter, no refuge, no refuge, no refuge. All the lines in the west direction... (abbreviated) all the lines in the north direction... all the lines in the south direction... all the lines in the middle direction of the east... all the lines in the middle direction of the west... (abbreviated) the north The rows in the middle direction...all the rows in the middle direction of the south...all the rows in the lower direction...all the rows in the upper direction...all the rows in the ten directions, those are also shaken, completely shaken, Moved: Those who are disturbed by impermanence, accompanied by birth, followed by old, conquered by disease, tortured by death, sheltered in suffering, no shelter, no refuge, no place of refuge, no refuge. Again, this is also said:
     "Even if your palace is shining and shining north,
       always trembles after seeing the fault of color. Therefore, the kind-wise person is not happy with color. [SN.6.6]"
     "The world is tortured by death, surrounded by old people,
       is pierced by the arrow of craving, always being smoked by desire. [SN.1.66]"
     "All worlds have burned, all worlds have smoked,
      All worlds are already blazing, all worlds are already trembling. [SN.5.7]"
     is completely shaken in all directions.
"Want for my place": "My dwelling, shelter, refuge, refuge, place, place of refuge, those who want, accept, hope, eager, and supplicant." For wanting Where I live. "[But] I didn't see the unoccupied": I only saw the taken, but didn't see the untaken: all the young are occupied by the old, all the diseaseless are occupied by the disease, all life is occupied by death, everything Gain is possessed by unprofitable, all reputation is possessed by no reputation, all praise is possessed by reprimand, and all happiness is possessed by suffering.
     "Unobtainable and famous, reputation and pleasure,
       These laws are impermanent among people, very constant and variable. [AN.8.5]"
     is [but] I have not seen anyone who is not possessed (lived).
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Nothing in the world is solid, all directions are completely shaken,
       wanted my place to live, [but] I didn't see the unoccupied one. "
    173. But at the end, all the hostiles, after seeing my dislike,
       At that time, he saw the piercing arrow here: hard to be seen, connected to the heart.
"But in the end all hostiles": ""Yet in the end", "all young and old make it end, all disease-free diseases make it end, all life and death make it end, all gains and no gain make it end, all fame Fame puts it to an end, all praise and rebuke put it to an end, and all pleasures put it to an end." But at the end. "All hostiles", want young beings to be opposed by old people, and want disease-free beings to be opposed by disease , Beings who want life are opposed by death, those who want profit are opposed by no gain, those who want fame are opposed by namelessness, those who want praise are rebuked and opposed, and those who want pleasure are opposed and beaten , Was counterattacked, was attacked, was counterattacked." For the hostile in the end.
"After seeing my unhappy": ""After seeing", "After seeing, after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." After seeing. "My unhappy", where Not happy, whoever is not happy, whoever is not happy, whoever is dissatisfied, whoever is horrible." Because I am not happy after seeing it.
"He saw the arrow at that time": ""At that time", the continuation of the sentence... (omitted) This is the order of the sentence, "at that time". "Here", on all beings. "Arrow" , There are seven kinds of stabbing arrows: greedy stabbing arrow, anger stabbing arrow, crazy stabbing arrow, slowStabbing arrows, seeing stabbing arrows, worrying stabbing arrows, doubting stabbing arrows. "He saw", he saw, saw, saw, and understood. "Because he saw the stabbing arrow here at that time.
"Difficult to be seen, connected to the heart": ""Difficult to be seen", "difficult to be seen, hard to be seen, hard to be seen, hard to be enlightened, hard to be conscious of, hard to be Accessible." To be difficult to be seen. "Connected to the heart." The heart is called the heart, which is the heart, the mind, the mind, the heart, the white (all pure), the mind, the mind, the root of mind, consciousness, and consciousness Aggregate, corresponding to the realm of consciousness. "Heart connected", connected to the heart, connected to the heart, connected to the heart, walking with the heart, joined, connected, coexisted, coexisted, and the same place of dependence , The same object." The one that is difficult to see, connects the heart.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "But at the end, all the hostiles, after seeing it, I feel unhappy,
       At that time, he saw the piercing arrow here: hard to be seen, connected to the heart. "
    174. Anyone who is shot by a stabbing arrow, he runs around in all directions,
       But after the stabbing arrow was pulled out, he didn't run nor sink.
"Whoever is shot by a stabbing arrow, he runs around in all directions": "Stabbing arrow", there are seven kinds of stabbing arrows: greedy stabbing arrow, anger stabbing arrow, crazy stabbing arrow, slow stabbing arrow, seeing stabbing arrow, Sorrow pierce the arrow, doubt pierce the arrow. What is a greedy arrow? That is greed, greed (complete greed), follow greed, conformity, joy, greed, the greed of the heart... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots, this is the arrow of greed.
    What is a stabbing arrow? "He has been unfavorable to me (no benefit)." Hate was raised; "He was unfavorable to me." Hate was raised; "He would be unfavorable to me." Hate was born... (abbreviated) brutal The anger, rage, and displeasedness of the heart, this is the stab of anger.
    What is an idiot? Ignorance in suffering... (abbreviated) Ignorance in the path leading to suffering, ignorance in the past, ignorance in the future, ignorance in the past and the future, in terms of specific conditionality and conditional origin The ignorance of ignorance, like this, does not see, does not see, does not realize, does not realize, does not understand, does not understand, does not understand, does not see correctly, does not examine, does not understand, is ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant Meng, ignorance, the torrent of ignorance, the yoke of ignorance, the underlying tendency of ignorance troubles, the entanglement of ignorance, the fence of ignorance, the root of ignorance and badness, this is the arrow of ignorance.
    What is a slow piercing arrow? ：The slowness of "I am the winner", the slowness of "I am the same", the slowness of "I am the inferior", and the situation like this, think, think, high, high, flag, high, Vanity of the heart, this is a slow piercing arrow.
    What is a piercing arrow? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle views, desert views, distorted views, shaken views, The clinging, acceptance, holding, clinging to the bound view, the place where the evil way, the evil way, the evil nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion (vipariyesa), the clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion (vipallāsa) The grip of evil, the grip of evil, the grip of "[see] the real in the unreal", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, which is to see the arrow.
    What is sadness? Touched by loss of relatives, touched by loss of disease (unfortunate) touched by, touched by loss of property, touched by loss of ring (loss) touched, or touched by loss (loss) of sight, possess (encounter) certain Loss (unfortunate), the state of sorrow, sorrow, sadness, internal sorrow, internal sorrow, internal burning, internal burning, heart burning, sorrow, sad arrow, this is Sadness pierces an arrow.
    What is the doubting arrow? Suspicion on suffering, suspicion on suffering accumulation, suspicion on cessation of suffering, suspicion on the path leading to suffering, suspicion on the past, suspicion on the future, suspicion on the past and the future, born of certain conditional conditions Suspicion in the law, any state of doubt, doubt, doubt, confusion, hesitation, doubt, crossroads (doubt), doubt, inconsistent grip, doubt, hesitation, incomplete understanding, rigid state, confusion of mind, This is Doubt Stabbing Arrow.
"Whoever is shot by a stabbing arrow, he runs around in all directions": "Anyone who is shot by a stabbing arrow, shoots through, touches, tortured, combines, possesses, and does evil deeds with his body and words , Do evil with intention: killing, taking without giving, invading people, taking prey, blocking the road, robbing, abducting a wife, saying falsehood, like this, being shot, pierced, touched, tortured, combined with a greedy arrow, Run with possession, run around, walk around, and keep moving around. Or, being shot, shot, touched, tortured, combined, possessed by a greedy arrow, Heat, hunger, thirst became worse, tortured by the contact of horsefly, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and snakes, died of hunger and thirst frequently, went to low rolling glass; went to Tao Goule; went to Tao Ge Xi Le; Black face; walked to Mancheng; walked to Weisun's fore; walked to Weila Botao; walked to Ruowa; walked to Damali; walked to Bangladesh; walked to the deaf and bound; walked to the golden roof; walked to the golden land; Walked to Tongyu; walked to Subodage; walked to Baruch to drink; walked to Sule Tao; walked to Baneluoge; walked to Ban Erna; walked to Class 1 Erna [; walked to salad A large amount of that, Ni.7,55 偈]; walked to Yinna; walked to the first Yunna; walked to Weinago; walked to Mulapota, walked to the dangerous road in the desert; walked to walk on the knees The road that can be passed; the road that goats can walk; the road that sheep can walk; the road that can only be passed when supported by pillars; the road that can only be passed by holding a parachute; the road that can only be passed when the bamboo bush is cut ；Walking to the bird road; walking to the mouse road; walking to the crack road; walking to the vine road, when he asks repeatedly, he does not get it, rooted in not getting the feeling of suffering; when he asks, he gets it, rooted in the guardian feeling of getting Worry: "Whether my property will be taken away by the king, the thieves will not, the fire will not burn, the water will not flow away, and the unlovable heirs will not take it away. When he guards and protects in this way, his property is destroyed, he is rooted in separation and feels distress, when he guards and protects in this way, his property is destroyed, he is rooted in separation and feels distress. Like this, I was also shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed and run, ran around, walked around, and circulated constantly.
Being stabbed by an arrow...(slightly omitted) Stabbed by an infatuated arrow...being shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed by a slow-piercing arrow to do evil with the body, with words, and with intentions Action: Killing, taking without giving, invading people, taking prey, robbing, abducting a wife, saying falsehood, being shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed and run around like this To run around, walk around, keep moving around.
Seen that the stabbing arrow is shot in, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed to become a naked walker, a person who is out of the way, a hand licker, a person who is not invited, a person who is not invited to stand, and is not brought by, Specially prepared or entertained [food], he does not take food from the mouth of the bottle, does not take food from the mouth of the pot, does not [from] the middle of the threshold, the middle of the stick, the middle of the pestle, the two people who are eating, the pregnant woman, the nursing girl , People living with men [take food], do not collect food from the place where dogs are present, where flies gather [take food], do not [eat] fish, meat, do not drink wine, fruit wine, [fermentation] Sour porridge, he [to bowl] one family [eat] one bite, two family two bites... (slightly) seven family members, he [every day] uses one small plate of [food] to sustain his life, two small plates to sustain his life... (slightly omitted) ) Seven small dishes for living, one meal a day, one meal two days... (slightly) one meal seven days, like this, half a month [eat one meal], he lives in the practice dedicated to eating regularly [DN .8, paragraph 394]. Seen like this, the stabbing arrow shot, penetrated, touched, tortured, combined, possessed and run, ran around, walked around, and kept moving around.
Or, by seeing a stinging arrow shot, shot, touched, tortured, combined, possessed, he becomes a lettuce eater, or a tares eater, or a raw rice eater, or a large lami eater, or a sour moss eater Those who eat rice bran, or eat rice juice, or eat flax powder, or eat grass, or eat cow dung, he live on the roots and fruits of the forest, and the fallen fruits as food. He wears linen, hemp mixed fabric, shroud, dung sweeping clothes, low-force knife tree [bark], antelope skin, sheepskin, thatch clothing, bark clothing, wood chip clothing, hair woven clothing [, beast fur clothing], Owl down jacket, he is a beard plucker, he lives in a practitioner who is committed to plucking beard, a standing person, a person who refuses a seat, a squatting person, a diligent practitioner, a thorn lying person, he sleeps on a thorny bed, With a slatted bed and a hard floor, he is a person who lives in the open and everywhere. He is a person who eats spoiled food and a practitioner who devotes himself to eating spoiled food. He is a person who does not drink beverages and a practitioner who does not drink beverages. The practitioner who devotes himself to the water bath three times before dusk, like this, lives in many such forms of practice of asceticism and torture on the body. In this way, it is also seen that stabbing arrows are shot, penetrated, touched, tortured, combined, possessed and run, run around, walk around, and keep moving around.
     was shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed and sad, tired, weeping, pounding and crying, and came to confusion. This is said by the World Honored [MN.87]:
    "Brahmin! Once upon a time, in this city of Sravasti, a certain woman's mother died. When she died, she was mad and frustrated. She walked from street to street; from crossroads to crossroads, and then thisWhat to say: "Do you see my mother? Do you see my mother?"
     Brahmin! Once upon a time, in this city of Sravasti, a certain woman's father died,...(slightly) brother died,...(slightly omitted) sister died,...(slightly omitted) son died,...(slightly omitted) The daughter is dead,... (slightly) The husband is dead. When he died, she went crazy and frustrated, walking from street to street; from crossroads to crossroads, and then said: "Did you see my husband? Do you see my husband?"
     Brahmin! Once upon a time, in this city of Sravasti, a man's mother died. When she died, he was mad and frustrated, walking from street to street; from crossroads to crossroads, and then said, "Are you See my mother? Do you see my mother?"
     Brahmin! In the past, in this city of Sravasti, there was a man whose father died,...(slightly) brother died,...(slightly omitted) sister died,...(slightly omitted) son died,...(slightly omitted) The daughter is dead,... (slightly) The wife is dead. When she died, he went crazy and frustrated, walking from street to street; from crossroads to crossroads, and then said, "Did you see my wife?" Do you see my wife?"
     Brahmin! Once in the city of Sravasti, there was a woman who went to the home of relatives who wanted to take her husband and then wanted to give her to someone else she didn't want. At that time, the woman said to her husband: "Master! [My] relatives are going to take you [and then want to give me to someone else I don't want], and the two of us will die." Then, The man cut the woman in half and committed suicide [, thought]: "After death, we will [re] be a pair." "Like this, I was shot, pierced, touched, tortured by an arrow of sadness, Combine, have and run, run around, walk around, keep moving around.
    I was shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed by the doubtful stabbing arrow to become a skeptic (Sri Lanka version), a skeptic who leaped into a doubt, and a doubtful person: "Do I exist in my past life? Do I not exist in my past life? What is my past life? How was my past life? What was my past life, and what did [later] become? Will I exist in the future? Do I not exist in my future life? What will my future life be? How will my future life be? What will I be in my future life, and what will become [later]? "Or, he will have doubts about the present world now in his heart: "Do I exist?" Am I not there? What am I? How is my situation? Where did these sentient beings come from and where will they go? [SN.12.20]" Like this, the stabbing arrow shot in, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed, ran around, walked around, and kept moving around.
     He made these piercing arrows. When he made these piercing arrows, he ran east, west, north, and south because of the piercing arrows. Those stabbing arrows have not been broken, and run to the interesting place with those stabbing arrows unbroken: running to hell, running to the animal world, running to the hungry ghost world, running to the human world, running to the sky The world of life, from the place of interest to the place of interest, from rebirth to rebirth, from birth to birth, from existence to existence, from reincarnation to reincarnation, from reincarnation to reincarnation, running around, running around, walking around, and constantly To move around. For anyone who was shot by a stabbing arrow, he ran around in all directions.
"But after the piercing arrow is pulled out, he doesn't run nor sink": "But that greedy piercing arrow, anger piercing arrow, idiotic piercing arrow, slow piercing arrow, seeing piercing arrow, sad piercing arrow, doubting piercing arrow After being pulled out, after pulling out, after pulling out, after taking out, after removing, after completely removing, after abandoning, after expelling, after finishing, after making it out of existence, he will neither run east nor west, Neither run north nor south. Those piercing arrows have been cut off, and in the state where those stabbing arrows have been cut off, don't run to the interesting place: don't run to hell, don't run to the animal world, no Run to the world of hungry ghosts, not to the world of humans, not to the world of heaven, not from fun to fun, from rebirth to rebirth, from knot to knot, from existence to existence, from reincarnation to reincarnation, not to reincarnation When it comes to running in turns, running around, walking around, and constantly moving around." But after the stabbing arrow is pulled out, he doesn't run. "Not sinking", not sinking in the storm of desire, not sinking No torrent, not sinking in the torrent of ignorance, not sinking, not sinking completely, not sinking downward, not sinking, not going, not going down." But after the stabbing arrow was pulled out, he didn't run or sink.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anyone shot by a stabbing arrow, he runs around in all directions,
       But the stabbing arrow is pulled outLater, he does not run without sinking. "
    175. Learn to sing along there: Anyone who is bound in the world,
       should not be keen on those, after piercing all desires, you should learn for your own Nibbana.
"Learning there and being sung: Anyone who is bound in the world": ""Study", Elephantology, Horseology, Carriage, Archology, Ophthalmology, Surgery, Body Healing, Expelling Ghosts, Child Healing Learning (Thailand version). "Being sung", being chanted, chanted, talked about, talked about, explained, spoken. Or, being chanted, learned, remembered, understood, distinguished , To be bound. "Tethered" is called the five desires: to be able to be recognized by the eye, desirable, cute, agreeable, cute, accompanied by desires, greedy colors, can The sound that can be recognized by the ear... the smell that can be recognized by the nose... the smell that can be recognized by the tongue... the taste that can be recognized by the body, the desired, cute, desirable, cute, and accompanying desire What is the reason for being bound is called the five desires? Most people want, accept, hope, aspire, and pray for the five desires. For that reason, they are called the five desires. The reason for this desire. "In the world", in the world of mankind." To learn there and sing along: All those who are bound in the world.
"There should not be enthusiasm in those": "In those, or in those studies, or in the five kinds of desires, one should not be enthusiastic, should not target that, and become a person who does not work hard or lean towards that. Don't go to the one who overcomes, don't go to the one who increases." Because you shouldn't be keen on those.
"After piercing all desires": ""After piercing" is after piercing: "All actions are impermanent" after piercing, "All Dhamma is suffering" after piercing... "After the penetration. "Everything", all completely, every aspect completely, no residue, the whole earth, this is the word that is taken over and over, which is "all". "Desire", from the praising there are two desires: things The desire for pollution and the desire for pollution...(slightly omitted) These are called the desires of things...(slightly omitted) These are called the desires for pollution." It is the aftermath of piercing all desires.
"Should learn for one's own Nibbana": ""Study", there are three kinds of learning: increasing precept learning, increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning... (omitted) This is increasing wisdom learning. "For own Nibbana" , In order to extinguish one's greed; in order to extinguish one's anger; in order to extinguish one's infatuation... (omitted) for all unwholesome contrived calm, silence, calm down, cool down, cut thoughts, stop, you should learn to increase Cadence learning should also learn to increase mind learning, and should also learn to increase wisdom learning. These three learnings should be learned when they are headed (noted); when they are known, they should be learned... You should learn, practice, practice well, and turn around after being held up." It is because you should learn for your own Nibbana.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "Learning there and being sung along: Anyone who is bound in the world,
       should not be keen on those, after piercing all desires, you should learn for your own Nibbana. "
    176. It should be the real, the not arrogant, the not deceiving, the one who gives up the divorce,
       Those who are not angry, Muni can become more greedy and stingy.
"Should be the real, not the arrogant": ""Should be the real", "should have the truth, should have the right view, should have the eight holy paths." It should be the real. "The not arrogant", " "Arrogance", there are three kinds of arrogance: body arrogance, speech arrogance, heart arrogance... (Omitted) This is the arrogance of the heart. For him, these three arrogances are cut off, cut off, calmed down, and stopped. , Who cannot arise, and is burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the not arrogant." He should be the real, not the arrogant.
"Those who do not deceive, and those who give up divorced speech": "Deception is called deception. Here, after some evil actions with the body are implemented; after the evil actions with words are implemented; after the evil actions with intentions are implemented, they are hidden. The desire to stand up to evil, he desires: "May he not know me!" Intention: "May he not know me!" Say: "May he not know me!" words [AN.6.45]; physical effort: " May he not know me!" Anything like this deception, deception, transgression (violation), deception, concealment, secret confusion, concealment, keep secret, hide (keep secret all over), hide, hide all over, do not Explicit behavior, undisclosed behavior, and cover-up of evil behavior are called deception. For him who this deception has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, or burned by wisdom, He is called the one who does not deceive. "Depart from the divorced speaker", "the divorced speaker" Here, a certain type of person is the divorced speaker……(Omitted) This is the desire for division to produce divorce. For him who is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by intellectual fire, he is called the one who gives up the divorce, stays away from the divorce, and isolates the divorce. . "For those who don't deceive, those who give up divorce.
     "Those who are not angry, Muni can be more greedy and stingy": They are called "not angry", but only those who are angry can be said. The anger arises in ten forms: "He has acted unfavorably to me. [AN.9.29]" Anger is arisen... (omitted) For him, the anger is cut off, cut off, calmed down, and stopped. The one who cannot arise, is burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who is not angry. The state of anger has been dismissed is regarded as the non-angry; the state of omniscience of anger is regarded as the non-angry; "Greed", that is, the state of greed, greed... (slightly) greedy, greedy, and the root of bad. Being stingy is called the five kinds of stinginess: [to] being stingy in dwelling...(slightly), [this] is called being stingy. "Muni", Mona is called Chi... (slightly) After transcending the net, he is Muni. "Those who are not angry, Muni can overcome evil and greed and stinginess": "Muni survives, transcends, passes, crosses, and overcomes evil and greed and stinginess." For those who are not angry, Muni can overcome evil and greed and stinginess.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Should be the real, the not arrogant, the not deceitful, the one who gives up the divorce,
       Those who are not angry, Muni can become more greedy and stingy. "
    177. Sleep, laziness, and depression should be conquered, and should not live with ease,
       should not stand with extreme slowness: the person whose mind is in Nibbana.
"Sleep, laziness, and drowsiness should be conquered": "Sleep", that is the body's unbearable, unsuitable state of work, covering, covering, internal dullness, sleep (drowsiness), dreaming dozing off, dreaming sleeping, falling asleep status. "Laziness (laziness)", that is the state of laziness where the laziness is the purpose of laziness, and the heart is realized [defeated] by laziness; laziness, the state of laziness which is the purpose of laziness. "Hanging" refers to the state of being unbearable, unsuitable for work, stained, withdrawn, dull, depressed, withdrawn, drowsy, ignorant, and ignorant. "Sleep, laziness, and sinking should be conquered": "Sleep and laziness and sinking should be conquered, should be overcome, should be conquered, should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should end, should be crushed." For sleep and laziness should be conquered. , Shen Shen.
"Should not live with liberty": liberating means being in the evil deeds of the body, or in the evil deeds of speech, or in the evil deeds of the mind, or in the five desires. The liberating can be turned away, and the heart is abandoned. The state of not arising, or the state of no respect for the practice of good law, the state of impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the state of being stuck to the habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting responsibility, not practicing, not Practice, not practice much, not establish, practice, and let go. Anything like this state of letting go, letting go, and letting go is called letting go. "Should not live with ease": "Should not live with ease, live together, live, stay (living all over), let loose should be cut off, should be driven away, should be ended, should be brought to Does not exist. It should have been separated from liberation, abstained, abstained, liberated, liberated, liberated, liberated from bondage, he should live away from the restricted heart." Live together.
"Should not stand with extreme slowness": ""Extremely slow", here, a certain type of person is born, or by surname... (omitted) or scorn others with something. Anyone who is so slow, thinks, thinks The situation, the tribute, the lofty, the banner, the high, the vanity of the heart, this is called the extremely slow. One should not stand by the extremely slow, and stand together. The extremely slow should abandon, drive away, and end , It should be made to go to non-existence. It should have been separated from the extremely slow, quit, quit, detached, detached, detached, detached from the bondage, he should live with the heart of detachment and limitation." Because we should not stand very slowly.
"Those whose minds are in Nibbana": "Here, a certain type of people are the giver, the ordained ones, those who are kamma of Busa, those who serve things to drink, wash water, those who clean the monks' rooms, and those who respect the tower Temple people, those who hang incense flowers in the pagoda temple, those who walk around the pagoda temple on the right, and those who do anything good in the Three Realms are authors, [but] not because of interest, not because of rebirth, not because of incarnation, not because of existence, not because of Reincarnation, not because of reincarnation, he does all this [for] the interest of freedom from bondage, leaning toward Nibbana, leaning toward Nibbana, and leaning toward Nibbana." This is a person whose mind is toward Nibbana. Or, "After the mind breaks away from all realms, the mind gathers on the immortal realm: this is silence, this is victory, that is: the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachmentsMindfulness, the extinction of thirst, greed, extinction, Nibbana. "This is also a person who wants to Nibbana.
     "The wise and wise do not give or give for the joy of clinging, for rebirth,
       They would rather give alms for the sake of clinging to each other, in order not to regenerate.
      The wise and wise men do not practice the various meditations because of the joy of clinging, for the sake of regeneration,
       They would rather practice the various meditations for the sake of being clinging to each other and not regenerating.
       They hope (Sri Lanka version) to extinguish and give, their hearts are inclined to that, to that victory solution,
      As a river enters the ocean, they practice Nibbana on the other side. "
     is a person whose heart is in Nibbana.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Sleep, laziness, and depression should be conquered, and should not live with ease,
       should not stand with extreme slowness: the person whose mind is in Nibbana. "
    178. It should not be taken away in vain, and love should not be created in color.
       should be slow in omniscience, and abstinence should be done arbitrarily.
"Should not be taken away in false speech": false speech is called false speech, here, a certain type of people are brought to the synagogue, or to the assembly, or to the relatives, or to the group, or to the palace Asked as a witness: "Hello! Come! man! Please tell me what you know. He said without knowing: "I know. Or, as he knew it, he said: "I don't know. He didn't see it and said, "I see. Or, when he saw it, he said, "I didn't see it. "Like this, he makes deliberate vain remarks based on his own cause, or the cause of others, or because of a little temptation [AN.3.28], which is called false speech. Or, with three elements... (omitted) with four elements... with five elements... with six elements... with seven elements... with eight elements... (omitted) Take these eight behaviors as lies. "Should not be taken away in false speech": "Should not be carried away in false speech, should not be taken away, should not be carried, should not be carried. We should give up false speech, should be driven away, should For the end, it should be made to cease to exist. It should have been separated from the false speech, quit, quit, renounced, renounced, renounced, renounced, and he should live with the heart of renunciation and limitation. "Because it shouldn't be taken away in vain.
     "Lose should not create love": "Lose" is the color created by the four and the four. "Affection should not be created in physicality": "Affection should not be created in physicality, desire should not be generated, love should not be generated, greed should not be generated, should not be generated, should not be produced, should not be caused, should not be caused Make it give birth." Because it should not create affection in color.
"Should be omniscience slow": One kind is slow: that is the height of the mind, two kinds are slow: self praise is slow, others' contempt is slow, three kinds are slow: "I am the winner" is slow , "I am the same" as slow, "I am the inferior" as slow, there are four kinds of slow: to get to make it slow, to fame to make it slow, praise to make it slow, and to make it happy The production is slow, and five kinds are the slowest: "I do get the desired color." To make it slow, "I do get the desired sound."... (omitted) smell... taste... touch, take six as Slow: The eyes are full to make it slow, and the ears are full... the nose is full... the tongue is full... the body is full... the mind is full to make it slow. Seven kinds are slow: Slow, extremely slow, slow and extremely slow, humble, slow to increase, I am slow, evil slow, there are eight kinds of slow: to get to make it slow, to get it to make it slow, and to fame It is slow to produce, to produce lowliness through obscurity, to produce lowliness through praise, to produce lowliness through rebuke, to produce lowliness through pleasure, and to produce lowliness through suffering. Nine kinds of slowness: superior The person thinks: "I am the winner" is slow, the winner thinks: "I am the same" for slow, the winner thinks: "I am the inferior" for slow, the same thinks: "I am the winner "I am the same" for the slow and equal think: "I am the inferior" for the slow, the inferior think: "I am the winner" for the slow and inferior Think: "I am the same" as the slower and the inferior. I thought: "I am the inferior" as the slow. Ten kinds of slowness: Here, some are born, or by surname... (Omitted) or by something Make it slow. Anyone who has such a slow mind, thinks, thinks, tributes high, high slows, flags, highs, and the vanity of the heart is called slowness.
"Should be slow in omniscience": "There should be three types of omniscience and omniscience: knowing omniscience, measuring omniscience, and abandoning omniscience. What is knowing omniscience? Knowing slow: this is a single kind of slowness: that It is the height of the heart, which is slow in two ways: self praise is slow, others' contempt is slow... (omitted) This isTen kinds of slowness: Here, some are born, or by surname... (Omitted) or something slows down. "He knows, he sees, this is knowing and omniscient.
    What is measuring omniscience? After knowing this way, he will make it to measure impermanence, suffering, and sickness... (omitted) He makes it measure detachment, which is measuring omniscience.
    What is renunciation and omniscience? "After measuring in this way, slow him down, drive away, make the end, and make it go to non-existence." This is omniscience. "Slow omniscience should be": "Slow omniscience should be based on these three types." It should be slow.
"Should perform arbitrary abstinence": "What is arbitrary behavior? Those infected with greed have arbitrary behavior, angry people have arbitrary behavior with hateful behavior, and foolish people have arbitrary behavior with idiotic behavior. The binder acts arbitrarily with slow behavior, the clerker acts arbitrarily with the view, the scrambler acts arbitrarily, the person who does not come to the conclusion acts arbitrarily with the suspicious behavior Behaviour, come to the resolute person to worry about the latent trend of the behavior, this is arbitrary behavior. "Should perform arbitrary abstinence": "Should have been separated from arbitrary behavior, abstained, abstained, and out of Li, has left, has been freed, has been separated from bondage, he should live with the heart of being separated from being restricted, should be carried out, should be carried out, should be acted, should be turned, should be guarded, should be made to survive, should be made to survive." The abstinence should be done arbitrarily.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "It should not be taken away in vain, and it should not be created in love.
       should be slow in omniscience, and abstinence should be done arbitrarily. "
    179. You shouldn't like the old ones, and you shouldn't like the new ones.
       should not be sad because of the disappearing, and should not become the stalker of the hooker.
"Should not rejoice in the past": "The past is called the past forms, feelings, thoughts, actions, and consciousness. The past actions should not be rejoiced, welcomed, held (taken) by craving, seeing, Rejoice, welcome, persevere, persevere, cling to, cling to, he should let go, he should be driven away, he should end, and he should make it go to non-existence." It should not be rejoicing before.
"Should not generate liking in the new": "The new is called the present form, feeling, thought, behavior, and consciousness. In the current behaviors, liking, desire and desire should not be generated due to craving and seeing. Love, greed, he should not produce, should not produce, should not cause it to arise, should not cause it to produce vision." It should not produce liking in the new.
"Should not be sad because of what is disappearing": "When disappearing, losing, declining, dissipating, leaving, reducing, and extinction, he should not be sad, should not be tired, should not take, should not weep, should not Thumping the chest and crying, should not come to confusion: when the eyes disappear, lose, decline, dissipate, leave, diminish, disappear, in the ear... (omitted) in the nose... in the tongue... in the body... in Color...in the sound...in the smell...in the taste...in the touch...at home...in the group (congregation)...in the residence...in the benefit...in the reputation...in the praise...in the music... In clothes...in feeding...in residence...when the patient's needs and medical necessities disappear, lose, decay, dissipate, leave, diminish, disappear, he should not be sad, should not be tired, should not take , You should not weep, you should not beat your breasts and cry, you should not come to confusion." Because you should not be sad because of disappearing.
     "Should not be the stubborn person of the hooker": The hooker is called craving, which is greed, greed... (omitted) the root of greed, greed, and unwholesomeness. For what reason is the hooker called thirst? Anyone who pulls, pulls, grasps, grasps, clings to him with thirst and loves...(slightly) thinks...does...knows...interests...rebirth...birth...has (existence)... …Reincarnation…revolving him to pull, fully pull, hold, take, and cling to. Those who hook him for this reason are called cravings. "Should not be the dependant of the hooker": "Should not become the dependant of the thirsting one. The thirsting one should be cut off, should be driven away, should end, and should be made to cease to exist. Desire for separation, abstinence, abstinence, renunciation, renunciation, liberation, and renunciation, he should live in the heart of separation and limitation." For the one who should not be the stalker's refuge.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "You should not like the old ones, and you should not like the new ones,
       should not be sad because of the disappearing, and should not become the stalker of the hooker. "
    180. I said greed is a "great torrent", I said desire is a torrent,
      The fixed view of object (Thailand version), the mud of desire is difficult to overcome.
     "I said greed is"Big torrent": "Craving is called craving, that is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. Big torrent is called craving, that is greed, greed... (abbreviated) ) Greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. "I say greed is a "great torrent": I say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain that greed is " Big Riot". "For me, greed is "great torrent".
     "I said eagerness is rushing": eagerness is called craving, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. Rushing is also called craving, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "I said that eagerness is rushing": I said, I explain... (omitted) I clarified, I said that eagerness is "rushing". "For me, hope is rushing.
"Affected Views (Thailand Version)": "Affected Views are also called cravings, which are greed, greed... (slightly) the roots of craving, greed, and unwholesomeness. The fixed view is also called craving, which is Greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots." As the fixed view of object (Thailand version).
"The mud of desire is difficult to overcome": "The mud of desire, the quagmire of desire, the pollution of desire, the quagmire of desire, and the obstacles of desire are difficult to overcome, difficult to surpass, difficult to escape, difficult to pass, difficult to surpass It's difficult to overcome." The mud of desire is difficult to overcome.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "I say greed is a "great torrent", I say desire is torrent,
      The fixed view of object (Thailand version), the mud of desire is difficult to overcome. "
    181. Muni does not deviate from reality, Brahmin stands on the high ground,
       After he missed everything, he was indeed called the Silent One.
"Muni does not deviate from the truth": "Those who do not deviate from the truth; those who do not deviate from the right view; those who do not deviate from the eight-legged path. "Muni", Mou is called wisdom... (abbreviated) Transcendence dyes the net Later, he is Mou Ni." For Mou Ni does not deviate from reality.
     "Brahmin standing on the high ground": The high ground is called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbana. "Brahman", the excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is Brahman... (Omitted) Those who are not dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. "The Brahman stands on the high ground": "He stands on the high ground, on the island, standing in the shelter, standing in the refuge, standing in the refuge, standing in the fearless place, standing in the dead, standing in the undead, standing Nibbana." Standing on the high ground for the Brahmin.
"After he cuts everything off": "Everything is called the twelve places: eyes and colors... (omitted) mind and law. Because the desire and greed in the inner and outer parts of himself have been cut off, the roots have been cut off Broken, like a palm tree without roots, becomes a non-being, something that will not be born for the future. In this case, everything is abandoned, spit out, released, cut off, cut off. Because of the thirst for love and seeing and the slow being cut off, the root It has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, which becomes non-being, something that will not be born for the future. This situation is also the situation where everything is abandoned, spit out, released, cut off, and cut off. Because of blessings and non-blessings Action and immobility are cut off, and the roots are cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-being, something that will not live in the future. In this case, everything is abandoned, spit out, released, cut off, and cut off. "After thinking about everything for him.
"He is indeed called the Silent": "He is called, said, talked about, talked, explained, said to be "the silent, the silent, the extinguisher, the calmer, the at rest." "" Because he is indeed called the Silent One.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Muni does not deviate from reality, Brahmin stands on the high ground,
       After he missed everything, he was indeed called the Silent One. "
    182. He is indeed a wise man, he is a person who knows the Vedas, he becomes a non-dependant person after he knows the Dhamma
      He is the right person in the world, where he doesn't look forward to anything.
"He is indeed a wise man, he is one who knows the Veda": "The "wise man" is the wise man, the one who has reached the world, the wise, the wise, and the wise. "The one who knows the Veda", the Veda is called the four Wisdom on the path... (abbreviated) In all feelings, he is free from greed and surpasses all Vedas. He is a Vedas." Because he is indeed a wise man, he is a Vedas.
"After knowing the Dhamma and becoming non-observant": ""After knowing", after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying: "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring , After judgment, after separation, after clarification; "All actions are suffering"... "All Dhamma is without self"... (Omitted) "Any collection of Dhamma is extinction" After knowing, understanding, and weighing, After judgment, separation, and clarification. There are two types of dependence on "non-dependant": dependence on craving andThe refusal to see...(slightly omitted) This is the refusal of craving...(slightly omitted) This is the refusal to see. After the refusal of the thirsting love; the refusal of the eye after the refusal to see; the disobedient of the ear; the disobedient of the nose... (omitted) what you see, hear, feel, and be aware Those who do not adhere to, those who do not stick to, those who do not fall into the dhammas of knowledge, those who do not adhere, those who do not turn their minds toward (victory). He has left, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of freedom and restriction. "For those who become non-compliant after knowing the Fa.
"He is the one who does the right thing in the world": "Because the desire and greed inside and outside of himself have been cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes non-being and does not grow for the future. The thing, this situation is that he walks, lives, acts, turns, guards, survives, and survives correctly in the world.... (Omitted) Because of blessing and non-blessing and immobility being cut off, the root is already Being cut off is like a rootless palm tree, becoming a non-being thing that will not live for the future. This situation is also that he walks, lives, acts, turns, guards, survives, and survives correctly in the world." He is the right one in the world
"He doesn't long for anything here": "Hope is called craving, that is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, this longing, craving has been cut off, He who is cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he does not yearn for anything: Kshatriya, or Brahman, or Vaisha, or Sudra, or layman, Or monks, or heavenly, or human." Because he doesn't look forward to anything here.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "He is indeed a wise man, he is a person who knows the Vedic, and he becomes a non-dependant person after he knows the Dhamma.
      He is the right person in the world, where he doesn't look forward to anything. "
    183. Whoever transcends desire and dyes here: those who are difficult to transcend in the world,
       He is not worried or worried: those who have cut off the flow, those who have no knots.
"Anyone who crosses over desires and dyes here: those who are difficult to cross in the world": ""Who", what kind of like, like effort, like arrangement, like kind, every place that has arrived, every Kshatriya who has Dhamma , Or Brahmin, or Vaisha, or Sudra, or lay person, or monk, or heaven, or person. "Desire", from the chanting, there are two desires: the desire for things and the desire for pollution... (abbreviated ) These are called the desires of things... (abbreviated) These are called the desires of pollution. "Dyeing", there are seven kinds of dyeing: greedy dyeing, hatred dyeing, foolish dyeing, slow dyeing It is dyed by seeing, seeing, polluting, and evil. "In the world": In the world of suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of worlds, the world of being. "The dyed writer who is difficult to pass in the world", all desires and dyes: the hard to pass, the difficult to transcend, the difficult to escape, the difficult to pass, the difficult to transcend, the difficult to pass, he passes, transcends, passes, Overcoming, overcoming." For those who have overwhelmed desire here and are difficult to overcome in the world.
"He is not sad or worried": ""He does not grieve things that have changed, or things that are changing: "My eyes have changed." He is not sad; "My ears... (omitted) mine Nose...my tongue...my body...my color...my voice...my smell...my taste...my touch...my home...my group (congregation) ...My residence...my gains...my reputation...my praise...my pleasure...my clothes...my food...my residence...my patients' needs and medicine Necessities...my mother...my father...my brother...my sister...my son...my daughter...my friend...my colleague...my relatives...my Those with blood have changed." He is not sad, tired, crying, pounding his chest, crying, and not coming into confusion. "Don't worry about him. "Don't worry", "Don't worry, don't worry, don't think, don't meditate, don't think deeply. Or, not to be born, not to age, not to die, not to die, not to regenerate. "I don't care. "Because he is not worried or worried.
"Those who have cut off the flow and have no bondage": "Liu is called thirst, that is greed, greed... (slightly) the roots of greed, greed, and unwholesomeness. For him to flow, craving is cut off , Cut off... (slightly) the person who is burned by the fire of wisdom is called the one who has cut off the stream. "Unbound person", the bondage of greed, the bondage of hatred, the bondage of ignorance, the bondage of slowness, see The bondage, the bondage of pollution, the bondage of evil deeds. For him, these bonds are cut off or cut off... (omitted) those who are burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the unbound person." Streamers, unbound ones.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    'Where isThere is transcending desire and dyeing: those who are difficult to transcend in the world,
       He is not worried or worried: those who have cut off the flow, those who have no knots. "
    184. Anything before, please let it wither, please don't have anything afterwards,
       If you can't hold it in the middle, you will live a silent life.
"Anything before, please make it wither": "As for the pollution that can cause pollution in the past, please make it dry, please make it dry, please make it dry, please make it dry up, please If you don't be a seed, please let it go, please drive away, please end it, please make it go to non-existence." In this way, what was before, please let it wither. Or, "Any past kamma creations that have not matured and repaid, please let them wither, ask you to wither, ask you to wither, ask you to expand and wither, and ask you not to be seeds, please give up Please break, please drive away, please make the end, please make it go to non-existence." This is also what before, please make it wither.
"Please don't have anything afterwards": "The ones afterwards are called the future. Any greed, any aversion, any delusion, any slowness, any perception, any pollution, any evil deeds, any of these actions can arise in the future. For you, don't have, don't make, don't produce, don't produce, don't cause it to arise, don't cause it to arise, please give up, please drive away, please make the end, please make it go to non-existence." For any later please don't have.
"If you can't hold the one in the middle": "The one in the middle is called the present form, feeling, thought, action, and consciousness. Regarding the present actions, you will not hold or grasp because of craving, seeing, Hold [, thirst for love], take on, hold on, [happy,] great joy, welcome, hold on, hold on, take hold, hold on you will give up, drive away, end, and bring it to the end Doesn't exist." Because if you are in the middle, you won't hold it.
"You will live a silent life": "The silent state of greed, the state of calm, the state of silence, the state of silence, the state of silence, the state of silence... (omitted) The silent state, the calmed state, the silent state, the extinguished state, the extinguished state [, no burning state], the cooled state, the gone state, the stopped state as silent, silent, silent Destroyed, cooled, stopped, you live, live, act, turn up, guard, survive, and survive." For you, you will live a silent life.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anything before, please make it wither, please don't have anything afterwards,
       If you can't hold it in the middle, you will live a silent life. "
    185. In all names and colors, he is not regarded as his own,
       and there is no sadness, he does not lose in the world.
"In all names and forms, it is not regarded as his own for him": "Everything", "all completely, completely in every aspect, without surplus, the whole earth, this is the language of ubiquity." "all". "Name", the four colorless aggregates. "Lose", the four big and the four big colors. "Everything is for him", for the Arahat; for the one who has exhausted his troubles. "Being regarded as one's own", there are two kinds of self-holding: [because] the self-holding of the thirsty and [because] the self-holding of the see... ) This is the ego of seeing. "In all names and forms, they are not regarded as one's own for him": In all names and forms, wherever I hold to him, they do not, do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, and have been abandoned. Discontinued, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "Because of all the names and colors, he was not regarded as his own.
"Don't worry about things that don't exist": "He doesn't grieve what has changed, or what is changing: "My eyes have changed." He is not sad; my ears...my nose...me My tongue...my body...my color...my voice...my smell...my taste...my touch...my home...my group (congregation)...my Residence...My gains... (omitted) "My blood has changed." He is not sad, tired, not weeping, not beating his chest and crying, not coming to confusion." This is and there is no sorrow and no existence. of.
     Or, "to be touched, tortured, combined with unreal suffering, to have him not sorrow, not tired, not weeping, not beating his chest, crying, and not coming to confusion." This is also not an existence without worry. Or, "to be touched, tortured by eye diseases... (omitted) to be contacted, tortured, combined with flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and snakes, possessing him not to be sad, not tired, not weeping, not beating his chest, crying, not coming To the confusion." This is also not worrying and does not exist. or,"In the non-existent, unseen, undiscovered [thinking]: "Ah! My one is indeed gone. If there is my one, I really don't get that. He is not sad, tired, weeping, pounding his chest, crying, and not coming into confusion. "This way, there is no worries.
"He does not lose in the world": Anything that seems to him, feelings, thoughts, deeds, consciousness, "this is mine, or this is others It's a loss for him.
     This is also said: [Jat.5.1,1-3]
     "When the carriage, gems, and earrings are lost, when the son and wife are lost there,
       When all wealth is not used, why are you not sad when you are sad?
       just before all the belongings abandon those who inevitably die, and later those who inevitably abandon those who die,
      The property of the desirer is very constant, so I don't worry when I am sad.
       The moon increases, fills, and disappears, and the sun moves into extinction (Thailand version),
       The enemy's worldly law has been known to me, so I don't worry when I am sad. "
Anything that seems to him, feeling, thinking, behavior, consciousness, "this is mine, or this is someone else's." To be grasped, grasped He is not lost to those who are attached to, taken, and trusted. This is also said [SN.2.18]: "Samoan! Are you happy?" "Friend! What did you get?" "In that case, Sandamon! Are you sad?" "Friend! What did you lose?" "In that case? , Shaman! Are you neither happy nor sad?" "Yes, friend!"
     "After a long time, finally, I saw the Brahman of ParNibbana,
       Bhikkhus who have no joys and no worries, put off their dedication to the world. "
     Because he does not lose in the world.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "In all names and colors, he is not regarded as his own,
       and there is no sadness, he does not lose in the world. "
    186. Anyone who does not have "this is mine" or even other people,
       He didn't find the one I was holding, and he didn't sad "there is no mine."
"Anyone who does not have "this is mine" or even other people's to him": ""Whatever is to him" is to the Arahat; to the one who has exhausted his troubles. What is to him Anything like physicality, feeling, thinking, behavior, consciousness, etc. "This is mine, or this is someone else's." Being held, grasped, attached, being held Taken and believed, they don't, don't exist, are not known, they are not discovered, they have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." There is no such thing as "this is mine" or even someone else's.
This was said by the Blessed One [SN.12.37]: "Bhikkhus! This body is not yours, nor other people's, bhikkhus! This is old kamma, which should be seen as created, created by thought, and can be felt. There, bhikkhus! There are the holy disciples who have heard of the reason-based origination: "Like this, when this exists, there is that; when this arises, that arises; when this does not exist, there is no That; when this is extinguished, the other is extinguished, that is: ignorance is the precondition for action; action is the precondition for knowledge; ... (omitted) This is the collection of the entire suffering. But it fades away with the ignorance. It's an extinction with an extinction; it is an extinction with an extinction; this is the extinction of the whole suffering aggregate."" This is also where there is no "this is mine" for him, or even what is other's. By.
     This was said by the World Zun: [Sn.5.15-Ni.32]
     "Please observe that the world is empty, Mo Eryi! Always mindful,
       After seeing me, I can become a dead person in this way,
       Those who observe the world like this cannot be seen by the King of Death. "
     This is also for those who do not have "this is mine" or even other people.
     This is also said by the World Zun: [SN.22.33]
"Bhikkhus! Whatever is not you, you must give up! If you give up it, it will be of long-term benefit and happiness for you. And, bhikkhus! What is not yours? Bhikkhus! What is not yours, you Let it go! Let it go, it will have long-term benefits and happiness for you; accept...think...do it... if you don't know you, let it go! Let it go, it will have a long time for you Benefits and well-being.
     Bhikkhus! What do you think in this forest, peopleWill take away grass, fuelwood, branches, leaves, or burn it, or do what he wants, you will think like this: "People take us, or burn it, or do what he wants. "? "No, Great Virtue! What's the reason for that? Great Virtue! Because this is not me, nor what I belong to." "Similarly, Bhikkhus! Whatever is not yours, you must give up! Give it away, you must There will be long-lasting benefits and happiness for you. And, bhikkhus! What is not yours? Bhikkhus! What is not yours, you must give up! If you give up it, there will be long-lasting benefits and happiness for you; Feeling...thinking...doing...whatever you know is not yours, you have to give up! If you give up it, it will be of long-term benefit and happiness for you." This is also where there is no "this is mine" for him. , Or even what is someone else's. This is also said:
     "The emergence of pure law, the continuation of pure action,
       For those who see it truthfully, the village chief! He became a fearless one.
       The plants and trees in the world are equal: when you look at it with wisdom, [Thag.716-717 half 偈]
       should not pray for anything else: except no rebirth. "
     This is also for those who do not have "this is mine" or even other people. King Kong Bhikshuni said this to Moboxun: [SN.5.10]
     "Why do you imagine "all beings"? Demon! Is that your evil view?
       This is a simple accumulation of various lines, and no sentient beings have been discovered here.
       is like the gathering of parts, like this, there is the language of the car,
      Similarly, when there are aggregates, there is the identification of "all beings".
       only the creation of suffering, the existence and disappearance of suffering,
       There is nothing but the generation of suffering, and nothing but the destruction of suffering. "
     This is also for those who do not have "this is mine" or even other people. This was also said by the World Zun: [SN.35.246]
"Similarly, Bhikkhus! Bhikkhus search for physicality until all the interesting places of physicality are within reach; receive...think...do...search for consciousness until all the interesting places of consciousness are reached, when he searches for physicality, until all Feeling...thinking...doing...exploring knowledge until all the interesting places of consciousness are in time, wherever the "I", or "mine" or "I am", right For him, it doesn't exist anymore." This is also anyone who does not have "this is mine" or even other people for him.
Venerable Ananda said to the World-Honored One: "Being called: "The world is emptiness, the world is emptiness", great virtue! What situation is called "the world is emptiness"?" "Ananda! Because I or what I am is empty, Therefore it is called "the world is emptiness." Ananda! What is empty with me or what I am? Ananda! Eyes are empty with me or what I am, colors [with me or what I have] are empty, and eyes know [with me or What I am] is emptiness, and eye contact [in me or what I am] is emptiness, that is, [anything] that arises from eye contact is either happy, or suffering, or unpleasant or unpleasant [in me or me] It's emptiness. The ear is empty... the sound is empty... the nose is empty... the smell is empty... the tongue is empty... the taste is empty... the body is empty... the touch is empty... the mind is empty... the law It is emptiness... Consciousness is emptiness... Consciousness is emptiness, that is, [everything] that arises from mental touch, whether it is happiness, or suffering, or not suffering or unpleasant, also regards me or my being as empty. Ananda! Because I or what I am is emptiness, so it is called "the world is emptiness." This is also the person who does not have "this is mine" or even other people for him.
"He didn't discover what I was holding on": ""I am holding on", there are two kinds of holding on to me: [because] thirsty self holding and [because] seeing me holding... (omitted) this is The thirsty self-holding...(slightly omitted) This is the self-holding of seeing. If you renounce the self-holding of the thirsty self-holding; after the self-holding of the thirsty seeing, he is the one who has not discovered or found out the self-holding Those who did not arrive, those who did not receive." Because he did not find the one who is holding on to me.
"He doesn't grieve "there is no mine"": "He doesn't grieve things that have changed, or things that are changing: "My eyes have changed." He is not sad; my ears... (omitted)... …"My blood has changed." He is not sad, tired, weeping, pounding his chest, crying, or coming to confusion." He is not sad for him, "there is no mine."
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anyone who does not have "this is mine" for him, or even other people,
       He didn't find the one I was holding, and he didn't sad "there is no mine." "
    187. Those who are not jealous, those who do not follow greed, those who do not disturb, are equivalent to everything,
       I talk about the benefit, when asked about the unshakable.
     "Non-jealous, non-greedy, undisturbed, and equivalent everywhere": "What is jealous? Here, a certainHumanoids are jealous people, who treat others' gain, respect, respect, respect, respect, admiration and admiration [, indignation, MN.135], with jealousy, all jealous, jealous behaviors, jealous, jealous paths like this , Jealous state, jealousy, jealous path, jealous state, this is called jealous. For him, this jealousy has been cut off, cut off... (omitted) by the fire of wisdom, he is called "the person who ignores jealousy." "There is no greed", greed is called craving, which is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, this greed is cut off or cut off... (omitted) by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who does not want to follow, he is not greedy in appearance; in terms of sound... (omitted) The dhammas that are seen, heard, perceived, and knowable are not craving, not tied, not infatuated, innocent, not greedy, not greedy, and abandoned. The greed has been eliminated, the greed has been freed, the greed has been renounced, the greed has been renounced, the greed has been renounced, the greed has been absent, the greed has been abandoned, the greed has been eliminated, the greed has been freed, the greed has been renounced Those who are greedy, those who have ceased to be greedy, those who are not hungry, those who have extinguished, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who live as Brahmans. "It's the one who doesn't look at it and doesn't have greed.
"Undisturbed, equated everywhere": "Disturbance is called craving, it is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, this craving has been cut off, Being cut off... (slightly) The person who is burned by the fire of wisdom is called "undisturbed." "The disturbed state of discontinued is regarded as undisturbed, and he does not shake when he gets it; he does not shake when he does not get it. Shake; he does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake when there is no reputation (bad reviews); he does not shake when praised; he does not shake when he rebukes; he does not shake when he is happy; When suffering, he does not shake, move, tremble, tremble, or tremble very little." It is not disturbed. "Equivalent to all places", everything is called the twelve places: eyes and colors... (slightly omitted ) Mind and Dhamma. Because the desire and greed within and outside of oneself have been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes non-existent and is not a thing for the future. This situation is everything All are abandoned, vomited, released, cut off, cut off. Because of the thirst for love and seeing, and the slow cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it has become non-existent, something that is not born for the future, he He is called equal everywhere. He is like that, neutral, and calm everywhere." It is undisturbed and equal everywhere.
"I talk about the benefits, when asked about the unshakable person": "When being questioned; asked; asked; requested; when the person who makes it clear and unshakable, I talk about the four benefits: he is not Disturbing, equivalent to everything, I tell, I explain... (omitted), I explain." Tell me about the benefits, when asked about the unshakable.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anything that is not jealous, does not follow greed, does not disturb, is equivalent to everything
       I talk about the benefit, when asked about the unshakable. "
    188. The one who does not disturb, the one who knows, he does nothing,
       has been free from hard work, he can see stability everywhere.
"The one who doesn't disturb, the one who knows": "Disturbance is called craving, it is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him, this craving has been cut off, cut off ...... (Omitted) The person who is burned by the fire of wisdom is called the "undisturbed." With the disturbed state of discontinued as the undisturbed, "he does not shake when he gets it; he does not shake when he does not get it; He does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake when there is no reputation (bad reviews); he does not shake when praised; he does not shake when rebuking; he does not shake when he is happy; At that time, he does not shake, move, tremble, tremble, or tremble greatly." He is the one who does not disturb. "The one who knows," he knows, knows, knows, knows, knows, and penetrates." All actions are impermanent": he knows, knows, knows, knows, knows, and permeates. "All actions are suffering"... (abbreviated) "Any collection of Dhamma is an end to Dhamma" He knows, Knowing the writing, knowing the writing, knowing the writing, perforating." For the undisturbed, the knowledgeable.
"There is nothing to do": "The deeds are called blessings, non-blessings, and immovable actions. Because the blessings, non-blessings, and immovable actions are cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-moving actions. Yes, for things that will not be born in the future, this situation as non-existent, unaware, undiscovered, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." As.
     "I have escaped from hard work":"Efforts are called blessings, non-blessings, and immovable actions. Because the blessings, non-blessings, and immovable actions are cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes non-being and does not grow for the future The thing, this situation should have been separated from effort, quit, quit, detached, detached, detached, detached from bondage, he lives with the heart of being detached from being restricted." Take off.
"He sees stability everywhere": "Greed is the author of fear, anger is the author of fear, ignorance is the author of fear... (Omitted) Pollution is the author of fear. The author of greed and fear has been abandoned. …… (omitted) The author of the fear of pollution has been cut off. He sees stability everywhere, no fear everywhere, no disaster everywhere, no danger everywhere, No disaster is seen everywhere, and no oppression is seen everywhere." For him, he saw stability everywhere.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The one who does not disturb, the one who knows, he does nothing,
       has been free from hard work, he can see stability everywhere. "
    189. Among the same, among the inferior, and among the excellent, Muni would not say,
       He is a silent person, a person who is already free and stingy, he does not take or refuse. [Like this Lord (say)]
"Among the same, among the inferior, and among the excellent, Muni can't speak": ""Muni", Muna is called wisdom... (omitted) He is Muni after being dyed with the net. "Is the winner", or "I am the same", or "I am the inferior" He does not say, does not talk, does not talk, does not explain, does not say." It means being in the same, inferior, in excellent Even Muni would not say.
"He is the silent one, the one who has been free and miserly": ""Silence", "the silent state of greed, the calmed state is stillness, anger... (slightly) ignorance... all unwholesome contrived states have been silent and calmed down , The calmed state, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed state, the halted state is silent, still, dying, cooling, cessation." is stillness. "He is gone. There are five kinds of stinginess: [to] the stinginess of residence... (slightly), this is called stinginess. For him, this stinginess has been cut off and cut off... (Observed) Those who have been burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the person who has quit, has stopped, has given up on stinginess, has vomited out, has been released, has given up on stinginess, and has ceased to be stingy. "Because he is a silent person, a person who is already free and stingy.
"He does not take, does not refuse. [Like this Blessed One (say)]": "He does not take", he does not take, does not cling, does not hold, does not take, does not cling, receives... Think...do...knowledge...interests...rebirth...being born...have (existence)...reincarnation...revolution he does not take, grasp, hold, take, or cling. "He didn't take it for him. "Do not refuse", Sehe will not give up, do not drive away, do not end, do not make it go to non-existence, feel...think...do...know...interests...death...become...y (Existence)...Samsara...Samsara does not break, drive away, end, or make it non-existent. "World Zun", "Respect synonymous... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, namely World Zun."
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Among the same, among the inferior, and among the excellent, Muni would not say,
       He is a silent person, a person who is already free and stingy, he does not take or refuse. [Like this Blessed One (say)]"
     The fifteenth [Completed] of the explanation of the stickman's sutra.


Summary:
  1. The horror that the stick-takers (three mouths, four minds) live for themselves: punishment and hell.
2. I want to find a place to live (asylum), but I don't see the unoccupied ones: young/no disease/birth/get/name/name/happy old/sick/lost/no name/responsibility/suffering (all hostile at the end) Possession.
  3. Those who are not happy (= the heart is greedy/snap/fat/slow/see/worry/suspicious) run around (reincarnation).
4. People who are intent on Nibbana should not be keen on studying the world / live with extreme slowness / live with ease / be taken away by false words / create love / joy in the past / like new / sadness disappearing / rely on hooks It should be true/not arrogant (slow omniscience)/not deceiving/rejecting divorce/not angry/abstaining willfulness, conquering sleep/laziness/slumping.
  5. Please make it wither before, and please don't have it afterwards. If you can't hold the one in the middle, you will live a silent life.
  6. Life is only the generation/existence/disappearance of suffering, nothing else.
  12/15/2020 15:46
