- Private sect
- Chula Niddasa
- Type of recitation

#Ajitha Manawaka Puchcha Sutta

Namo Tassa Bhagavatho Arahatho Sammasambuddhassa

[Msdiv 1] (# msdiv1) {# msdiv1 .ref .msdiv} "Out of witchcraft
Kosol, who had just arrived, was looking forward to the Akinchanayatana meditation.
Went south of the city.

[Msdiv 2] (# msdiv2) {# msdiv2 .ref .msdiv} "He is in Assaka, Alaka, between the two countries
Godavari lived on the banks of the river begging and plucking fruits.

[Msdiv 3] (# msdiv3) {# msdiv3 .ref .msdiv} "The village became great with that place.
From the proceeds he gave a large alms.

[Msdiv 4] (# msdiv4) {# msdiv4 .ref .msdiv} "Return to the monastery with a large alms
Came. Upon entering, another Brahmin came.

[Msdiv 5] (# msdiv5) {# msdiv5 .ref .msdiv "Frightened dirt on afflicted feet
The dirty-headed man came up to him and asked for five hundred.

[Msdiv 6] (# msdiv6) {# msdiv6 .ref .msdiv} "He looked up and asked.
The well-wisher said.

[Msdiv 7] (# msdiv7) {# msdiv7 .ref .msdiv} "Brahmin, some of my work
Whatever happens, when I spent it all. Knowing that I do not have five hundred
Take.

[Msdiv 8] (# msdiv8) {# msdiv8 .ref .msdiv} "I'm begging from the garden
If not, on the seventh day your head will be broken into seven pieces.

[Msdiv 9] (# msdiv9) {# msdiv9 .ref .msdiv} "He collected flower arrangements etc.
He said dangerous words, implying falsehoods. Bavaritheme was saddened to hear his word.

[Msdiv 10] (# msdiv10) {# msdiv10 .ref .msdiv} "
Fast and dry. The mind of one who has such a mind is happy with meditation
Takes.

[Msdiv 11] (# msdiv11) {# msdiv11 .ref .msdiv} "terribly sad to see him
Twice the good-natured came to Bavaria and said these words.

[Msdiv 12] (# msdiv12) {# msdiv12 .ref .msdiv} "False objects
The top of the will is unknown. He has no wisdom in the top or the top.

[Msdiv 13] (# msdiv13) {# msdiv13 .ref .msdiv} "So do you know, trial
Read to me Ladies and Gentlemen

[Msdiv 14] (# msdiv14) {# msdiv14 .ref .msdiv} "I do not know this. Here I am
There is no wisdom. The Buddhas know both the top and the fall of the top.

[Msdiv 15] (# msdiv15) {# msdiv15 .ref .msdiv} "mWho is on top of the earth now
Do you know what it means to be on top?

[Msdiv 16] (# msdiv16) {# msdiv16 .ref .msdiv} "Sakya of the Okkaka Dynasty
The crocodile, the leader of the world that gives birth to light, came out of the city.

[Msdiv 17] (# msdiv17) {# msdiv17 .ref .msdiv} "All religions go beyond
He is a Brahmin Buddha with all the great powers of knowledge. In all Dhammas
There is knowledge. All the Dhammas went to perish by the perishing of sins
Freed from corruption,

[Msdiv 18] (# msdiv18) {# msdiv18 .ref .msdiv} "The Blessed Supreme Buddha
The wise preach the Dhamma to the world. You come to Him and judge,
He announces it to the crowd.

[Msdiv 19] (# msdiv19) අසා # msdiv19 .ref .msdiv} "heard the word sambuddha
Bavaritheme was pleased. The grief was thin. There was also great joy.

[Msdiv 20] (# msdiv20) {# msdiv20 .ref .msdiv} "happy happy a
The joy that arose in Bavarithema is that he asked the two of them: "Somewhere
The Blessed Ones who came and worshiped the two-legged ones were adored. In the village
Or it was done in the norm. It was done again in the state.

[Msdiv 21] (# msdiv21) {# msdiv21 .ref .msdiv} "Great with great wisdom
The wise man who knows the spells of the work that has gone astray, the unattached, the man who knows how to break free
At the palace of King Kosol in Savath, Savath, the son of the great Sakya
Is at work. "

[Msdiv 22] (# msdiv22) {# msdiv22 .ref .msdiv} Then magical teeth
The Brahmin himself addressed the students, "Students, I say, read my words."
Done.

[Msdiv 23] (# msdiv23) {# msdiv23 .ref .msdiv} "Someone in the world's rare frequent
He was born in the world today. He became known as Sambuddha.
Go to Savath and see the greatest of those who have legs. "

[Msdiv 24] (# msdiv24) {# msdiv24 .ref .msdiv "How do we know the Brahmin, the Buddha?
Let us tell those of us who do not know about Him. "

[Msdiv 25] (# msdiv25) {# msdiv25 .ref .msdiv "The Great Men of Medical Mantras
Symptoms are Avahu. Nearly two hundred were declared, respectively.

[Msdiv 26] (# msdiv26) {# msdiv26 .ref .msdiv මේ This is one of the organs of someone
Although he has great masculine features, he does not have two or three qualities.

[Msdiv 27] (# msdiv27) {# msdiv27 .ref.msdiv "So this earth is conquered and laid bare
According to Sakvithi Raja Dhamma, if it is closed, it will not be punished and weapons will not be used
Admonishes.

[Msdiv 28] (# msdiv28) {# msdiv28 .ref .msdiv} Since he is a layman
Anagariya is a clergyman who has no shadow of defilement in the Sasana
Is enlightened.

[Msdiv 29] (# msdiv29) {# msdiv29 .ref .msdiv} "race, tribe and markers
Contemplate this notion as you interact with others.

[Msdiv 30] (# msdiv30) {# msdiv30 .ref .msdiv} "
If you are a Buddha, you will solve the problem with words. "

[Msdiv 31] (# msdiv31) {# msdiv31 .ref .msdiv අසා
There are sixteen Brahmins namely Ajitha, Tissa, Metteyaya, Punnakaya,
Meth.

[Msdiv 32] (# msdiv32) {# msdiv32 .ref .msdiv} Dothakaya, Upasivaya, Nanda, Hemakaya
These, too, are the two wise men of Todeyyaya and Kappa.

[Msdiv 33] (# msdiv33) {# msdiv33 .ref .msdiv} Bhadrawudaya Udaya, Posala
Brahman is the wise Mogharaja, Pingiya, the great sage.

[Msdiv 34] (# msdiv34) {# msdiv34 .ref .msdiv සියලු All other groups
World-famous fortune-tellers with meditations, stuck in meditation
Scholars,

[Msdiv 35] (# msdiv35) {# msdiv35 .ref .msdiv} Bavari bowed and rode him
All went north, carrying their Jata divisam.

[Msdiv 36] (# msdiv36) {# msdiv36 .ref .msdiv} Formerly known as Bahissati Alaka
Where is the city, Udeni, Godha, Vedisa forest,

[Msdiv 37] (# msdiv37) {# msdiv37 .ref .msdiv} The city of Kosamba and the great city of Savath
Sethavaya city, Crocodile city, Kusinara mansion,

[Msdiv 38] (# msdiv38) {# msdiv38 .ref .msdiv} Pava City, Crop City, Vesali
Kandy, Magadha city and the beautiful Pasanaka Chaitya (paid)

[Msdiv 39] (# msdiv39) {# msdiv39 .ref .msdiv} Cool water in the market
Silk, who thinks he is making a lot of money, was immediately overwhelmed by the heat, like a shadow
Climbed the rock.

[Msdiv 40] (# msdiv40) {# msdiv40 .ref .msdiv ‍ Blessed at that time
The Bhikkhu Sangha preceded the Bhikkhus like a roaring lion in the forest
Looking at the Dhamma.

[Msdiv 41] (# msdiv41) # msdiv41 .ref .msdiv} "Ajith has gathered a hundred
Fifteen days like the sun, full like the moonBecame
The Supreme Buddha saw.

[Msdiv 42] (# msdiv42) {# msdiv42 .ref .msdiv} then in his body
Seeing the completed features, he stood aside and asked questions in his mind.

[Msdiv 43] (# msdiv43) # msdiv43 .ref .msdiv} "Say Genesis first
Tell the tribe with examples. Say the end of the spells. How many?
Does Brahmin teach?

[Msdiv 44] (# msdiv44) {# msdiv44 .ref .msdiv} "Life is one hundred and twenty years.
Of his tribe Bavaria. Of the triads with three features on his body
Went abroad.

[Msdiv 45] (# msdiv45) {# msdiv45 .ref .msdiv} "In Features
Five hundred in history, lexicography, and rhetoric.
Discipline. Went beyond the Dharma.

[Msdiv 46] (# msdiv46) {# msdiv46 .ref .msdiv} "Lord, the lusts are quenched
Lord Buddha, tell us the description of Bavari's features, then to us
No doubt about it. "

[Msdiv 47] (# msdiv47) {# msdiv47 .ref .msdiv} "Face and tongue feature
In between is the hair relic and the secret organ inside the cell.

[Msdiv 48] (# msdiv48) {# msdiv48 .ref .msdiv} "No questions asked
All the people who have not heard the trial think with joy.

[Msdiv 49] (# msdiv49) {# msdiv49 .ref .msdiv} "Who is God?
These are the questions asked by a Brahmin, Indra and Sujampathi.
Will do.

[Msdiv 50] (# msdiv50) {# msdiv50 .ref .msdiv} "Top or Fall on top
Criticism of Bavaritheme. Blessed Ones, declare it. The sage
Let go of our doubts. "

[Msdiv 51] (# msdiv51) {# msdiv51 .ref .msdiv} "According to ignorance,
At the top is the science of Shraddha, Sathi, Samadhi and Chandaviriya
It's called the Fall. "

[Msdiv 52] (# msdiv52) {# msdiv52 .ref .msdiv ින් Very happy with the aftermath
Delighted, the antelope folded its legs and fell head over heels.

[Msdiv 53] (# msdiv53) # msdiv53 .ref .msdiv} "Nidukane, Bawari
The Brahmins themselves have more and more happy minds with their students
Your feet are bowed. "

[Msdiv 54] (# msdiv54) {# msdiv54 .ref .msdiv} "Bavari with students
May Brahman himself be healed. May you too be healed, may you live long,

[Msdiv 55] (# msdiv55) # msdiv55 .ref.msdiv} "Bavarie's or yours
All suspicion of all. Criticized as spaced out. Something the mind likes and that is
Come on. "

[Msdiv 56] (# msdiv56) {# msdiv56 .ref .msdiv ඇති Spaces created by the Buddha
Ajith tied the knot where the first question from the realists was
He asked.

Estate Nittitha.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Penny Jordan] editor. Editor.
