- Private sect
- Chula Niddasa
- Type of recitation

# 3. Parayanaththuthigatha

The Blessed One said, “I live in the rock dagoba of Magadha.
Sixteen Brahmins were invited to ask questions
Solved. Knowing the meaning of one question, knowing the Dhamma and following the Dharmanudharma
If race, filth, go to the end of death. These Dhammas (person) are sent abroad
Hence another name for this Dhamma system is "Parayana".

[Msdiv 149] (# msdiv149) {# msdiv149 .ref .msdiv} Ajith, Tissa Metteyaya,
Punnakaya as well as Mettaguya, Dhothakaya, Upasivaya, Nanda, also Hemakaya,

[Msdiv 150] (# msdiv150) {# msdiv150 .ref .msdiv}
Wise Jatukanniya, Bhadravudha, Udaya, Posala Brahmana, Wisdom
Mogharaja was the great sage Pingiya

[Msdiv 151] (# msdiv151) {# msdiv151 .ref .msdiv
Questions asked to the great Buddhas who contain the Dhammas
Came to inquire.

[Msdiv 152] (# msdiv152) {# msdiv152 .ref .msdiv ඒ Similar issues
The Buddha also answered them when they were interrogated. In solving the worst problems
He made the Brahmins happy.

[Msdiv 153] (# msdiv153) {# msdiv153 .ref .msdiv} Happy they are
Bambasara turned to the sun-bound great wise Buddhas.

[Msdiv 154] (# msdiv154) {# msdiv154 .ref .msdiv විසින් by the Buddha
Does anyone follow even a single question preached, he or she goes beyond
Is going.

[Msdiv 155] (# msdiv155) {# msdiv155 .ref .msdiv} "The Great Way Growing
Going from here to there is called recitation as that path is useful for long distance travel.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Penny Jordan] editor. Editor.
