- Private sect
- Chula Niddasa
- Parayanavagganiddeso

# 9. Formula Recommendation of a Dhotaka Human

[Msdiv 30] (# msdiv30) # msdiv30 .ref .msdiv} (5-1)

[APZ 30.1] (# apz30.1) # apz30.1 .ref .apz} "Blessed Ones.
Preach, "Inquiries" means three inquiries. (In the Great Niddasa
(14-1) Paragraphs 2--3-4-5-6 should be applied.) Please preach this.
Please. Please declare, open and distribute. Thus
Ayushmat Dhotakathema said (Ichchathi) This is the vowel joint.
Ayushmat is the word of love, the word of honor, the word of honor. Long live
"Dhotaka" means the name, imposition, nama karma, aspiration of that Brahmin.

[APZ 30.2] (# apz30.2) # apz30.2 .ref .apz} "Your Majesty, Yours
I look forward to the words "I look forward to your word sermon.
I like, that is. "Maharshi" means Blessed One (14-1) 10
should be.)

[APZ 30.3] (# apz30.3) # apz30.3 .ref .apz} "Hear your word and be at peace
Discipline is listening to and preaching your word sermon
Discipline in their nirvana. Is three disciplines. Adhisila Shiksha Adhichitta
Discipline is the supreme discipline. (1-7) 2 From the point of view of 'Where is the supreme discipline?'
Should be used.) This is the supernatural discipline. Their Nirvana is their lust
To extinguish hatred, to extinguish delusion, to extinguish anger, to extinguish hatred
(Mahaniddesaya 14--5 (2) 'Santhavuvahuta' means 'to extinguish' and Raga
Should be used in place 1787) to appease all inauspicious collections
Discipline also in highness to avoid. Discipline is also in the mind.
Discipline in the super-wisdom, reflecting on these three disciplines,
Seeing is disciplining, foresight is disciplining, mind is keeping
Discipline, faith is freed, discipline is exalted
Discipline, mindfulness establishes discipline, mind establishes discipline,
Wisdom is the prime thing.
What should be known in particular is what is known as discipline, what should be avoided
The one who expels is the one who disciplines, the one who reaps what should be rehearsed
Discipline means growing more discipline.

[Msdiv 31] (# msdiv31) # msdiv31 .ref .msdiv} (5-2)

[APZ 31.1] (# apz31.1) {# apz31.1 .ref .apz} "Tried and told"
It means to strive, to exert, to create, to be born. "Dhotaka" means
The Blessed One addresses the Brahmin by the name, "Blessed"
Is this word of honor and proven imposition.

[APZ 31.2] (# apz31.2) # apz31.2 .ref .apz} "The wisdom here is in the mind"
Is here in this view, in this will, in this taste, in this take, in this
In the Dhamma, in this discipline, in this Dhamma discipline, in this foot word, this
In celibacy, in this Shastra Sasana, in this selfhood, in this man
In the world, "Wisdom means having wisdom, having wisdom"
Mindfulness means remembering four things. Consciousness that looks at the body according to the body
Grows (1-8) 4 (ii) should be used.) He says he is conscious.

[APZ 31.3] (# apz31.3) # apz31.3 .ref .apz} "Listen and be disciplined"
My word here is sermon, adaptation, listening and considering. Discipline
There are three disciplines. Super disciplines, superconscious disciplines, superconscious disciplines
That is. (1-7-2) and paragraph 3 should be applied from the point of view of hyperactivity.)
Discipline.

[APZ 31.4] (# apz31.4) {# apz31.4 .ref .apz} "Their Nirvana is" their
In order to quench the lust (Exodus 14--5 (2) 'to the saints' means to 'quench'
It should be changed and used instead of lust. 1787)

[Msdiv 32] (# msdiv32) # msdiv32 .ref .msdiv} (5-3)

[APZ 32.1] (# apz32.1) # apz32.1 .ref .apz} "I am God in the human world"
If God is to be seen, then God is of three parts, namely, the God of compromise and Genesis
God is the God of holiness. Who are the gods of compromise? Kings, princes, gods
Hours. Even though they are the gods of compromise.

[APZ 32.2] (# apz32.2) {# apz32.2 .ref .apz} "Who is the God of Genesis?
Chathurmaharaji Devi, Thavatinsa Devi, Yama Devi, Thusitha Devi, Creations
Rathi Devi, the re-created Vasavarthi Devi and the Brahma Kaika Devi who ascended to it
That is. These are the gods of Genesis.

[APZ 32.3] (# apz32.3) # apz32.3 .ref .apz} "Who is the God of Holiness?
The disciples are the deserving disciples, the Buddhas of the soil. He is the God of Holiness.
However, the Blessed One is not a God of compromise. BirthNeither is God.
Nor is he a holy god. God bless you. Lions to lions. To snakes
Nagaseka, the group owners have a group. Munin to Munin. He reigns over kings.

[APZ 32.4] (# apz32.4) # apz32.4 .ref .apz} "I am God in the human world
I see "means I see those who are exalted to God, I see God to God
Divine man poses as a Brahmin who is free from all impurities in the world
The unpolluted or defiled means to hold is ragakinchana, hatred
Kinchana, Moha Kinchana, Mana Kinchana, Drishti Kinchana, Klesha Kinchana,
This defilement of the immoral Kinchana is the futility of the Blessed Buddha. First
In front. The ends were made like a dried whale. Extinct. Unborn again
Were made into. Hence the name Buddha.

[APZ 32.5] (# apz32.5) # apz32.5 .ref .apz} "Brahmin" means Blessed
He is called Brahmana because he rejected the seven Dhammas. Sathkaya view is excluded
Is done. Wichita is excluded. The paradigm of virtue
Is discarded. Lust, hatred, delusion, ego, are excluded.
The lustful rewards of defilement and re-creation
Those who had banished the childish evil doctrines that give rise to racial degeneration again
The Blessed One is pure. Buried. He is wise. Management Samsara
He was beyond.

[APZ 32.6] (# apz32.6) # apz32.6 .ref .apz යනු "posture holder"
Behaving, living, controlling, dependent. Posture
There is no defilement that exists. I worship the Brahmin in every respect.

[APZ 32.7] (# apz32.7) # apz32.7 .ref .apz} "Equilibrium" means omniscience
Says. The Blessed One was born of omniscience and came to say goodbye
Is born. There is nothing invisible to Him. Unknown
No sense in telling you now - I don't wanna ruin the suprise. The right-wing realists are therefore Samantha
If the eyes.

[APZ 32.8] (# apz32.8) # apz32.8 .ref .apz} "
Worship the Lord, Lord, remove my doubt.
Is the Blessed One. Sakya is a monk of the Sakya caste,
Those who have great wealth that is reborn or inherited. The name 'Sakya'. These riches belong to Him
Is. Who are they? Shraddha wealth, virtuous wealth, hiWealth of wealth, wealth of otthappa, wealth
Wealth, Gift Wealth Wisdom Wealth, Satipatthana Wealth, Samyak Main Wealth, Riddhipada
Wealth, Sense Wealth, Power Wealth, Bojkdhanga Wealth, Road Wealth, Fruit Wealth, Nirvana
Wealth, thus enriched by the various riches of wealth
The evidence is. Again, don't be afraid because you are brave, you are brave and you are not afraid
Therefore, it is called Sakya because it has vain fears and has lost hair.
"Suspicion," Wichita says. Suspicion of grief, suspicion of the cause of suffering,
Suspicion of Anti-Suffering, Suspicion of Anti-Suffering Gamini Pratipada
Suspicion, Suspicion of the Infinite, Suspicion of the Anterior, Suspicion
Such skepticism of the Dhammas is a skepticism that skepticism is skepticism
Two ideas, a dilemma, an uncertainty in the mind, a panic
Ehh, let's just say I've seen better, and you know what I mean.
So drive me away from the winds of doubt.

[Msdiv 33] (# msdiv33) {# msdiv33 .ref .msdiv

[APZ 33.9] (# apz33.9) # apz33.9 .ref .apz} "I will not try to free myself"
I could not get rid of the suspect. The suspect is up
I could not lift. I will not try. I will not try. I will not exert myself
To the one who does not lose the lameness of the ascetic, the inferior
This is how I try to free myself from the sermon on the one who does not follow the truth
I will not. There is no one to rescue again. So if they get rid of it
By their own effort, by their own effort, by their own prowess, by their own masculinity
A man of his own strength, of his own masculine power, of his own masculine prowess
Antithesis antecedent antithesis antithetical antithesis, alias antithesis
Dharmanudharma Pratipada, I will release the followers. "I am just trying to get rid of it
I will not. This was preached by the Blessed One.

[APZ 33.10] (# apz33.10) # apz33.10 .ref .apz} "Vote, he's definitely himself
It is unknown at this time what he will do after leaving the post. Vote, he
Certainly he did not subdue himself.
It is not clear whether one is disciplined or brought to Pirinivana. Thus
I will not try to escape. FortunatelyThis is preached by the three
Was.

[APZ 33.11] (# apz33.11) # apz33.11 .ref .apz} "The sin he committed was himself
Dirty. He cleanses himself of sin that he did not commit. Purity and
Impurity does not cleanse one another. ”This is the Blessed One
Preached by.

[APZ 33.12] (# apz33.12) # apz33.12 .ref .apz} "Brahman is the same.
Nirvana exists. There is the path to Nirvana. Again, my disciples
There are some who are admonished and admonished
Absolutely attains Nirvana, but some do not, here
What do I do? Brahman knows the real path and understands the path
Preaching. Those who follow Him will be redeemed.

[APZ 33.13] (# apz33.13) {# apz33.13 .ref .apz} "Thot, any in the world
A skeptical person is a skeptical, two-minded, skeptical person
With. "Some" means any Kshatriya or Brahmin
Vaishya or Shudra or householder or pravrajita or god
Or a man. In the world, paragraph (1-1) 1 (ii) applies to the world of hell
should be.)

[APZ 33.14] (# apz33.14) {# apz33.14 .ref .apz} "Know the Great Dhamma too
The great Dhamma of "receives" says to the immortal Nirvana. (Ii) Some a
Something is the solace of all editions, the solace of all subdivisions, lust
Decay, decay, quarantine, that is Nirvana. The greatness is
Greatness is the foremost, the noblest, the known, the understood
The great Dhamma is also known to cross this ogha. Thus you lust,
Dittoghaya, Avijjoghaya, you will cross, you will go beyond. It means you will exceed.

So the Blessed One said.

[Msdiv 34] (# msdiv34) {# msdiv34 .ref .msdiv} (5-4)

[APZ 34.1] (# apz34.1) # apz34.1 .ref .apz} "Your Majesty, please
Admonish. ”Great Admonition, admonish.
Great Lord, please. Your Majesty,

Please have mercy. Doing kindness means being merciful and gracious
Generating, pitying.

[APZ 34.2] (# apz34.2) # apz34.2 .ref .apz} "Somehow I found the doctrine of rest
Do you know? "Says to Nirvana. Some A (5-3)
13 (ii) should apply.) “Do I know something, or do I know something?
It means to understand, to receive, to see, and to perceive.

[APZ 34.3] (# apz34.3) # apz34.3 .ref .apz} "I'm as different as the sky
Does not come "means whether the sky does not change or not, thus to a change like the sky
Not coming means that the sky is a certain color, that is, a bronze (red) color
Does not come in yellow, blue, or yellow. Yamse
The sky is not the limit, the movement is not the cause, the sky is the limit.
Does not come.

[APZ 34.4] (# apz34.4) {# apz34.4 .ref .apz} "was here" here
It is said that he was in this seat and was in this group
Was. Being here again means being here and being here. Twins,
The consolation is that it was here too.

[APZ 34.5] (# apz34.5) # apz34.5 .ref .apz} "unrelated" means two associations.
It is the association of lust and the association of vision. ('Selfishness' is different from 'association'
Paragraphs (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) should be applied to the short notice. Out of 1561) lust
Excluding visual association with distance, there was no eye contact, no ear contact,
The nose was not associated, the tongue was not associated, the body was not associated, the mind was not associated.
Was not, in the sound of the image, in the smell, in the touch of the taste, in the caste
On, in abode, on profit, on fame, on praise, on chivara,
In the pindapatha, in the senasana, in the sick-medicine, in the kamadhatu,
In idolatry, in lust, in form, in form, in sign, in unconscious
In the neoconscious state of being, in the quadrupedal, in the quadrupedal, in the quadrupedal
In the past, in the past, in the future, in the present, in the present, in the present, in the present, in the present, in the present
In the Dhamma, the associate did not stick, did not come, was not invited, did not stick,
Exodus, I dwell in the unrestricted mind of the separated. I will hold the posture.
I will exist. I will control. Depends, that is. Therefore it is the same Brahman
He said.

[Msdiv 35] (# msdiv35) # msdiv35 .ref .msdiv} (5-5)

[APZ 35.1] (# apz35.1) # apz35.1 .ref .apz} "I declare your peace"
Is the peace of lust, the peace of hatred, the peace of delusion, the peace of anger
Peace, of enmity, of virtue, of nobility andThinking he is the same,
Jealousy, miserliness, deceitfulness, hypocrisy,
Of all the vices of the superman, of the superior, of the late, of the defiled,
In all persecution, in all burning, in all affliction, in all unclean gathering
Peace, sub-peace, extinguishment, consolation, I will proclaim, I will say, Sermon
I will make, enact, lay, open, distribute, public
I will, that is.

[APZ 35.2] (# apz35.2) {# apz35.2 .ref .apz} "
In the Dhamma that is not heard from the news "means in the Dhamma which is seen and in the Dhamma which is known
In the Dhamma, in the determined Dhamma, in the Prakata Dhamma. When I saw the grief again
I will say sad. When I see the sea, I will say goodbye. road
I will tell you the way of Dutukal. I will say quarantine when I see quarantine. Thus
In the Dhamma seen. Send him the rewards he will soon see again
Behold, the wise bring forth, and bring near
In the Dhamma seen.

[APZ 35.3] (# apz35.3) {# apz35.3 .ref .apz} "Unheard of" means:
Arguments that were not considered, did not come in parts, that did not come from an unheard of generation
A view that does not take into account how it does not take place because of a theory that does not take place
It is the Dhamma which is manifested to oneself which is not seen through penetration.
"I will say" in the Dhamma of seeing, knowing something in the Dhamma of not hearing from the news
Equally obtained, determined, and published, all editors know that impermanence,
Declared, determined, all editors are miserable, all Dhammas are infinite
If there is a doctrine born of a causal principle, it is all for the purpose of annihilation
Knowing that it exists, it is decided and it is made by looking at it and announcing it. Mindfulness is facts
Four means mindfulness. Mindfulness grows according to the body of the body
Of course. (1-8) 4 (ii) should apply.) Behavior also means habitat
Doing, maintaining posture means controlling what exists.

[Msdiv 36] (# msdiv36) {# msdiv36 .ref .msdiv

[APZ 36.4] (# apz36.4) # apz36.4 .ref .apz} "I'm glad you did." Is
I am pleased to match the verses to the sermon on your word. I approve. I like
That is.

[APZ 36.5] (# apz36.5) # apz36.5 .ref .apz} "Peace be upon you"
'Maharshi' means the Blessed OneThe Lord. The great virtuous group (Maha
Paragraph 10 of the directive (14-1) should be applied.) Says the sublime Nirvana.
Some of those editions were settled and all the degrees were extinguished by the decay of desire
That is, Viraga was called Nirodha, that is Nirvana. 'Great' means noble
Pravara means.

[APZ 36.6] (# apz36.6) # apz36.6 .ref .apz} "Knowing something and behaving consciously"
Knowing that something is going on, all the editors know that it is impermanent
It is decided by looking at the skin and deciding. All editors are miserable all Dhammas
Anatma is a doctrine born of some causation
Knowing that it exists for the sake of annihilation, it is decided on the basis of equality.

[APZ 36.7] (# apz36.7) # apz36.7 .ref .apz} "Conscious" means four things
If there is consciousness. (1-8) 4 (ii) should apply. Behaving means behaving
Lives, maintains posture, depends on knowing something and behaves consciously
Transcends the world. That is. Vishthika says to lust.

[APZ 36.8] (# apz36.8) {# apz36.8 .ref .apz කවර What does "dissociation" mean?
Vedatika is the Veda, (in the Great Recommendation (10-16) 3 especially where Allenui goes
Should be applied from) "in the world" means in the world of hell (1-1) (ii) should be applied.)
"Lust in the world transcends lust" means the world or that dilemma
Will cross. The transcendental world or consciousness transcends the transcendental.
That is. Therefore the Brahman himself said.

[Msdiv 37] (# msdiv37) # msdiv37 .ref .msdiv} (5-6)

[APZ 37.1] (# apz37.1) # apz37.1 .ref .apz} "The Blessed Sacrament is something
Knowledge and understanding tell the future that "upstairs and upstairs"
Goes down and tells the past. Saras and Madhya say the present. Back to top is skill
Dharmayoi. Underneath are the akushala dhammas. The Dhammas of Sarasa and Madha Avyayakruta. Go up
Happiness is pain. Underneath is the pain of suffering. Beautiful and middle is the pain of misery.
Knowing that this is the union of the world means that this is the album. This is bondage and this is pest
It means to know, to weigh, to decide and to publish.

[APZ 37.2] (# apz37.2) # apz37.2 .ref .apz} "Do not lust after nature"
Touch the lust for images, the lust for sounds, the lust for smell, the lust for taste
Desire is the desire for Dhamma. "In Bhavabhava" means lust in Karma BhavaIn age
In rebirth, in form, in rebirth, in form, in karma,
In the abstract, in the rebirth, in the rebirth, in the rebirth
You do not desire the recurrence of selfhood in the recurring crisis
You do not give birth, you do not give birth, you are far away, you are calm, you are completely extinct
Pamunuwawa means.

Dhotakamanavapuchchaniddeso Panchamo.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Penny Jordan] editor. Editor.
