- Private sect
- Chula Niddasa
- Parayanavagganiddeso

# 13. Recommendation for a general formula

[Msdiv 57] (# msdiv57) # msdiv57 .ref .msdiv} (9-1)

[APZ 57.1] (# apz57.1) {# apz57.1 .ref .apz} "Do not lust after someone"
Whether or not one has lust for one another, especially in this way
Said. Whether lust is present or not, lust is for someone
He doubted whether it was manifest, unborn, or burned in the fire of knowledge.
Doubts as to whether it was passed or not. "How is his redemption" is his
What is redemption, and in what manner? The same Brahmin himself said:

[APZ 57.2] (# apz57.2) # apz57.2 .ref .apz යනු "Doesn't lust lust after someone"
It refers to the demigods who deserve something.
Lust is essentially two parts of lust. Materialism and depravity.
(Paragraphs (1) 1 (ii) 2, 3 of the General Order should be applied.)

[APZ 57.3] (# apz57.3) # apz57.3 .ref .apz} "Do not cure lust for someone"
Means whether or not lust is present in someone. Blessed Ones
Today is the day. Lust is the desire to know whether or not someone has images,
Sound cravings, smell cravings, taste cravings, tactile cravings are dharma cravings.

[APZ 57.4] (# apz57.4) # apz57.4 .ref .apz} "someone" means
It means to the weary. Lust is not for someone but lust is for someone
Whether or not it is received, whether it is useless, whether it is satisfied, whether it is unworthy to be born, by the fire of wisdom
Burned. The suspicion that he overcame the suspicion tells Wichita.
Suspicion of grief, suspicion of suffering, suspicion of anti-suffering, anti-suffering
The suspicion of the antithesis is the same as the suspicion of the antithesis. 'Someone' means Arahant
That's it.

[APZ 57.5] (# apz57.5) # apz57.5 .ref .apz යනු "He was beyond doubt"
He overcame his suspicion and said that what he had passed was too much. '
No 'means he has no other redemption. If freed from any redemption (at that time)
He is saved and he has no other redemption. So the Blessed One said.

[APZ 57.6] (# apz57.6) # apz57.6 .ref .apz} "hope in his image
Makes "in the caste of the touch of the taste of the sound of the lust,
In type, habitat, laIn fear, in glory, in praise, in bliss, in chivara
Images of Pindapatha, Senasana, Gilanpasa Behet Pirikara, Kama Dhathu
In the form of the relic, in the form of the lust, in the form of the image, in the form of the sign
In the unconscious, in the neoconscious, in the monotonous, in the quadrupedal.
Seen, heard and known in the past, present and future of the Pentateuch
Hope in the Dhamma. Desires. Wishes. Desperate desires
The wise man means the one who is wise, the one who is wise,
Wisdom means having knowledge.

[APZ 57.7] (# apz57.7) # apz57.7 .ref .apz} "Wisdom Thinks" means octave
Whether it is done by Samapaththi Gnana or Panchabhijna Gnana or Trishna Kalpa, it is enough
Whether it does or not.

[APZ 57.8] (# apz57.8) # apz57.8 .ref .apz} "The Blessed One, I Am
The Sakya of "Know" is the Blessed One from the Sakya caste
Sakya is the name of the priest. (5-3) Paragraph 8 should apply.) That is something
Criticism or request, say it, preach it, open it,
Divide and conquer. 'Samantha, the omniscient with eyes,' "
'Samantha Chakkhu' means omniscience. (In the Great Niddasa (14-7) 4
It should be applied from the place where it goes through the eyes of the Buddha.) Therefore that Brahmana also said.

[Msdiv 58] (# msdiv58) # msdiv58 .ref .msdiv} [Msdiv 59] (# msdiv59) {# msdiv59
.ref .msdiv} (9-2)

[APZ 58.1] (# apz58.1) # apz58.1 .ref .apz} "Desperate hope
No "means he does not have hope in the image, in the sound,
Smell, taste, touch do not create hope. Saw and heard and knew
Not hope in the Dhamma. Does not like, does not wish, does not desire.

[APZ 58.2] (# apz58.2) # apz58.2 .ref .apz} "Wise also thinks wisely"
Means learned, wise and intelligent. He does not lust after wisdom
Is not taken by the Ashta Samapaththi Gnana or the Panchabhijna Gnana or the Kalpa of desire,
The sage does not take the view, the doctrine, 'Thus also know the sage'
Is what tells wisdom (should apply in the great instruction (3-1) 3.) The web of desire
He was also a Muni.

[APZ 58.3] (# apz58.3) # apz58.3 .ref .apz} "Today, so is the sage
Know "means to know, especially to know, to understandIt means to dry. "Ragadi Kinchana
The kinchana of "not clinging to the lost lust" is the kinchana of lust, the kinchana of hatred,
These are the dimensions, the vision, the defilement, the depravity, the depravity. Of someone
Are these little ones useless, first dry, calm, soothing, unworthy to be born?
He also says that Akinchana was burnt by the fire of wisdom.

[APZ 58.4] (# apz58.4) # apz58.4 .ref .apz කාම "Kamayo" as the name implies
Two. Materialism and depravity. (Paragraphs 1 (ii), 2, 3 of the Great Order
Should be applied.)

[APZ 58.5] (# apz58.5) # apz58.5 .ref .apz} "Bhavayo" means two Bhavas. Karma too
It is also called rebirth. This is the recurrence of the crisis.

[APZ 58.6] (# apz58.6) # apz58.6 .ref .apz} "Unconscious person having sex
Does not rise "means immortal, departed, liberated, living with an unrestricted mind.
So the Blessed One said. ((1-8) 6 should be applied with the end of the stanza.)

[Msdiv 60] (# msdiv60) # msdiv60 .ref .msdiv

Todeyayamanavapuchchaniddeso navamo.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Penny Jordan] editor. Editor.
