- Private sect
- Chula Niddasa
- Parayanavagganiddeso

# 14. Extortion formula recommendation

[Msdiv 61] (# msdiv61) # msdiv61 .ref .msdiv} (10-1)

[APZ 61.1] (# apz61.1) # apz61.1 .ref .apz} "in the world"
Says to Samsara. Advent, travel, time, nature, nature, origin, origin,
Descent, inhibition, race, filth, death, and the front end of samsara are invisible.
The last end is not visible either. The animals were located in the middle of the samsara
Alunahu means galunahu.

[APZ 61.2] (# apz61.2) # apz61.2 .ref .apz} "How the End of Samsara
Can't you see? "

\ (i \) There were so many thousands of nations. There is no point in saying no beyond. Thus
The anterior end of the samsara is not visible. This number of nations is one billion (ii) Sasara
Existed. Needless to say, it does not exist beyond that. Thus also the antecedent of samsara
No end in sight.

\ (iii \) Billions of such races (should apply here (ii)) Billions of races
One lakh (here (ii) should be applied.) This number of years (here (ii) should be applied
Should be.) So many hundred years (here (ii) should apply.) So many thousand years
(Here (ii) should be applied.) This is how (ii) is applied for hundreds of thousands of years
Should be.) Millions of years (here (ii) should be applied
One hundred (here (ii) should be applied.) Billions of years (here (ii) apply
Should.) So many trillions of years (here (ii) should apply.) So many kalpas
Number (here (ii) should be applied.) Hundreds of such kalpas (here (ii) apply
should be. So many thousand kalpas (here (ii) should be applied, so many hundred thousand kalpas
(Here (ii) should be applied.) This number of kalpas should be applied (here (ii) should be applied.)
This number of kalpas is one hundred million (here (ii) should be applied)
((Ii) should be applied here.)
This was uttered by. "Mahanaini, there is no end in the world, no end
Does not appear. The running of ignorant closed beings bound by a combination of desires
Is navigation. Mahanai, you have suffered for so long. Terrible things
Suffered. During the calamities, graves were dug in this world
Worth to disappoint. Deserves to be separated. Deserves to be redeemed. "
This is how the last end of samsara is not visible
Nations exist in samsara

\ (iv \) There is no such thing as not going beyond that. There are so many hundred races
One thousand races, one hundred thousand races (here (iv) should be applied.) Thus
The last end of the samsara is not visible. In the middle of samsara the animals are sitiahu,
Alunahu and Pambiyahu.

[APZ 61.3] (# apz61.3) {# apz61.3 .ref .apz ගත් The Great Fear
When is the time of lust, lust, delusion, birth, descent,
Great fear means fear of race, fear of disease.

[APZ 61.4] (# apz61.4) {# apz61.4 .ref .apz යනු means "victims of shit death"
From the filth of those who have suffered the death of filth, of those who have gone by race
Of the dispersed, of the afflicted, of the unprotected,
Of the helpless. Lord Nidukana, of the victims of the filthy death
Please help, preach, keep, open
Please, please share, please declare. 'Nidukaneni,' is Priya
The word, the word of honor, is the significant word, "Please help me."
Help, refuge, nature, recitation, preach, keep,
Please open, distribute, declare.

[APZ 61.5] (# apz61.5) # apz61.5 .ref .apz} "You help me
That is to say, it is so. It's not the other way around. "
It is annihilated and calmed down, so the Brahman himself said, 'To the point
Is going. The grief of having a crisis again does not arise. Of lust or lust
In nature or in image or in form or in consciousness or in unconsciousness
Neonatal nasopharynx or monotonous or quadruple
In the Pentateuch or in the rebirth or rebirth or in the crisis or in the state
Does not arise in samsara or vatta. Will not occur, will be suppressed here
Will be comforted. ' Therefore the Brahman himself said:

[Msdiv 62] (# msdiv62) # msdiv62 .ref .msdiv} (10-2)

[APZ 62.1] (# apz62.1) # apz62.1 .ref .apz ‍ Blessed Kappa, Sasara
Help those in the middle with the filthy mortals when the Great Depression strikes
I say. For those who are in the middle of "before", the "after" is samsara.
Traffic, time, pace. Bhavabhavaya, Chutiya, Genesis, Breakdown and Degeneration
The anterior end of the samsara is also invisible. The back end is also invisible. Animals of the Middle Sasara
Sitiyahu, Pitihyahu Alunahu came. How the anterior end of the samsara
Invisible (paragraphs 10-1 (2): i-ii-iii should be applied.)
The end is not visible. How can the back end of the samsara not be seen? (10-1 (2) (iv) applies
Should.) Thus the posterior end of the samsara is not visible. Thus the anterior end of the samsara
The back end is also invisible in the middle samsara, situated, attached,
Come on, Galunahu. 'When the great fear comes,' lust, '
Bhavoghaya, Dittoghaya, Avijjoghaya, when it arises, when it arises, when it descends.
Fear of greatness means fear of race, fear of disease, fear of death. “From the shit death
To the oppressed "means to the filthy, to the filthy to those who go by race (birth)
Dispersed means those who are sick and helpless.
"Nidukane, please declare security and preach."
Please keep it open, please divide it. You help me
Please comment. It's not the other way around. "
If it is suppressed, if it is calmed down, if it is lost, then it is a crisis again
If grief does not arise, it is in the form of lust or lust or image
In the sense of being or in the sense of being or in the state of unconsciousness or in the sense of being in the new sense
Monotony or quadrupedal or pentagonal or recurrence
Genesis or crisis or in nature or in samsara or in Vatta
If it does not occur, it does not occur
That is. Therefore the Brahman himself said.

[Msdiv 63] (# msdiv63) # msdiv63 .ref .msdiv} (10-3)

[APZ 63.1] (# apz63.1) {# apz63.1 .ref .apz} "
The "after" of the city is samsara
The structure and the origin of the race do not appear at the front end of the death cycle. (10-1) 1
(i-ii-iii-iv) paragraphs should be applied.) Assistance to victims of racial slurs
I say. The cup is a light, a protection, I say. I preach
I will keep it open. Therefore, Blessed are those who divide and conquer
The Lord declared.

[Msdiv 64] (# msdiv64) {# msdiv64 .ref .msdiv} (10-4)

[APZ 64.1] (# apz64.1) {# apz64.1 .ref .apz} "Strictly without Ragadi Kinchanas
No seizures "in Kinchana (4-11) 1 applies from Kinchana
Should.) Strictness means lust (ii) whether there is any lust or attachment
That's it. Severity of seizures, seizures,
Immortal Nirvana (iii) This is help. There is no other. "
Security is a quality. No other means there is no other help. Infamous,
This is the greatest, foremost, help. Means "I call it Nirvana."
'Vanaya' says to lust. (10-4) 1 (ii) should be applied if there is a disease.)
The nectar of Nirvana is the cessation of cravings, the cessation of cravings, the cessation of cravings.
So 'thus' is the vowel joint. Vowel intercourse. Tone completion.
To spell. To degrade. "Say" means preach, enact, lay,
I open, I divide, I publish, I declare. "It simply came to our notice then
Knowing the fact that "this" means immortal Nirvana
Whether there is a consolation or a renunciation of all subconsciousness, called virulence
Named Nirvana. "Knowing" means knowingly looking at and deciding
All rights reserved. (1-8) 3 should apply.) Anything
Even if there is a doctrine of causation, it is known to exist for the prevention of all, equally
Wait, decide, that is. "Someone" is a deserving slacker.
"Mindful" means mindful of four things. Cultivate mindfulness according to the body of the body
Therefore ((1-8) 4 (ii) should be applied.) Therefore, even if they are conscious.
The doctrine of seeing is the doctrine of seeing
Dhamma is the Dhamma that decides. Nivunahu means Nibunahu because greed is quenched,
Since the hatred was extinguished (should be applied to the Great Tribulation (3-4) 2, p. 1578) "They
Even if he does not fall under the spell of the mara "means some mara, the lord of the ears
If they are not seduced by the demon called Bandhu, they will not be seduced by the demon,
They are the killer, the killer, the killer, the killer, the poison, the killer.
Behavior, inhabitance, posture, suppression of aggression and aggression
Maintains and controls. They are not students of Mara. "
Not the behaviors. They are the disciples of the Blessed Buddha. Therefore
The Blessed One preached. ((1-8) (6) should apply with the end of the stanza.)

Kappamanavapuchchaniddeso Dasamo.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Penny Jordan] editor. Editor.
