- Private sect
- Chula Niddasa
- Parayanavagganiddeso

# 20. Pingiya Human Formula Recommendation

[Msdiv 89] (# msdiv89) # msdiv89 .ref .msdiv} (16-1)

[APZ 89.1] (# apz89.1) # apz89.1 .ref .apz} "crap came in discolored
I have no energy "means shit, old age, old age
The last age came from birth to the age of one hundred and twenty with little force
That means there is little energy. 'Discolored' is the good color of the past
Disappeared, the brightness disappeared, and so on. The eyes are dirty.
It's hard to hear. 'Between' means I am not in between. To delusion
Not coming means not knowing what to know, came to ignorance, to delusion
Arrived, meanwhile Nomiyemva. In between is your Dhamma, your vision,
Pratipada, without knowing the path, without understanding, without touching, without realizing, I
In the meanwhile Kaluriya is not done. 'Do I know any Dhamma?'
'Dhamma' is a good word with pure meanings in the middle, pure in the middle and pure in the end
With the perfect, consecrated celibacy, i.e. the four
Satipatthnas, the Four Noble Truths The four main limbs are the five senses, the five forces,
Sapta Bodhisattvas, the Noble Eightfold Path Nirvana, Nirvana
Preach, preach, enact, lay down, open
Make, teach, enact, lay, open, divide
Say, Say, 'Do I know something?' I know something
If I understand, if I see, if I see.

[APZ 89.2] (# apz89.2) # apz89.2 .ref .apz} "Racial crap in this world
The "remover" here is the antithesis of racial slur death, consolation, consolation,
Immortal Nirvana. Therefore those Brahmins also declared.

[Msdiv 90] (# msdiv90) {# msdiv90 .ref .msdiv} (16-2)

[APZ 90.1] (# apz90.1) # apz90.1 .ref .apz} "Seeing tired images"
The image is the four great demons and the sublime images born of the four great demons
That is. Image News, Image Cause, Image Case, Fatigue, Conflict,
When the image is present, there is a lot of torment. Whipped cream (in the Great Order)
(7-7) 2 should be used from the place of 'whips'.) Thus due to the images of animals,
Image PrototypeWhen you are tired, tired, tired, tired, tired, tired, tired, tired.
Conflict means seeing, balancing, and deciding.

[APZ 90.2] (# apz90.2) {# apz90.2 .ref .apz} "changes"
Conflicts and illnesses are common. From eye disease (ii)
Different, conflicted, diseased people became sad (every disease
Finally (here (ii) should be used.) From ear disease (Great Reference (1-4) 4
(ii) 'disease' should be used interchangeably with 'disease'.) Atamassoya,
Mosquitoes, air, sun, and long-lived species differ in their touch,
Kipets, texts, knots, and sick people are saddened by the images again.
Changes when the eye separates and disappears (apply (ii) here)
In sorrow, in the ear, in the nose, in the tongue, in the body, in the sound of the image,
In smell, in taste, in touch, in caste, in genus. At the residence,
In the praise of profit, in happiness, in the robe, in the throne of Pindapatha,
Destruction, loss, separation, degeneration of the patient's pelvis
In the wild, the sick, the sick, the sick, the sick, the sick, the sick, the sick, the sick, the sick.
Thus also the destruction of images. Kshatriyas, Brahmins, Vaishyas and Shudras
Households, nobles, gods and men know. Delayed means
Delay should be said. (Applied in Mahaniddasa (15-8) 2, p. 1846)
Those who are late are also those who are late. So that's why, a
Look at the matter, the cause, the effect, the cause, and so on
Is received. Congregation, so you are not late
In the action, the finished action is the non-boring action
That is.

[APZ 90.3] (# apz90.3) # apz90.3 .ref .apz} "Remove image from regeneration"
Is the image of the four great demons and the origin of the four great demons.
Image removal means image removal, image exclusion, image calming, image complete
In order not to die and not to be reborn, your image is somehow neutralized here
If so, there will be no recurrence of the crisis. In eroticism or idolism
In the formless form, in the form of lust, in the form of form, in the form of formlessness, in the form of sense
Unconscious or neoconsciousBhavya or Ekavokha Bhavya or Chathuvokara
Rebirth or rebirth or rebirth in the bodhisattva or in the Punjabi vocabulary
It does not arise in Bhava or Sasara or Vatta. Here is the antidote.
Calms down. Goes to waste. That is. Therefore the Blessed One declared
Did.

[Msdiv 91] (# msdiv91) # msdiv91 .ref .msdiv

[APZ 91.4] (# apz91.4) # apz91.4 .ref .apz} "In four directions and four directions
Nothing you have not seen, heard, touched or known in the ups and downs
No. There is no selfishness or altruism. Not apparent. I am
If you know, please preach that Dhamma. ”The Dhamma is pure at the root
The clean end in the middle is pure meaningful, all perfect with words
Say Nirvana and Nirvana Gamani Pratipada. Preach, exhort
Please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please, please
Please declare, that is. "If I know something" is something I do
If I know, if I come, if I understand, if I see,
If I can prove it, preach it.

[APZ 91.5] (# apz91.5) # apz91.5 .ref .apz} "To get rid of racism here
Caused "is the racial slur here, the pacification, the expulsion, the immortality.
Nirvana is. Therefore the Brahman himself said.

[Msdiv 92] (# msdiv92) # msdiv92 .ref .msdiv} (16-3)

[APZ 92.1] (# apz92.1) # apz92.1 .ref .apz} "The Blessed Sacrament,
The desires that come especially to lust are the images of lust, sounds, smells,
Taste, Touch Dhamma Desire is especially the one who has come and gone according to lust
Came, sat, suppressed, subdued.

[APZ 92.2] (# apz92.2) # apz92.2 .ref .apz} "Man" is another name for the animal.
"Seen" means to be examined.

[APZ 92.3] (# apz92.3) {# apz92.3 .ref .apz} They mean "community-based"
From those who are defiled, from those who are sick, from death
In mourning, mourning, grief, and exhaustion
And FIG. Those who are in hell, those relatives, those dangers
Community, that is the oppressed community. Those who are oppressed by shit are shit
There is no help for Madanala from the afflicted, afflicted, diseasedThi is helpless.

[APZ 92.4] (# apz92.4) {# apz92.4 .ref .apz} "So" is, in that sense, a
That is why derivatives are thus seen in that premise, in that premise
That is.

[APZ 92.5] (# apz92.5) # apz92.5 .ref .apz} "delayed" is a frequent verb
Does (4-8) 1 should be applied from the point of view of 'immediacy.')
It's not too late, "he said," so you did not delay
Get rid of lust "Lust is the desire for images, sounds, smells, tastes, touches,
Dharma lust means to get rid of lust, to give up lust, to satisfy desire,
It means the complete extinction of lust.

[APZ 92.6] (# apz92.6) # apz92.6 .ref .apz} "In order not to regenerate" means you
It does not cause recurrence, either in lust or in idolatry
Or in the formless form, or in the lust, or in the form, or in the senses, or in the unconscious.
In the bodhisattva or in the neoconscious bodhisattva or in the homogeneous bodhisattva
In rebirth or in rebirth or in crisis or in existence or in samsara
Or will not occur. Does not produce. Here it suppresses and calms the loss
Going, that is. So the Blessed One said.

[APZ 92.7] (# apz92.7) {# apz92.7 .ref .apz} "with the end of the stanza
They have the same ideas and the same effects and the same clothes with the Brahmin
Thousands of those creatures are not defiled, defiled, for some reason
If there is a Dhamma that arises from a precept, it is the Dhamma that exists for the purpose of annihilation
The eye dropped. That Brahmin also has no kings of filth, no filth of filth, reasons
Is there a doctrine that arises from a premise, that it all exists for the sake of annihilation?
The Dhamma Eye descended. (1-8) Section 6 should be applied.)

Pidgiyamanapuchchaniddeso

[(සි⁇ ගියප⁇ හං (ක.))] {. Alt-title සොලසමො.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Penny Jordan] editor .editor.
