2. Explanation of the cave's eight groups of sutras
　　Secondly, the description of the eight groups of caves will say:
　　7. Stuck in the cave is covered by many, and the people who stay have sunk in foolishness,
　　　 Like that kind of person, he is really far away, because in the world of desire, it is really not easy to give up.
"The card is covered by many in the cave": "It is called "ka", but only those caves can be said. The cave is called the body, "body" or "cavity" or "body" or "accumulation (body )" or "boat" or "car" or "flag" or "anthill" or "castle" or "nest" or "hut" or "tumor" or "urn" {or "dragon elephant"}, these are bodies Synonym for "stuck in the cave", in the cave he is stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, obstructed, such as stuck or entangled by a tumor on a wall pile or wall hook , Is suspended, attached, fixed, and obstructed. Similarly, in the cave he is stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, and obstructed. This is said by the World Blessed One: [SN.23.2 , SN.23.3]
　　 Luo Tuo! All the desires, greed, joy, thirst, clinging, clinging, attachment, clinging, potential tendency of troubles, clinging there, and strong clinging there, are called "beings"; Luo Tuo! Where to receive... (omitted) Luo Tuo! Anyone thinking about... Luo Tuo! Wherever you go...Luo Tuo! Anyone who has the desire, greed, joy, thirst, clinging, clinging, attachment to the heart, clinging, the underlying tendency of troubles, clinging there, and strong clinging there, is called "all beings". "Sentient beings (stuck)" is a synonym for "adhesion" which means stuck in the cave. "Covered by many comprehensive", covered by many pollutions; covered by greed; covered by hatred; covered by delusion; covered by anger; covered by resentment; covered by hidden evil; covered by tyranny; covered by jealousy; covered by stinginess; covered by Covered by false fraud; covered by cunning; covered by stubbornness; covered by passion; covered by slow; covered by extremely slow; covered by slowness; covered by indulgence; covered by all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all scorching heat, All irritations, covered by all bad practices, expanded coverage, upper coverage, obstruction (blocking), enveloping, obstructing, closing (covering), covering, covering. "It's stuck in the cave and is covered by many.
"The person who stays has sunk in ignorance": "When people stay, the greedy person stays because of greed (power); the angry person stays because of anger; the foolish person stays because of ignorance; the tied person stays because of slowness The clinging person stays because of seeing; the person who comes to the chaos stays because of demotion; the person who does not come to the conclusion stays because of doubt; the person who comes to the fortitude stays because of the potential trend of troubles, this is the staying person.
　　 This was said by the Lord: "Monks! There are colors that can be recognized by the eye, that are desirable, cute, desirable, cute, accommodating, and greedy. If the bhikkhus are happy, welcome, continue (stay) hold it... Bhikkhus! There is a sound that can be recognized by the ear... (slightly omitted) The smell that can be recognized by the nose... The smell that can be recognized by the tongue... The touch that can be known by the body... It can be known by the consciousness, which makes people want If the bhikkhu rejoices, welcomes, and continues (stays) to hold it... [SN.35.98]』This is also a staying person.
　　 This was said by the Lord: "Monks! When knowing to stand (stay), stand on the form of climbing, the form of object, the form of standing, and the joyful sprinkling of it, you can grow, grow, and expand. Bhikkhus! ...The feeling that is climbing...(slightly) the thinking that is climbing...bhikkhus! When knowing to stand (stay), stand on the line of climbing, the line of object, the line of standing, and the sprinkling of joy can come to growth, growth, and expansion. [SN.22.53]』This is also a staying person.
　　 This was said by the Lord: "Monks! If there is greed, joy, and thirst in material food, where consciousness establishes and grows; where consciousness establishes and grows, where there is the birth of name and form; where there is the birth of name and form, there are deeds Where there is the growth of the deeds, where there is the birth of future rebirth; where there is the birth of future rebirth, where there is future birth, oldness, and death; there are future birth, old, and death places, Bhikkhu Guys! I said: "There is sadness, sorrow, and despair." [SN.12.64] "This is also a person who stays.
　　『Monks! If you are touching... (omitted) Monks! If it's on meaning food... (omitted) Bhikkhus! If there is greed, joy, and thirst in knowledge and food, where consciousness is established and increased; where consciousness is established and increased, there are the incarnations of name and form; where there are incarnations of name and form, there are deedsWhere there is the growth of the deeds, where there is the birth of future rebirth; where there is the birth of future rebirth, where there is future birth, oldness, and death; there are future birth, old, and death places, Bhikkhu Guys! I said: "There is sadness, sorrow, and despair." [SN.12.64] "This is also a person who stays.
"Sink in foolishness", foolishness is called the five desires: can be recognized by the eye, desirable, cute, agreeable, cute-looking, accompanied by desires, and greedy colors; can be recognized by the ear The sound of knowing... the smell that can be recognized by the nose... the smell that can be recognized by the tongue... the taste that can be recognized by the body, the desired, cute, desirable, cute, with desire, greed Touched by the dye. Why is foolishness called the five desires? Most days and people become foolish, ignorant, and confused among the five desires, becoming foolish, ignorant, and confused, using ignorance as stupid, hindered (blocked), enveloped, and obstructed. , Closed (covered), covered, hidden, covered, for that reason, foolishness is called the five desires. "Sink in the foolishness," sinking, entering, sneaking into, and falling into the foolishness. The person who stayed has sunk in foolishness.
"For someone like that, he is really far away": ""Far away", there are three types of distance: body distance, heart distance, and clinging distance. What is body distance? Here, monks live close and alone: in the woods, under the trees , Mountains, caves, caves, cemeteries, forests, open fields, straw piles, living far away with the body [Living away from the body-Ni.14,150 偈], he walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, lies alone, alone for alms Entering the village, returning alone, sitting alone in a quiet place, alone performing prayers, walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, sustaining, and living alone is to stay away.
　　 What is the mind away? The mind of the person who enters the first jhana has moved away from the covers, the mind of the person who has entered the second jhana has been separated from the search and service, the heart of the person who has entered the third jhana has been separated from happiness, and the heart of the person who has entered the fourth jhana has been separated from happiness and suffering Far away, the mind of the person who has entered the void and boundlessness has already thought about things, the opposite, and all kinds of desires to be far away, the heart of the person who has entered the boundlessness of consciousness has wanted to be far away from the void and boundlessness, and the mind of the person who has entered nowhere has thought from the boundlessness of consciousness To stay away, to enter the mind of the person who has no thoughts, and wants to stay away from nothing. The mind of the Sudhahuan person has changed from seeing, suspicious, forbidden, seeing the potential trend of defilement, the potential trend of doubt defilement, and the same. The pollution of existence is far away. The heart of the one who has come has changed from the rough desire and greed knot, the disgust knot, the latent tendency of the rough desire, greed and trouble, the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution of the same existence. The remaining knots of desire and greed, disgust, from the remaining potential trends of desire, greed, disgust, and the pollution that exist with them, the Arahant’s heart has changed from colorless greed, slowness, abandonment, ignorance, and slow trouble potential. The tendency, the latent tendency of greed and defilements, the latent tendency of ignorance defilements, and the pollution that coexists with and the distance from the outside and everything. This is the distance from the mind.
　　What is keeping away? Relying on is called pollution and various aggregates and various works; Relying on distance is called immortality, nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all dependence, the extinction of craving, greed, extinguishment, and nirvana , This is to stay away. The distance of the body belongs to the continuous separation of the body and the willingness to leave the desire; the distance of the mind belongs to the purity of the heart and the highest purity; the separation of the body belongs to the unattached person, who comes to the liberation (= Nirvana).
"He is indeed far away", wherever he is stuck in the cave, so covered by so many, so sunken in the foolishness, he is far away from the body; also far away from the heart; also Relying on far away, far away, very far away, not near; not near; not near; at the place being pulled away (Ceylon version). "Like that kind of person", like that, belong to that dwelling, that kind, similar to that, the one who has sunk in foolishness. "For someone like that, he is indeed far away.
　　 "Because in the world of desire, it is indeed not easy to give up": "Desire", there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution. What are the desires of things? Desirable color, desirable sound, desirable smell, desirable taste, desirable touch, bedding, clothing, maidservants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows, horses, mules, horses, fields, houses, gold, gold coins, villages and towns Capitals, countries, territories, treasuries, warehouses, everything that can be tainted by greed is the desire of things. In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires, medium desires, superior desires, desires in the suffering world, and human desires. Desire, the desire of heaven, the desire that has been present, the desire that has been created, the desire that has not been created, the desire of beingThe desires created by others, the desires that have been possessed, the desires that are not possessed, the desires that are cherished, the desires not to be cherished, the desires of all the worlds of desire, the desires of all the physical worlds, the desires of all the non-material worlds, with Desire to depend on, to thirst to affect, to make people want righteousness; to be tainted with righteousness; to be intoxicated by righteousness as desire, these are called the desires of things.
　　What is the desire for pollution? The desire of desire, the desire of greed, the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire of greed, the desire of intention greed, that is the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the desire of desire, Desire love, desire enthusiasm, desire fascination, desire seizure, desire torrent, desire yoke (binding), desire attachment, desire cover.
　　 "Seeing those roots of desire, wanting you to be produced by thought (intention),
　　　 I will not think of you, so desire will not exist. "[Jat.8.421]
　　 These are called the desire for pollution. "In the world": In the world of suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of existence. "Because it is really not easy to give up in the world of desire": "Because in the world of desire it is hard to give up, hard to give up, hard to give up, hard to break (conquer), hard to untie, hard to loose What is difficult, difficult to escape, difficult to overcome, difficult to overcome, and difficult to pass.” Because it is indeed not easy to give up in the world of desire.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "Stuck in the cave is covered by many, the people who stayed have sunk in foolishness,
　　　 Like that kind of person, he is really far away, because in the world of desire, it is really not easy to give up. "
　　 8. They are bound by the pleasure of having what they want, they are hard to get rid of because they are not free from other people,
　　　 look forward to later or even above the past, look forward to these desires or above the past.
"Be bound by the pleasure of having because of wanting": "Want to be called craving, that is greed, greed (complete greed), acquiescence, compliance, joy, greed, greed, desire of the heart , Infatuation, taking, greed, great greed, contamination, sludge, disturbance, false deception, [reincarnation] root cause, [bitter] fertility, tailoring (greed), net, river, bondage, rope, Persistence, accumulation, companionship, desire, the channel of existence, desire for forest (forest), love forest (forest), intimate communication [santhavo?], affection, expectation, relationship, desire, desire, desire state, desire for sex, voice Desire, desire for smell, desire for taste, desire for touch, desire for acquisition, desire for wealth (human desire/Ni.1,3), son’s desire, desire to survive, desire, hope, pray, The state of greed, the state of greed, the appearance of greed, the appearance of greed, the state of having greed, inquiries [profits], wing for good, illegal greed, unrighteous greed, desire, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire of desire, Some cravings, nihility cravings, color cravings, colorless cravings, extinct cravings, color cravings, sound cravings, smell cravings, taste cravings, touching cravings , Dharma craving, torrent, yoke (binding), binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, covering, binding, kilesas, latent tendency of troubles, entanglement, vines, miserly, bitter root, cause of suffering, suffering The occurrence of demon’s catching net, demon’s hook[, demon’s food], demon’s realm [, demon’s dwelling, demon’s bondage], the river of thirsting, the net of thirsting, the rope of thirsting, the of thirsting The sea, greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "With the cause of wanting", "with wanting as the cause, wanting as the cause, wanting as the condition, wanting as the cause, wanting as the The root cause.” is the reason for wanting.
"Be bound by the happiness of being", one kind of happiness: happiness, two kinds of happiness: happiness and satisfying things, three kinds of happiness: youth, disease-free, and life, four kinds of happiness: gain, Fame, appreciation, and happiness (happiness), there are five kinds of happiness: desirable color, desirable sound, desirable smell, desirable taste, desirable touch, six kinds of pleasure: eyes with feet, ears with feet, nose with feet , The tongue has feet, the body has feet, and the mind has feet. To be bound by the pleasure of being: bound by the joy of pleasure, bound by the satisfaction, bound by the youth, bound by the diseaselessness, bound by the life, bound by the profit, bound by the reputation To be tied, to be tied to admiration, to be tied to comfort, to be tied to the desired color, to sound...in the smell...in the taste...be tied to the desired touch, to have sufficient eyes The upper part is tied, the ear, nose, tongue, and body are tied, enlarged, tied, tied (tightened), attached, fixed, obstructed. "Being bound by the pleasure of having the reason for wanting."
　　 "They are hard to get rid of because they are not getting rid of others": "They are hard to get rid of things with pleasure, orAll beings are inextricable here. How is it difficult for them to take pleasure in things? Pleasure is hard to get rid of, satisfying things are hard to get rid of, youth is hard to get rid of, no disease is hard to get rid of, life is hard to get rid of, gain is hard to get rid of, reputation is hard to get rid of, appreciation is hard Relief, comfort is hard to escape, desirable color is hard to escape, desirable sound... smell... taste... the touch is hard to escape, the eye has enough is hard to escape, the ear, nose, tongue, and the body are hard to escape Difficult to break away, difficult to break away, difficult to break away, difficult to break away, difficult to break away, difficult to pass, difficult to overcome, difficult to pass. In this way, it is difficult for them to get rid of things with pleasure.
　　 How is it that beings are inextricable here? It is difficult for sentient beings to get rid of pleasure, for sentient beings to be released from satisfying things, for sentient beings to be released from youth, for sentient beings to be released from disease-free, for sentient beings to be released from life, and for sentient beings to be derived from profit. It is difficult for all living beings to get rid of fame, it is hard for all living beings to get rid of praise, it is hard for all living beings to get rid of happiness, it is hard for all living beings to get rid of the desired color, and all living beings get the sound that agrees with...from smell...from taste ...It’s hard to get rid of from touching, it’s hard to get rid of sentient beings from eyes, it’s hard to get rid of sentient beings from ear, nose, tongue, body mind, it’s hard to pull out, it’s hard to pull out completely, it’s hard to rise, it’s hard to rise completely, Difficult to unlock, difficult to release, difficult to release, difficult to overcome, difficult to overcome, difficult to pass. This is where sentient beings are difficult to get rid of.
　　 "Because they are not free from other people", those who fell into the mud themselves cannot pull out the others who fell into the mud. This was said by the Lord: "Chunta! "I am the one who is in the quagmire and will pull out the other quagmiers." This is impossible. Chunta! "Oneself is an unregulated, untrained, and non-nibbana and will make others tune, train, and nibbana." This is impossible. [MN.8]』This is because you are not free from other people.
Or, if you don’t have any other liberators, if they can be liberated, use their own power (fortitude), with their own strength, with their own vitality, with their own efforts (brave), with their own power, with their own strength The power of human beings, with their own human vitality, with their own human efforts, with their own correct way, following the way, non-opposite way, according to the right way, and the way according to the law, they can be liberated when practiced , This is also because you are not free from other people.
　　 This is also said by the World Zun: [Ni.22]
　　 "I will not be able to liberate me: Dudag! Anyone who doubts in the world,
　　　 When it comes to knowing the best way, then you will get through this storm. 』
　　 This is also because of not being free from other people.
　　 This is also said by the World Zun: [Dph.12,165偈]
　　『I have done evil, I become pollution,
　　　 I do not do evil, I become pure,
　　　 Purity and impurity are separate, not one can make the other pure. 』
　　 This is also because of not being free from other people.
　　 This was also said by the World Lord: "Similarly, Brahman! Nirvana stays and stands, which leads to the way of Nirvana stays and stands. My persuasion stays and stands. However, when my disciples are taught and admonished in this way, some of them reach the ultimate end of Nirvana, and some do not reach, Brahmin! What can I do here? Brahman! The Tathagata is the guide. [MN.107] The Buddha only told (directed) the way, and when they practiced it by themselves, they could be free. 』This is also because you are not free from other people. "It is difficult for them to get rid of because they are not getting rid of other people.
"Looking forward later or even above the past": "Later is called the future, and the past is called the past. In addition, after clinging to the past, the future and the present are behind; after clinging to the future, the past and the present are in front .. How is it to look forward to the past? "I had such a color in the past" to find joy there [MN.132]; "I had such feelings in the past...I had such thoughts in the past...I There was this kind of behavior in the past... I had this kind of knowledge in the past.” Looking for joy there, this is to look forward to the past.
　　Or, "My eyes are like that in the past tense, and my colors are like that. 』There, consciousness is bound by desire and greed; when consciousness is bound by desire and greed, it rejoices; when it is rejoiced, it is also an expectation above the past. "My ears are like that, and my voice is like that. 』…… (omitted) 『My nose is like that when it passes, and the smell is like that. "... "My tongue is like that in the past, and it tastes like that. "... "My body is like that in the past, and the touch is like that. "... "My mind is like that in the past tense, and the law is like thatthat kind of. 』There, consciousness is bound by desire and greed; when consciousness is bound by desire and greed, it rejoices; when it is rejoiced [MN.133], this is also an expectation from the past.
　　Or, whoever laughed, talked, and played with women before, he enjoys it, desires it, and comes to happiness because of it [AN.7.50], which is also looking forward to the past.
　　 How is it to look forward to later? "I will look like this in the future. Looking for joy there, "I will have this feeling in the future. ...I will think so in the future. ...I will do this in the future. ...I will have this knowledge in the future. Looking for joy there, this is to look forward to later.
　　Or, "My eyes will be like that in the future, and my colors will be like that. 』Have hope of the unobtained heart, and rejoice in the hope of the heart; when you rejoice in it, this is the expectation later. "My ears will be like that in the future, and my voice will be like that. "... "My nose will look like that in the future, and the smell will be like that. "... "My tongue will look like that in the future, and it will taste like that. "... "My body will be like that in the future, and the touch will be like that. "... "My mind will be like that in the future, and the Fa will be like that. "Hope for the unobtained gaining heart, because of the hope of the heart, rejoice in it; when rejoicing in it, this is also the expectation on the later.
　　Or, "I will become the heaven, or one of the heavens, with this virtue, prohibition, asceticism, and Brahma. 』Have hope of the unobtained heart, because of the hope of the heart, please rejoice in it; when you rejoice in it, this is also the expectation on later. "To look forward to later or even above the past.
"Waiting for these desires or above the past": ""In these desires", in the present five desires, wanting, receiving, aspiring, longing, and praying. "Or above the past Looking eagerly", eagerly looking forward to, begging for, and begging on the past five desires." To look forward to these desires or above the past.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "Be bound by the pleasure of having what they want, they are hard to get rid of because they are not free from others,
　　　 look forward to later or even above the past, look forward to these desires or above the past. "
　　 9. Those who are greedy and enthusiastic in desire are ignorant, and those who are stingy are fixed on the wrong,
　　　 When suffering results, they weep: Where will we be after we die from here?
"Those who are greedy and passionate in desire are ignorant": ""Desire", "There are two kinds of desires from the eulogy: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... These are referred to as the desires of pollution. Craving is called craving, which is greed, greed... (Omitted) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. Greed, craving, and being tied to the desire of things with the desire of pollution Knot, be fascinated, tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed." It means craving in desire.
"Enthusiasts", whoever seeks, seeks, and asks all over the desires, the character, the more, the heavy, the target, the hardworking, the inclined, and the overcomer , To those who increase, they are passionate ones. Anyone who seeks, seeks, and asks in all colors because of thirst...in the sound...in the smell...in the taste...in the touch...(Omitted) Those who focus on that, those who take that as the object, those who work hard, those who lean toward them, those who overcome them, those who increase them, they are also passionate ones. Anyone who gets in the colors because of thirst...in the sound...in the smell...in the taste...in the touch, the person who has the character, the person who is more, the person who emphasizes the other, the person who targets , Toward the hardworking person, to the inclined person, to the overcomer, to the increaser, they are also enthusiasts in desire. Whoever is used in the colors because of thirst... in the sound... in the smell... in the taste... in the touch, the person who has the character, the one who is more, the one who emphasizes the other, the one who targets that , Toward the hardworking person, to the inclined person, to the overcomer, to the increaser, they are also enthusiasts in desire. For example, critics are keen to criticize, workers are keen to do work, those who walk on the state are keen on the state, and meditators are keen on meditation. In the same way, whoever seeks, seeks, and asks all over the desires, the character, the more, the heavy, the object, the harder, the lean, the overcomer, and Those who increase, they are passionate ones. All in all colors because of thirstSeeking, seeking, begging all over...in the sound...in the smell...in the taste...in the touch...(omitted) Those who are the target, those who work hard, those who lean toward them, those who overcome them, those who increase them, they are also passionate people. Anyone who gets in the colors because of thirst...in the sound...in the smell...in the taste...in the touch, the person who has the character, the person who is more, the person who emphasizes the other, the person who targets , Toward the hardworking person, to the inclined person, to the overcomer, to the increaser, they are also enthusiasts in desire. Whoever is used in the colors because of thirst... in the sound... in the smell... in the taste... in the touch, the person who has the character, the one who is more, the one who emphasizes the other, the one who targets that , Toward the hardworking person, to the inclined person, to the overcomer, to the increaser, they are also enthusiasts in desire.
"Ignorance", most days and people become foolish, ignorant, and confused among the five desires, becoming foolish, ignorant, and confused, using ignorance as stupid, hindered (blocked), and covered Living, covered, closed (covered), covered, hidden, covered. Those who are greedy and passionate about desires are ignorant.
"The stingers are fixed above the wrong": ""The stingy", "they go down" are the stingy; "the stingy" is also called the stingy; "words and ways to the Buddha's disciples , Teach, teach them not to care" as a stinger. How is "they go down" as a stingy? They go to hell; they go to the animal world; they go to the evil world, this is "they go down" "Go" is a stingy person. How is a "saving person" also called a stingy person? There are five kinds of stingy: [Yes] the stingy of dwelling, the stingy of home, the stingy of gain, the stingy of praise, the stingy of law, everything This kind of stingy, stingy appearance, stingy state, greed, stingy, petty, and heart-tight state are called stingy. In addition, stingy is also stingy; world stingy is also stingy; stingy is also the opinion of stingy, which is called stingy To be stingy. With this stinginess and intolerance, people become laissez-faire, so they are called stingy. How is it "not to care about the words, language, teachings, and teachings to Buddha disciples" as stingy? "The words, ways of speaking, teaching, and admonitions to Buddha disciples don’t care, don’t want to listen, don’t listen to them, don’t need to know the words, don’t want to listen, don’t listen to them, don’t need to know them. Yes, this is not to care about the words, ways, teachings, and teachings of the disciples of the Buddha." For a stingy person.
"They are fixed above the wrong", fixed in the wrong body karma; fixed in the wrong language karma; fixed in the wrong mental karma; fixed in the wrong killing; Giving and taking are fixed; fixed in unrighteous lewdness; fixed in unrighteous deceit; in unrighteous disjunctive language...in unjust vulgar language...fixed in unrighteous obscene language; unjustified In the greed of... is fixed in the unrighteous malice; fixed in the unrighteous view; fixed in the unrighteous deeds; fixed in the unrighteous five desires; fixed and being fixed in the unrighteous five levels Deeply fixed (attachment) [, stuck], stopped, stuck, entered, dyed, turned toward, stuck, stuck, blocked. "For the stingy, they are fixed on top of the wrong.
"When there is suffering, they weep." "When there is suffering," it means that suffering has been reached, suffering has been reached, and suffering has been reached; the demon has been reached, the demon has been reached, the demon has been reached; the death has been reached, the death has been reached, and Close to death. "They are weeping", they grumble, weep (talk a lot), sad, tired, weep, pound their breasts and cry, and come to confusion." They weep for the result of suffering.
"Where will we exist after we die from here": "Where will we exist after we die from here? We will be hell-fallen; we will be beast-fallen; we will be ghost-fallen; we will be People; we will become gods; we will become colored ones; we will become colorless ones; we will become thinkers; we will become non-thinkers; we will become non-thinking ones, "do we exist in the future?" Do we not exist in the future life? What will we be in the future life? What will our future life be like? What will we be in the future life, and what will [later] become?" Leap into doubters, leap into doubters, arise Doubts, they grumble, weep (talk a lot), sad, tired, weep, beat their chests and cry, and come to confusion." For where we will exist after death from here.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　「On the desireThe greedy and enthusiastic are ignorant, and the stingy are fixed on the wrong.
　　　 When suffering results, they weep: Where will we be after we die from here? "
　　10. So here, people should learn, and they should know that anything "wrong" in the world,
　　　 It should not be wrong for that reason, because the wise people say that this life is small.
"Therefore people should learn here": ""Therefore", "With that reason, that cause, that condition, that cause, when you see this fault in desire." For this reason. "Should learn", there is Three kinds of learning: increasing precept learning, increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning.
　　What is to add to school? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is protected by the self-control of the Polo Timucha. He has sufficient righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns after being upheld in the school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept aggregates are the foundation of abstinence, the [self] inhibition of behavior, the entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dharma, etc., this is to increase precept learning.
　　What is to learn more? Here, the bhikkhu lives in the first jhana of seeking and serving after he is absent from desires and unwholesome Dharma, and after detachment produces joy and happiness, he calms down with seeking and serving, with confidence, and one mind. After entering, he lives in no seeking, The second jhana of joy and happiness is born without waiting, concentration, which fades with joy and dwells in peace, has mindfulness and right knowledge, and feels happiness in the body. After entering, dwelling in this holy disciple proclaims: "He is calm and possessed The third jhana of "Mindfulness and abide in the happy", the renunciation of pleasure and the renunciation of suffering, and the extinction of joy and sorrow in the past, after entering, dwell in the third jhana where there is no suffering or unhappiness. Four jhana, this is to increase the mind.
　　What is to go to school? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise person, possessing the wisdom that leads to the arising and passing away; the holy, insight, and the complete extinction of suffering is [the wisdom], he truthfully knows "This is suffering. "Actually, I know "This is hard work. "Actually, I know "This is suffering. "Actually, I know "This is the path to misery. "To know the truth: "These are troubles. "To know the truth: "This is a collection of troubles. "To know the truth: "This is the elimination of worries. "To know the truth: "This is the path leading to troubles. 』This is to go to Hui School.
These three studies should be learned when heading towards (noting); learning when knowing; learning when seeing; learning when introspecting; learning when establishing (decision) when the heart is established; learning when solving with faith; when You should learn when you are vigorous; you should learn when mindfulness arises; you should learn when mind concentration (concentration); you should learn when you know with wisdom; you should learn when you know what should be known; when omniscience should be known We should learn when we are omniscient; we should learn when we should be renounced; we should learn when we should be practised; we should learn when we should be testified, we should practice, we should practice well, and we should learn when we are held to Turn up.
"Here" belongs to this view; belongs to this like; belongs to this hobby; in this attachment; in this law; in this law; in this law; in this teaching language (teaching); in this In the Brahma; in the teachings of this master; in this individual; in this human world, because that is called "here." "People", beings, human beings... (omitted) those born of Manu. "That's why people here should learn.
"You should know everything that is "incorrect" in the world": ""Anything", all completely, completely in every aspect, with no remaining ground, and the whole ground. This is the ubiquitous language, which is "anything". "You should know the "incorrect"", you should know that the improper body karma is "incorrect"; you should know that the improper language karma is "incorrect"; you should know that the improper mental karma is "incorrect"; you should know the improper killing It should be known as "incorrect"; it should be known that the unjust is not given and taken as "incorrect"; it should be known that the unjust delinquent is "incorrect"; it should be known that the unjust lie is "incorrect"; it should be known that the unjust divorce is It should be known that uncorrected vulgar language is "incorrect"; it should be known that uncorrected slurs are "incorrect"; it should be known that uncorrected greed is "incorrect"; it should be known that uncorrected malice is "incorrect"; One should know that wrong views are "unjust"; one should know the "unjust" behaviors about unjust; one should know that the five desires about unjust are "unjust"; one should know that the five senses of wrong are "unjust": It should be known, it should be known, it should be different, it should be known, and it should be understood. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted) in the world. "To know what is "wrong" in the world.
　　 "It should not be wrong for that reason": "[With] the cause of the wrong body karma should not be wrong; the cause of the wrong language karma should not be done or notRight; the cause of the wrong intentions should not be wrong; the wrong cause of killing should not be wrong; the wrong cause should not be given and the reason should not be wrong; the cause of wrongful adultery should not be wrong ; The cause of unjust slurs should not be wrong; the cause of unjust disjunctive language should not be wrong; the cause of unjust vulgar language should not be wrong; the cause of unjust slurs should not be wrong; The cause of greed should not be wrong; the cause of malice should not be wrong; the cause of wrong views should not be wrong; the causes of wrong things should not be wrong; the five causes of wrong desires It should not be wrong; the five causes of wrong should not be wrong; the cause of wrong thinking should not be wrong; the cause of wrong hope should not be wrong; the cause of wrong desire should not be wrong的: Should not be practiced, should not be fully practiced, should not be transferred after holding. "For that reason should not be wrong.
　　 "Because the wise people say that this life is little": "Life" is the survival of life; the turn of life, survival, and action; the guardian (keep) of life and the root of life. In addition, there are few lives due to two factors: there are few limited lives based on survival, or limited lives based on natural (self-taste). How is the limited life of existence less? Live in the past heart moment, [but] not live now, not live in the future; live in the future heart moment, [but] not live now and past not live; live in the present heart moment now, [but] past Not alive, not alive in the future.
　　 "Life and individual, all (only) happiness and suffering,
　　　 Taken with a single heart: it can turn around in an instant.
　　　 Where the heavens exist, eighty-four thousand tribulations,
　　　 But neither of them, combined to live by two hearts.
　　　 Anyone who dies or survives here, the aggregates are destroyed,
　　　 has gone, everything is, and the same cannot be restored.
　　　 Those who are immediately destroyed, and those who are destroyed in the future,
　　　[And] those who are destroyed in the middle are not unequal in characteristics.
　　　 could not help but was born, he lives now,
　　　 With the heart being destroyed, the world becomes dead, and it is the peace of the highest interest.
　　　 They happen as downward [flowing] and are intended to change,
　　　 They turn [such as] the uncut water flow, with six points as an edge.
　　　 The destroyed ones come without storage, and there will be no accumulation in the future,
　　　 And wherever arises, they survive, like mustard seeds at the tip of the cone [instance].
　　　 To the arising dharmas, destruction is placed in front of them,
　　　The broken dharmas remain, and they do not mix with the previous ones.
　　　 They come invisible, they see and leave from destruction,
　　　 Like lightning in the sky, they arise and dissipate. "
　　This is because the limited life that survives is less.
　　 How is the limited life of nature (self-taste) less? Life is the dependence of the breath; life is the dependence of the income; life is the dependence of the intake and exit; life is the dependence of the [four] species; life is the dependence of the mass-shaped food; life is the dependence of the warmth; life is the consciousness Dependence: These are fundamentally weak; the causes of these are also weak; those who rely on them are also weak; those who use them as power are also weak; the common foundation (earth) of these is also weak; these connections They are also weak; these co-borns are also weak; everything connected with them is also weak; these are habitually weak to each other; these are not standing on each other; these are mutually destructive (familiar); there is no mutual shelter, And these don't make them stand together; those who produce are not discovered.
　　 "No one disappears because of anyone, and these are indeed all destroyed,
　　　 These are produced from before, and those who produced them have died before
　　　 The former and the latter have never seen each other. "
　　 This is because natural (self-taste) limited life is less.
In addition, comparing the lives of the four kings, Tiantianshen, life is less for humans, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is rapid, life is short, life is not a long time Yes, the fate is to live soon, the thirty-three heavenly gods...(omitted) Yematian gods...dust-day gods...transformed into the happy heaven gods...he transformed into the heavenly gods...compared to the life of the Brahma gods, to people Life is small, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is fast, life is short, life is long, and life is short-lived.
　　 This was said by the World Zun:
　　 "Bhikkhus! The life span of human beings is short, and they must come to life. A wise man should be awakened, be kind, and practice brahma. All living are dead, bhikkhus! Those who live the elder haveA hundred years or more. "
　　 "The life span of a person is short, and good people should contempt it,
　　　 should be alive and burned, [because] there is no death to come. [SN.4.9]
　　　 Day and night pass, life is destroyed,
　　　 inevitably the life span of a dead person is exhausted, like water in a small river. "[SN.4.10]
"Because the wise people say that this life is little": "The wise one is the sage; the wise one is the sage; the wise one is the sage; the wicked one is the sage, and the wisdom is called wisdom , That is wisdom, understanding, simple selection, investigation, method selection, identification, discrimination, close observation, wise (erudition), proficiency, cleverness, contemplation, deep contemplation, examination, vast (comprehensive), wisdom, wisdom, admiration Po Shena, Righteous Knowledge, Stabbing Rod, Wisdom, Wisdom Root, Wisdom, Wisdom Sword, Wisdom Hall, Wisdom Guangming, Wisdom Light, Wisdom Light, Wisdom, No Deception, Choosing Dharma, Right View [See Unobstructed Solution <1 .Talk of Wisdom> Paragraph 109. Suffering Wisdom], regard the state of wisdom as the wise. In addition, the sage of accumulation, the sage of the realm, the sage of the place, the sage of dependent origin, the sage of mindfulness, the sage of diligence The sage, the sage of the gods, the sage of the root, the sage of strength, the sage of enlightenment, the sage of Tao, the sage of fruit, the sage of Nirvana, those sages say: "For people, life is small, life is insignificant Fate is only a few, fate is instant, fate is rapid, fate is short, fate is long-term, fate is short-lived." They say so, tell so, talk so, explain so, Say so.” Because the wise people say that this life is short.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　"So here, people should learn, and they should know anything that is "incorrect" in the world,
　　　 It should not be wrong for that reason, because the wise people say that this life is small. "
　　11. I saw the world trembling: This generation comes to craving love among all beings,
　　　 The inferior people grumble before death: Those who are not separated from the thirsty are in various things.
"I see the world trembling": ""I saw", I saw with the naked eye, I saw with the eye of the sky, I saw with the eye of the eye, I saw with the eyes of the Buddha, I saw with all eyes, I saw , I watch, I meditate, I observe. "In the world": In the world of suffering, in the world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the world of aggregates, in the world of realms, in the world of being.
"Trembling (throbbing)", throbbing with throbbing throbbing with love; throbbing with throbbing of seeing; throbbing throbbing with pollution; throbbing with throbbing effort Throbbing with the throbbing of the fruit; throbbing with the throbbing of the evil deeds; throbbing with the throbbing with the greed; throbbing with the anger of anger; throbbing with the idiot; Be bound and throbbing with slowness; throbbing with clinging to seeing; throbbing with disorganization and throbbing; throbbing with doubtful failure to rely on; worrying about potential trends Throbbing with power; Throbbing with Elijah; Throbbing with no profit; Throbbing with fame; Throbbing with no fame; Throbbing with praise; Throbbing with rebuke Moving; throbbing with pleasure; throbbing with suffering; throbbing with life; throbbing with old age; throbbing with sickness; throbbing with death; throbbing with sadness and despair And throbbing; throbbing with the suffering of falling into hell; throbbing with the suffering of falling beasts; throbbing with the suffering of falling ghosts; throbbing with the suffering of the world; with roots in Throbbing with the suffering of entering the womb; pulsating with the suffering that is rooted in the womb; pulsating with the suffering of the birth; pulsating with the suffering of the living; People are throbbing with the suffering of others' manipulation (placement); throbbing with the suffering of their own actions; throbbing with the sufferings of others' actions; throbbing with suffering; throbbing with the sufferings of doing; Throbbing with the pain of change; Throbbing with the suffering of eye disease; Throbbing with the suffering of ear disease; Throbbing with the suffering of nose disease... (Omitted) With tongue disease... With body disease... With head disease ...External ear disease...with mouth disease...with tooth disease...with cough...with asthma...external nasal disease...with fever...with old age...with abdominal disease...with coma...with dysentery... ...To abdominal pain...to cholera...to leprosy...to tumor...to ringworm...to lung disease...to epilepsy...to ringworm...to scabies...to rheumatoid ringworm...to scratching (a kind of Leprosy)...with dry and cracked skin...with blood gall bladder...with diabetes...with hemorrhoids...with rash (boils)...with hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer)...with gallbladder...with phlegm... Diseases...disease caused by the wind...disease caused by [three] groups...disease caused by seasonal changes...disease caused by incorrect posture...disease caused by sudden attack...with Diseases born from the fruit of karma...With cold... With heat... With hunger... With thirst... With dung... With urine... With the pain of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and the snake... With the suffering of the dead mother... With the suffering of the dead father... The suffering of brothers... the suffering of sisters... the suffering of children... the suffering of deceased daughters... the loss of relatives... the loss of wealth... the loss of disease... the decline of precepts Loss... I throbbed, throbbed completely, expanded throbbing, trembling, trembling (strong trembling), trembling (strongly trembling) with the pain of seeing, I saw, I watch, I watch, I observe. "Because I saw the world trembling.
"This generation comes to thirst among all beings": ""Generation (people)" is synonymous with all beings. "Thirst" is the craving for color, the craving for sound, the craving for smell, the craving for taste , The thirst of the touch, the thirst of the law. "Come to thirst", comes to thirst; followed by thirst; followed by thirst; approached by thirst; overwhelmed by thirst, conquered The heart is plucked all over. "In all beings" is desire, color, and colorlessness." For this generation to come to thirst and love in all beings.
"Inferior people complain before death": ""Inferior people", inferior people "have inferior body karma" as inferior people; "have inferior language karma" as inferior people; "have inferior karma" as Inferior people; "have the inferior to kill" is the inferior person; the inferior does not give and takes... (slightly) the inferior evil... the inferior lies... the inferior divorce... the inferior vulgar language... ...Inferior malice...inferior evil views...inferior actions...inferior five desires, cover...inferior thinking (intent)...inferior hope... "have the inferior desire" as an inferior person, "inferior, inferior , Inferior, inferior, inferior intent, insignificant" is the inferior person. "To grumble at the mouth of death (in front)", "at the mouth of death" means at the mouth of the demon; at the mouth of death; reached death; reached Death; is close to death; has reached the demon; has reached the demon; is close to the demon; has reached the death; has reached the death; is close to death, they grumble, weep (talk a lot), sad, tired, weep, beat their chests and cry , Come to confusion." The inferior person complained at the death mouth (front).
"Undifferent ones who thirst for love are in all kinds of existence": "The thirst of "thirst for love" is the craving of the law... (in the abbreviation) the thirst for Dharma. There is again; in the karma of desire to have, in the karma of material existence; in the karma of material existence, in the colorless existence; in the karma of colorless existence, there is again and again There is again; in the repeated interest, in the rebirth, in the rebirth, in the birth of the individual, not to leave the thirsty, not to leave the thirsty, not to give up the thirsty, not to exclude the thirsty , Those who have not yet released their thirst, have not given up their thirst, have not yet thought of those who have thirst for love.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "I see the world trembling: this generation comes to thirst among all beings,
　　　 The inferior people grumble before death: Those who are not separated from the thirsty are in various things. "
　　12. Look! Throbbing takes things as their own, like a fish in a little depleted water,
　　　 should also do nothing after seeing this: not being a persistent one in being.
　　 "Look! People who throb take things as their own": "I'm clinging", there are two types of my clinging: [because] thirsty ego and [because] see. What is the thirsty ego? All are called boundaries, realms, scopes, boundaries, clinging, and all that are called by craving: this is mine, this is mine, so much is mine Yes, this area is mine; my color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things spread on the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and horses, mules and horses , Fields, homes, gold, gold coins, villages, towns, royal capitals, places, treasury, warehouses, all the land, because of their thirst and regard them as their own, all 108 thirst thoughts [AN. 4.199] This is the attachment of the thirsty ego.
　　What is the self holding by seeing? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle views, desert views, distorted views, shaken views, The clinging, acceptance, holding, clinging to the bound view, the place where the evil way, the evil way, the evil nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion (vipariyesa), the clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion (vipallāsa) The grip of the evil, the grip of evil, the grip of "the unreal [see] the real", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, thisIt’s what I see. "Look! People who throb take things as their own": "They throb when they are treated as their own things, they are afraid of being robbed, they also throb when they are robbed, they also throb when they are robbed; They throbbed when they doubted and feared changes, and when they changed, they also throbbed, throbbed strongly, throbbed completely, throbbed broadly, trembling, trembling, and trembling greatly when they changed. When throbbing, strong throbbing, full throbbing, expanding throbbing, trembling, trembling, or trembling greatly, please see, please see, please watch, please watch, please watch.” For you! Throbbing takes things as their own.
"Like a fish in a little water that is depleted": "If a fish is attacked, picked up, or eaten by a crow or eagle or crane in a little water, little water, or water, they throb and force Throbbing, full throbbing, enlarged throbbing, trembling, trembling, trembling. Similarly, people (generations) are treated as their own things, they are afraid of being robbed, they are trembling, when they are robbed, they are also They also throb when they are robbed; they throb when they are regarded as their own doubts and fears change, they also throb when they change, and when they have changed they also throb, strongly throb, completely throb, expand their throbs, Shivering, trembling, trembling greatly." Like a fish in a little water that has been exhausted.
"After seeing this, one should also do no-self": ""This fault: after seeing, after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." after seeing this. "Should do no-self", there are two kinds of self-holdings: [because] the thirsty self-holding and [because] sees the self-holding.... (Omitted) This is the thirsty self-holding...( (Omitted) This is the self-holding of seeing. If you break away from the self-holding of the one who is thirsty; if you cut off the self-holding of seeing, he [keep] not taking the eyes as his own; not taking the ears as his own; not taking the nose Take it as your own; don’t take the tongue as your own; don’t take the body as your own; don’t take the mind as your own; all colors...all sounds...all smells...all tastes...all touches...all dharmas... Home... Group (people)... Housing... Gain... Reputation... Praise... Music... Clothes... Food... Housing... Patient's necessities and medical necessities... Desire... Sex... Colorless Realm... Desire to have... Color to have... Colorless to have... Want to have... No want to have... Not to want to have... One aggregate has... Four aggregates have... Five aggregates have... Past... The future...now...don’t take the dhammas that he sees, hears, feels, and can be known as his own, he [keep] not holding, clinging, or clinging, he should act, should live, and should Action, should be turned, should be guarded, should be made to survive, should be made to survive." After seeing this, one should also do nothing.
　　 "Not being a persistent person in being": "Being in being", being in desire, being in color, being in colorless being. Attachment is called craving, which is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Not being a persistent person in being": "Being in being-clinging-not authoring; unauthored by desire, love, greed, liking, not being born, not being produced, not being born, not being born ." For those who are not a persistent writer.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "Look! The throbbing person regards things as his own, like a fish in a little depleted water,
　　　 should also do nothing after seeing this: not being a persistent one in being. "
　　 13. After adjusting the desire on both sides, omniscience will not follow the greed after the touch,
　　　Whoever reprimands himself does not carry out that, and the wise are not contaminated by what he sees and hears (Ceylon version).
"After tempering desire on both sides": "side", touch is one side, touch set is the second side; the past is one side, the future is the second side; pleasure is one side, suffering is the second side; called one side, color It is the second side; the six inside is one side, and the six outside is the second side; there is body as one side, and the body set is the second side. "Desire" means the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the thirst of desire, the love of desire, the taking of desire, the enthusiasm of desire, the fascination of desire, the torrent of desire, The yoke (binding) of desire, the grasping of desire, the cover of desire. "After tempering the desire on both sides": "The desires on both sides should be tempered, expelled, cut off, expelled, should end, and should be made to cease to exist." It is after tempering desire on both sides.
"Observing after touch, there is no greed": ""touch", eye touch, ear touch, nose touch, tongue touch, body touch, intention touch, name touch, opposite touch [DN.15], can feel pleasure Touch, can feel the bitter touch, can feel the touch that is neither bitter nor happy, good touch, bad touch, no memory touch, desire touch, color touch, colorless touch, empty touch, non-contact touch , Unwilling to touch, world touch, outThe world touch, the past touch, the future touch, the present touch, any touch, touch, complete touch, and touch like this are called touch.
　　 "Aftertouch of omniscience", with three kinds of omniscience and omniscience after touch: knowing and omniscience, measuring omniscience, and abandoning omniscience. What is known and omniscience? 『Knowing touch: this is eye touch, this is ear touch, this is nose touch, this is tongue touch, this is body touch, this is mental touch, this is name touch, this is opposite touch, this is the ability to feel pleasure This is the touch that can feel suffering, this is the touch that can feel neither pain nor happiness, this is good touch, this is unwholesome touch, this is non-remembering touch, this is the state touch of desire, this is physical Boundary touch, this is colorless touch, this is empty touch, this is non-contact touch, this is unwilling touch, this is world touch, this is transworld touch, this is past touch, this is future touch, this It is touch now. He knows, sees, this is knowing and omniscience.
　　What is measuring omniscience? After knowing this, touch him to measure impermanence, suffering, sickness, tumor, arrow, curse, disease, other side, corruption, disaster, evil, terror, disaster, Mobile, perishable, unstable, no shelter, no refuge, no refuge [, no refuge], abandoned, hypocritical, empty, selfless, trouble, changeable law, no The truth, the root of misfortune, the murderer, the nothing, the troubled, the promising, the magic food (bait), the law of birth, old age, the law of death, the law of sorrow and despair, the law of pollution, he made it to be measured Rise, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and renunciation are all measures of omniscience.
　　What is renunciation and omniscience? After weighing in this way, the desire to touch, greedy others, give up, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence. This was said by the Blessed One: "Monks! All the desires and greed about contact must be cut off. In this way, the contact will be cut off, and the roots will be cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and immortal for the future. [SN.22.25]』This is renunciation and omniscience. "Observing aftertouch", with these three types of omniscience and aftertouch. "There is no greed", greed is called craving, which is greed, greed... (omitted) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. Anyone who is cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom for him is called a craving-free person. He is not craving in appearance; in sound. It is not greedy; it is not greedy in smell; it is not greedy in taste; it is not greedy in touch; at home...in group (congregation)...in residence...in profit ...In reputation...in praise...in music...in clothes...in group food...in residence...in the needs of patients and medical necessities, there is no covetousness; in the world of desire On...on the world of material...on the world of colorless...on desire...on material...on colorless being...on thinking...on non-thinking...in non-imagining I don’t want to have...in one aggregate...in the four aggregates...in the five aggregates...in the past...in the future...in the present...in what you see, hear, feel, The dharmas that can be known are those that are not craving, not bound, infatuated, innocent, free from craving, without craving, abandoned craving, eliminated craving, and freed from craving , Those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have no greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have eliminated greed, those who have been freed from greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, Those who are not hungry, extinguished, have become cool, feel happy, and live by themselves as Brahman. "For omniscience, without greed after touch.
"Whoever scolds himself, he does not carry out that": ""Everything" is nothing. "Rebuke myself", rebukes himself for two reasons: what is done and what is not done. What is done and what is not done He rebuked himself for what I did? "The bad behaviors I did, the good behaviors I didn't do." He rebuked himself; "The words evil done by me, the good words didn't." He rebuked Himself; "The evil intentions that I did, the good intentions that were not done by me." He rebuked himself; "The killings that I did, the quit killings that were not done by me." He rebuked himself; "Is done He didn’t give it and took it without giving it.” He rebuked himself; “The adultery that was done by me, and the adultery that was not done by me.” He rebuked himself; “The lie that I did.” He reprimanded himself; "The divorced words that I did, and the divorced words that were not made by me." He rebuked himself; "The vulgar words made by me were not made by me. He abstained from vulgar language." He rebuked himself; "The slurs that I did, and the slurs that were not made by me." He rebuked himself; "The greed that was made by me was not greedy for what was not made by me." He rebuked himself; "The evil that was done by me, the harmlessness that was not done by me." He rebuked himself; "The evil view that was done by me, noRight view made by me. He rebuked himself, and he rebuked himself for what was done and what was not done. Or, "I am not a full-fledged person in the ring. He rebuked himself, "I am not the guardian of the roots. He rebuked himself, "I am not a person who knows how to eat. He rebuked himself, "I am not a sober person. He rebuked himself, "I am not a person with mindfulness and right knowledge. He rebuked himself, "Satisfaction has not been practiced by me." He rebuked himself, "Sizhengqin has not been practiced by me." "He rebuked himself, "The four gods have not been practiced by me." He rebuked himself, "The five elements have not been studied by me." He rebuked himself, "I haven't practiced the five powers." He rebuked himself, "The Seven Enlightenment Elements have not been studied by me." He rebuked himself, "The eight holy paths have not been practiced by me." He rebuked himself, "I don't know the suffering." "He rebuked himself, "The episode was not cut by me." He rebuked himself, "The Tao has not been practiced by me." He rebuked himself, "Mie has not been testified by me." He rebukes himself. This is what has been done and what has not been done. He rebukes himself, and rebukes his own karma (behavior) for not carrying out, not producing, not born, not born, or arises. "He doesn't carry out that for those who scold himself. "The wise man is not contaminated by what he sees and hears": ""Adhesion", there are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of eagerness and [because] the adhesion of seeing... (omitted) This is thirsty Adhesion... (slightly omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing. "The wise man" is the wise man, the wise man, the enlightened man, the wise man, the distinguished man, the wise man, and the wise man who has given up his craving for adhesion , After breaking the adhesion of the mind, it will not be contaminated in what you see; not contaminated in what you smell; not contaminated in what you feel; not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated (not contaminated), no longer Contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated closely. He has left, has left, has been freed, has been freed from bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted." The wise man is not contaminated by what he sees and hears.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　"After tempting desires on both sides, omniscience will not follow greed,
　　　Whoever reprimands himself does not carry out that, and the wise are not contaminated by what he sees and hears (Ceylon version). "
　　14. After omniscience and thought, the torrential flow can be increased, and Muni will not be polluted in everything
　　　 has pulled out the stabbing and unbridled walker, do not want this world and others.
"Thinking of omniscience can be more violent": ""Thinking", wanting, malicious, harmful, absent, innocent, non-harmful, lust, sound, smell, taste , Tactile thinking, and dhamma thinking. Any state of thinking, cognition, and cognition like this is called thinking. "After omniscience and thinking", there are three kinds of omniscience: knowing omniscience, measuring omniscience, and renunciation Omniscience.
　　 What is knowing and omniscience? Knowing to think: "This is desire, this is malicious thought, this is harmful thought, this is absent wish, this is harmless thought, this is harmless thought, this is sexual thought, this is sound thought, this is smell Thinking, this is taste thinking, this is tactile thinking, this is dharma thinking. He knows, sees, this is knowing and omniscience.
　　What is measuring omniscience? "After knowing this, I want him to judge it to be impermanent, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, curse, disease, the other side, corrupt, catastrophic, evil, terror, disaster , Mobile, perishable... (omitted) He makes it to be measured by gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and detachment. 』This is a measure of omniscience.
　　What is renunciation and omniscience? After measuring in this way, the desire to think, greedy others, let go, drive away, [make the end,] make it non-existent. Because this was said by the Lord: "Monks! All the desires and greed about thinking must be cut off. In this way, that presumably will be cut off, and the roots will be cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and immortal for the future. "[SN.22.25] This is omniscience. "After omniscience and thinking", with these three kinds of omniscience and thinking after. "Able to overcome the storm", the storm of desire, some storms, the storm of seeing, the storm of ignorance, he can survive, surpass, pass, pass, and overcome. "After thinking about omniscience, the violent storm can be increased.
"Muni is not contaminated in possessions": ""Properties", there are two kinds of possessions: [Because] the thirsty possessions and [Because] sees... (Omitted) This is thirsty Ownership... (Omitted in the middle) This is what you see. "Muni", "Muna is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (Omitted) No delusion, Dhamma, right view, possessing that wisdom Muni and Da Muna.” There are three kinds of muni (perfect virtues): body muni, language muni, and meaning muni.
　　What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as the muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the muni position; the wisdom of the body is the muni position; the omniscience of the body is the muni position; and omniscienceThe path of all acts is the position of the body; the desire and greed about the body are cut off as the position of the body; the fourth jhana of the body [in and out of breath] extinction is the position of the body, which is the position of the body. .
　　What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds is the position of Yumuni; the four kinds of good acts of language are the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni; the omniscience of language is the position of Muni; and omniscience The path of all acts is the position of Yumuni; the abandonment of desire and greed about language is the position of Yumuni; the second Zen of Yuxing [Xunsi] is the position of Yumuni, which is the position of Yumuni. .
　　What is Yimuni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are the muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the muni position; the wisdom in the mind-object is the muni position; the omniscience of the heart is the muni position; the one that works with omniscience Tao is the position of muni; the desire and greed about the heart are judged to be the position of muni; the desire to perish the mind is the position of muni, which is the position of muni.
　　『Shen Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,
　　　Muni has the status of Muni, and they say it is the one who cuts everything.
　　　 Body Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,
　　　Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil. 』
　　 The six types of Muni have these three modes of muni: "Muni at home, Muni without home, Muni without learning, Muni without learning, Pichi Muni, Muni [in] Muni. 』Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footprints and have learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those monks who have seen the footprints and who have learned the precepts are homeless Muni. There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning Muni, and Pichi Buddha as Pichi Muni. Muni [in] Muni is called Tathagata, Arahant, and Enlightened One.
　　『Non-Muna (silence) is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,
　　　 After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.
　　　 avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,
　　　 Everyone who understands the [inner and outer sum] in the world, because that is said to be Muni.
　　　 knows all the inside and outside of the world, the unwholesome and the good behind the law,
　　　 Everyone who is supported by heaven and man (respected), beyond dyeing the net, he is Muni. 』
"Adhesion", there are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of eagerness and [cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of craving... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing . After Munishe broke off the adhesion of thirst, and after breaking the adhesion of seeing, he will not contaminate, not strongly contaminate, not closely contaminate everything, no longer contaminate, no longer contaminate strongly, and no longer contaminate closely. He has left, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of freedom and restriction. "It means that Muni is not contaminated in possessions.
"Anyone who has pulled out the stabbing arrow and does not let go": ""Stabbing arrow", "There are seven stabbing arrows: greedy stabbing arrow, anger stabbing arrow, crazy stabbing arrow, slow stabbing arrow, seeing stabbing arrow, sad stabbing arrow, Doubtful piercing arrows. For him who these piercing arrows are cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the piercing arrow who has pulled out the piercing arrow. Those who have pulled out the stab, have pulled out the stab, have removed the stab, have completely removed the stab, have abandoned the stab, have removed the stab, have freed the stab, have dropped The arrow stabbing person, the one who has stopped thinking about the arrow stabbing, the person who is not hungry, the person who has cooled down, the person who has become cool, the person who feels happiness, and the person who lives with himself as the brahman." is the person who has pulled the arrow.
　　 "Walker", when walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding, making existence, making existence. "Those who do not let go" are respectful authors, regular authors, non-stop authors, those who are not adhered to, those who do not neglect their desires, and those who do not neglect responsibilities in the good law; Can the completed vows or the completed vows be funded everywhere with wisdom? "Where he has intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, righteous knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment, practice, and not letting go in good dharma; "how can I complete the unfinished concentration, or Can the completed Dharma Yun be funded everywhere with wisdom? "... (omitted) on the good Dharma [not let go]; how can I complete the unfinished wisdom accumulation... the liberation accumulation... "how can I complete the unfinished liberating wisdom perception aggregate, or the completed liberating wisdom See Yunneng funded everywhere with wisdom? "Where he has intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, righteous knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment, practice, and not letting go in the good law; "how can I know the suffering of the unknown, Or can you let go of the pollution that hasn't let go, or can practice the way you haven't practiced, or can you testify before you die? 』Where he has the will, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, righteous knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment, practice, and perseverance in good law. "It is a walker who has pulled out the stabbing arrow and does not let go.
　　 "I don’t want this world and other": "He does not want this world: his own state, he does not want other worlds: the state of other people. He does not want this world: his own body, feeling, thought, behavior, knowledge, and does not want other worlds: other people No desire for this world: the six inner worlds, and no other worlds: the six outer worlds. Do not desire this world: the human world, do not desire other worlds: the heavenly world. No I hope for this world: the world of desire, and don’t want other worlds: the world of materiality, the world of colorlessness. I don’t want this world: the world of desire, the world of physicality, and don’t want other worlds: the world of colorlessness. The second place of interest, or death, or rebirth , Contingent (existence), or reincarnation, or rebirth. He does not hope, want, accept, hope, hope, or pray." Because he does not want this world and others.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "After omniscience, you can get more violent, and Muni will not be polluted in all things,
　　　 has pulled out the stabbing and unbridled walker, do not want this world and others. "
　　The description of the eight sets of sutras in the cave second [completed].


Summary:
　1. The person who desires (expects/wants) is stuck in the cave (body) far away.
　2. Not free from others ⇒ Tathagata is just a guide (MA.144).
　3. Life is short, not being combined by two hearts to live, like lightning in the sky, they arise and dissipate.
　4. The throbbing person regards things as his own, like a fish in a little depleted water, and the wise person is not contaminated by what he sees or hears.
　12/10/2020 16:23
