4. Explanation of the Pure Eight Groups
　　Secondly, the explanation of the Pure Eight Groups will say:
　　23. I see purity: the highest disease-free, which is completely pure by seeing and human beings,
　　　 When he knows that "it is the highest" when he knows this way, "he is the pure one who observes" he returns to wisdom.
"I see purity: the highest disease-free": ""I see purity", I see purity, I see purity, I watch purity, I observe purity, I observe purity. "The highest disease-free", the highest, reaches the disease-free , The one who reaches the sanctuary, the one who reaches the refuge, the one who reaches the refuge, the one who reaches no fear, the one who reaches the immortality, the one who reaches the immortality, the one who reaches Nirvana." I saw purity: the highest disease-free.
"To see the complete purity of some people": "To see the material (Sri Lanka version) with the eyes to see the purity, purity, and purity of a person; detachment, liberation, and detachment, and a person becomes pure, pure, and pure; Be freed, freed, freed everywhere." To see and be completely pure for human beings.
"When he knows this way, he knows that "it is the highest"": "When this way of knowing, knowing, disagreeing, knowing, and penetrating. "This is the highest, the first, the most superior, the most superior , The top, the top, the top." After he knows, understands, weighs, judges, separates, and clarifies." When he proves this way, he knows that "it is the highest."
""He is the one who observes purity" He returns to wisdom": "Whoever sees purity, he is the one who observes purity. "He returns to wisdom." He who sees color with eye awareness returns to "wisdom"; "; Return to "Road"; Return to "Exit"." He returns to wisdom for "He is the pure one who obeys."
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "I see purity: the highest disease-free, which is completely pure by seeing and man,
　　　 When he knows that "it is the highest" when he proves it in this way, "he is the pure one who observes" he returns to wisdom. "
　　 24. If someone is pure by seeing, or if he is wise to give up suffering,
　　　, there is someone who depends on others to become pure. It should be said that he is indeed such a speaker.
"If we see and see the purity of mankind": "If we see the form with our eyes, if we are pure, pure, and pure; freed, freed, and freed, we will become pure, pure, and pure; be freed, be To be liberated, to be liberated everywhere." It is the purity of man if he sees.
"Or he can give up suffering with wisdom": "I can see with his eyes and see if one gives up life and suffering, old suffering, sickness, death, and sorrow, sorrow, despair and suffering." Give up suffering.
"There are those who rely on others to become pure": "With other things, impure ways, evil ways, and non-existence, in addition to mindfulness, in addition to all right work, in addition to all In addition to the god feet, in addition to the roots, in addition to the strengths, in addition to the enlightenment, in addition to the eight branches of the holy path, man becomes pure, becomes pure, becomes pure throughout; is freed, liberated, and Departure from all over. The "reliant" are those who have greed, hatred, idiots, slow, thirsty, [evil] seers, polluters, and clingers." The author becomes pure with others.
"It should be said that he is indeed such a speaker": "The one who sees and speaks: Like this, this person is a wrong view, a reverse view. "It is such a speaker", is such a speaker, Narrator, speaker, explainer, speaker: "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else is empty." It is such a speaker, narrator, speaker, explainer, Speaker; "The world is very constant... (Omitted) The world is bounded... The world is boundless... Fate is the body... Fate is one body is another... Tathagata exists after death... Doesn’t Tathagata come after death Existence... The Tathagata after death exists and does not exist... The Tathagata after death neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, and everything else is empty." It is such a speaker, narrator, talker, and interpreter , The speaker.” For the sake of seeing that he is indeed such a speaker.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "If someone is pure by seeing, or if he is wise to give up suffering,
　　　, there is someone who depends on others to become pure. It should be said that he is indeed such a speaker. "
　　25. Brahmans do not say pure from others, but in what they see, hear, precept and prohibit or feel,
　　　 is not contaminated in merit and evil: abandon what is taken, not make it here.
"Brahmins are not pure from others, but in what they see, hear, precepts and prohibitions or perceptions": ""No" means negation. "Brahman", the excluded state of the Seven Dharma is Brahman: seeing is excluded, Suspected of being ruled out, bannedTake is excluded, greed is excluded, hatred is excluded, ignorance is eliminated, slow is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods are eliminated: the polluted ones, the ones that are again, the ones that have fear, the ones that will suffer the consequences, the ones that will die in the future.
　　[World Zun: 『Sexy! 』][Sn.3.6, 524 verses]
　　 After all evil is eliminated, the state of being standing in the standing state,
　　 After he transcends reincarnation, he becomes a Consummation. Those who are not dependent and like this can be called a Brahman.
"Brahmins do not say pure from others", "With other things, impure ways, evil ways, and non-existence, except for the mindfulness, except for the righteousness, except for the gods, In addition to the roots, in addition to the powers, in addition to the enlightenment factors, and in addition to the eight branches of the holy path, there is purity, purity, and purity; detachment, liberation, and detachment, Brahman does not speak, speak, or talk , Do not explain, do not say. "For the Brahmin, it is not pure from others.
"In what you see, hear, precept and prohibit or perceive." Some Shamen and Brahmins regard seeing as pure. They believe (identify) seeing certain forms as auspicious, and believe that seeing certain forms as Unlucky. What kind of sight do they believe is auspicious? In the early morning (after coming out of the black one) they saw the auspicious forms: seeing sparrows, seeing the gorgeous and colorful Wiluwa trees, seeing pregnant women, seeing the boy walking behind the shoulders, seeing the already Full of urns, seeing salmon, seeing horses, seeing horse carts, seeing bulls (cattle king), seeing oxen, they believe that seeing things like that is auspicious. What kinds of sights do they believe is unlucky? See the straw pile, see the butter urn, see the empty urn, see the dancers, see the nude fake sand gate, see the donkey horse, see the donkey carriage ride, see the single yoke ride, see the one-eyed person, see the hand deformity, see the lame person, see the half body Those who see the elderly, and the sick, they believe that it is unlucky to see things like that. These are those Shamons and Brahmins who see what they see as pure. They believe in what they see as pure, pure, and all-free; detachment, liberation, and detachment.
　　 Some Shamen and Brahmins regard what they hear is pure. They believe that hearing certain sounds is auspicious, and they believe that hearing certain sounds is unlucky. Which voices do they believe is auspicious? In the early morning (after coming out of the dark one) they heard an auspicious voice: "Zeng (富) [字]", or "Expensive (卍)", or "Full", or "Gorgeous", or "Worry-free" , Or "goodwill", or "good star", or "good luck", or "lucky", or "lucky increase", they believe that hearing sounds like this is auspicious. Which voices do they believe is unlucky? "One eye [word]", or "hand deformity", or "lame", or "hemiplegia", or "elderly", or "patient", or "dead", or "cut", or " "Broken", or "burned", or "disappeared", or "none", they believe that hearing sounds like this is unlucky. These are those Salmons and Brahmins who regard what they hear as pure, and they believe that what they hear is pure, pure, and all-free; escape, liberation, and all-free.
　　Some Samanas and Brahmins regard precepts as purity. They believe that the degree of precept, the degree of [self] restraint, the degree of self-control, and the degree of non-violation are pure, pure, and pure; detachment, liberation, and detachment. Shamen Mudi Gezhizi said: The owner! I have established that the men who possess the four methods are those who have goodness, the highest of goodness, those who obtain the supreme attainment, and the sandmen who cannot overcome them. Which four? Homeowner! Here, he does not act as evil deeds, does not speak evil words, does not intend with evil intentions, does not live a life of evil, the owner! I have established that the man who possesses these four methods is the one who has goodness, the supreme one who is good, the one who is supremely attained, and the unsurpassable Shaman [MN.78]. Similarly, some Samanas and Brahmins regard precepts as pure. They believe that the degree of precepts, the degree of [self] inhibition, the degree of self-control, the degree of non-violation are pure, pure, and pure; detachment, liberation, and purity. Break away.
Some Shamen and Brahmins regard the prohibition as pure. They are those who guard the elephant, or the horse, or the cow, or the dog, or the crow, or Vishnu God restrainer, or guarding force and heaven restrainer, or guarding the sage restrainer, or guarding the pearl sage restrainer, or guarding the fire restraint, or guarding the dragon restraining, or keeping the golden-winged bird restraining , Or the yaksha restrainer, or the asura restrainer, or the Gandapo restraint, or the great king restraint, or the moon restraint, or the sun restraint, or the guarding Indra Luo BanjianThose who guard the Brahma prohibition, or the heaven prohibition, or the position prohibition, these are those Shamen and Brahmins who use prohibition as pure, and they believe that prohibition is pure, pure, and pure; escape, liberation, All over.
Some Salmons and Brahmins consider what they feel is pure. They touch the earth, grass, cow dung, turtle, hoe, sesame truck, chew auspicious sesame seeds, chew auspicious oil, chew auspicious tooth wood, and Auspicious soil takes a bath, wears auspicious clothes, and wraps a lucky headscarf. These are those Shamen and Brahmins who perceive what they perceive as pure, they believe in perceiving as pure, pure, and all-free; escape, liberation, all-free. [This is] Brahman does not say pure from others.
"In what you see, hear, precept and prohibition or perception", Brahman does not say purity by what he sees; he does not say purity by what he hears; he is not pure by precepts as pure; he is not pure by prohibition as pure; and he is not by what he feels. Purity means purity; don’t tell, don’t talk, don’t explain, don’t talk. "It's because the Brahman doesn't say pure from others, but in what you see, hear, precept and prohibit or feel.
"Not to be polluted in virtue and evil": "Fortune is called all the good works of the three realms, and non-benefit is called all unwholesome. Because the good deeds and non-blessings and immovable deeds are cut off, the root It has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming a non-being, something that will not be born for the future. In this case, it is not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated (not contaminated) in virtue and evil. Contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated closely. He has left, has left, has been freed, has been freed from bondage, he lives with the heart of being free and restricted." In order not to be polluted in virtue and evil.
"Abandon what you take, and those who don’t make it here": ""Abandon what you take" means forsaking my vision; "abandon what you take" means forsaking perseverance; "forsaking what you take" means holding on because of craving for love and seeing All that is held, clinging, clinging, taking, and faithful to understand are all abandoned, spit out, released, abandoned, and discontinued by him. "Those who are not made here", blessings are not blessings or not The maker, the one that is not made to be born, the one that is not to be produced, the one that is not to be born, the one that is not to be born." Those who are taken for rejection, are not made here.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "The Brahman is not pure from others, but in what you see, hear, precept and prohibit or feel,
　　　 is not contaminated in merit and evil: abandon what is taken, not make it here. "
　　 26. After cutting off the previous one and becoming the subsequent follower, the disturbed followers do not get through the dye,
　　　 They pick up and let go, like a monkey grabbing a branch and letting go.
"Reject the former and become the subsequent adherents": "The former masters become the adherents of other masters; the narratives of the previous methods become the adherents of other narrations; the masses before the abandonment Become the supporter of the other masses afterwards; renounce the previous view and become the supporter of other views; renounce the previous path and become the supporter of other paths; renounce the previous path and become the supporter of other paths Those who are completely dependent, adherents, entrants, dyers, and those who turn their minds towards (victorious solution)." It means to cut off the previous and then become the subsequent dependent.
"Followers who are disturbed do not get through the infection": "Disturbance is called craving, which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (omitted) greed, greed, and bad roots. "Disturbed followers", disturbed The follower, the disturbed follower, the disturbed follower, the one who is taken down by the disturbance, the overthrown, the conqueror, the one whose heart is overtaken. "They don't get through the dye", the greedy dyed, the hatred dyed, They don’t get over, don’t transcend, don’t pass, don’t overstep, don’t overcome, for disturbed followers, they don’t get over it. Dyed.
"They pick up and let go": "They grab (pick up) the master, let go of that one and then grab other masters; grab the narration of the law, let go of that and grab the narration of other laws; grab the crowd, Let go of that one and grab other people; grab the sight, let go of that and grab other sights; grab the trail, let go of that and grab other trails; hold on to the road, let go of that and grab other trails, They catch and let go; take and let go.” Pick up and let go for them.
"Like a monkey grabbing a branch and letting it go": "Like a monkey roaming in the woods and forests grabbing a branch, letting go of that branch and then grabbing another branch [SN.12.61], the same, most of the sandmen and brahmins Catch and let go; take and let go of most evil opinions." Like a monkey grabbing a branch and letting go.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "After breaking the previous one and becoming the subsequent follower, the disturbed followers do not get through the dye,
　　　 They pick up and let go, likeThe monkey grabbed the branch and let it go. "
　　 27. After the person himself is restrained by holding, he is wanted to stick to him and go high and low,
After 　　　 the wise man takes the Vedas legally, the wise man does not go to the high and low.
"After a person is restrained by himself": ""holding oneself" means holding by oneself. "Prohibition" is like prohibition, or horse prohibition, or cattle prohibition, or dog prohibition, or crow prohibition, or Vishnu god prohibition, Or Litian prohibition, or Manxian prohibition, or Zhuxian prohibition, or fire prohibition, or dragon prohibition, or golden-winged bird prohibition, or Yasha prohibition, or asura prohibition... (omitted), or position prohibition, after he takes it , After holding, after taking, after assuming, after taking, after grasping, after attachment. "Man", "Sentient beings, human beings... (omitted) those born of Manu." Rear.
"Those who want to cling to him and walk high and low": "He walked from master to master; from Dhamma to Dhamma; from masses to masses; from seeing to seeing; from path to path ；Walk from the road to the road. "I want to be stuck", want to think, think maliciously, think about harm, think about sticking, entangled, bound, attached, fixed, obstacles, such as objects on a wall pile or a wall nail The upper part is stuck, entangled, bound, attached, fixed, obstructed. In the same way, wanted to be thought, malicious thought, persecuted, seen to be stuck, entangled, bound, stuck, stuck, obstacle." To be stuck. He went up and down.
　　 "The wise man will be legal after the Vedas": The "wise man" is the wise man, the wise man, the wise man, the wise man, and the wise man. "In the Veda", the Veda is called wisdom, wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment, investigation, vipassana, right view in the four realms. For those who have reached the ultimate (target) in the Veda, those who have reached the ultimate, those who have reached the end; those who have reached the end, those who have reached the boundary (ultimate); those who have reached the boundary, those who have reached the end; Those who have reached the end, those who have arrived at the rescue center; those who have reached the rescue center, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached no terror; those who have reached the refuge have no terror; Those who have reached the dead; have reached the undead, have reached the undead; have reached the undead, have reached the Nirvana; have reached the Nirvana. Or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who knows the Vedas, or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who knows the Vedas, or the known state of the Seven Dharma is the one who knows the Vedas: see and be known , Suspicion is known, abstinence is known, greed is known, hatred is known, ignorance is known, slow is known, and its evil and unwholesome methods are known: contaminated, again, fearful, suffering, The future will live and die.
　　[World Zun: "Sexy!"][Sn.3.6, 534偈]
　　 "Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Samanas and Brahmins that exist here,
　　　 is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is a Vedas well. "
"The wise man took the Vedas after the lawful meeting": "Meeting, after seeing the Dhamma: "All actions are impermanent" as the meeting, after seeing the Dhamma; "All actions are suffering" as the meeting, after seeing the Dhamma; "Everything "Dharma is non-self" means rendezvous, after seeing the Dhamma; "being based on ignorance and having action" means rendezvous and after seeing Dhamma; "knowing with action depends on knowing" means meeting and after seeing Dhamma; with knowledge as predestined There are names and forms...(slightly omitted) There are six places with name and form as preconditions. There are touches with six places as preconditions. There are feelings with touch as the preconditions.... Taking for the sake of predestined condition... Taking for preconditioning and having existence... Living as preconditioning for existence... "Being predestined for existence and death of old" is the rendezvous, after seeing the method; "Extinguishment by the death of ignorance "" means meeting, after observing the Dhamma; "undertaking to perish and extinguishing" means meeting, after observing the Dhamma; extinguishing by knowing and extinguishing by name... extinguishing by name and appearance and extinguishing in six places... touching by extinguishing in six places Extinguish... to be destroyed by touching... to be destroyed by thirst and love... to be destroyed by thirst and love... to be destroyed by thirst and to be destroyed... to be born and to die out... "This is the rendezvous and the post-appreciation of the Dhamma; "This is suffering" is the rendezvous and the post-appreciation of the Dhamma; "This is the collection of suffering"... "This is the cessation of suffering"... "This is the path leading to suffering" is the meeting, After seeing the Dhamma; "These are the defilements" means rendezvous, after seeing the Dhamma; "This is the set of defilements"... "This is the defilement of defilements"... "This is the path leading to defilements" means meeting and after seeing the Dhamma ; "These dhammas should be proven" as the convergent, after seeing the dharma; "these dhammas should be omniscience"... "these dharmas should be cut off"... "these dharmas should be practiced"... "these dharmas should be "Being testified" is after rendezvous and manifesting the Dhamma; "gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and detachment of the six touch points" is after rendezvous and presenting the Dhamma; "the gathering and disappearing of the five aggregates, "Taste of pleasure, trouble, and renunciation" is the rendezvous and the post-observation method; "the gathering, extinction, pleasure, affliction, and renunciation of the four major species" is the meetingAfter converging and presenting the Dharma; "Any collection of Dharma is extinguishing the Dharma" is the post-converging and presenting Dharma. "After the wise man took the Vedas legally.
"The wise man does not go from high to low": "He does not go from master to master; does not go from the narration of the Dhamma to the narration of the Dhamma; does not go from the masses to the masses; does not go from seeing to seeing; The trail goes to the trail; the one who doesn’t follow the road to the road. "The wise one", the wise one is the big wise one, the wise one, the quick wise one, the quick wiser, the wiser, the insightful one, the earth is called Guang, he has the same vast and expanding wisdom as the earth.” For the Guanghui, he does not go to high and low.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "After a person himself is restrained, he is wanted to stick to him and go to high and low.
After 　　　 the wise man takes the Vedas legally, the wise man does not go to the high and low. "
　　28. He is a person who has left the legion in all laws: everything you see or hear,
　　　 Who can classify [him] in this world who has seen and opened up like this?
"He is the one who has left the legion in all laws: whatever he sees or hears and perceives": "The legion is called the demon army, the body and evil act the devil army; the speech and evil act the devil army; the intention and evil act the devil army; Army; hatred is the demon army; ignorance is the demon army; anger is the demon army; resentment is the demon army... (Omitted) All bad works are the demon army.
　　 This is said by the World Zun: [Sn.3.2, 438-441 偈]
　　『Desire is your first legion, unhappy is called second,
　　　 Hunger and thirst are your third, and thirst is called fourth.
　　　 Deep sleep is your fifth, fear is said to be sixth,
　　　 Doubt is your seventh, and stubbornness is your eighth.
　　　 has a respectful reputation, and the reputation gained by mistakes,
　　　Who would praise oneself and contempt others.
　　　 Devil! This is your legion, evil (black) attacker,
　　　 Those who have no courage will not defeat him, and they will get peace after victory. 』
　　 When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated, destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, he is called the Leaving Legion. He is the one who leaves the legion in what he sees; the one who leaves the legion in what he hears; the one who leaves the legion in the sense; the one who leaves the legion in the knowledge. "Because he is a person who has left the legion in all laws: everything you see or hear.
"The one who sees this way, the one who has opened up": "The one who sees this pure, the one who sees purely, the one who sees all the pure; the one who sees clearly, the one who sees all the pure, or the pure see, Seeing purely, seeing purely; seeing purely, seeing purely and purely. "Opened", there are coverings of craving, covering of seeing, covering of pollution, covering of evil deeds, covering of ignorance, those coverings are Has been opened, has been destroyed, has been unlocked, has been completely unlocked, has been cut off, has been cut off, has been calmed down, has ceased, cannot arise, has been burned by the fire of wisdom. "Walker," , The walker, the dweller, the actor, the turner, the guardian, the survivor, and the survivor.” For the one who has seen and opened up like this.
"Who can classify [him] in this world": ""Classification", there are two classifications: the classification of [Cause] craving and the classification of [Cause] seeing... (omitted) This is the classification of craving...( (Omitted) This is the classification of seeing. For him, the classification of craving has been cut off, the classification of seeing has been cut off, the state of being cut off from the classification of craving, the classification of seeing has been cut off According to what kind of greed can be classified, what kind of anger can be classified, what kind of obsessive can be classified, what kind of slow can be classified, what can be classified according to what can be classified, what can be classified by what can be classified, what kind of doubt can be classified, what is the potential of trouble Trends can be classified into [he], becoming "infected", or "disgusting", or "stupid", or "tethered", or "clinging", or "coming to chaos", or "Coming to the unsatisfactory", or "coming to the fortitude"? The state in which the deeds have been cut off, and the deeds of the deeds, how can the state of interest be classified as "hell fallen", or " Those who fall into the animal world, or those who fall into the hungry ghost world, or the people, or the heavens, or the colored ones, or the colorless ones, or those who have thoughts, or those who have no thoughts, Or "Neither the thinker nor the non-thinking one"? He has no cause, no predestiny, no factor to classify, distinguish, and come. "In the world", in the world of suffering, the world of humans, and the heavens. The world, the world of the aggregate, the world of the realm, the world of the place." For who can classify [him] in this world.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "He is the one who has left the legion in all laws: everything you see or hear,
　　　 Who can classify [him] in this world who has seen and opened up like this? "
　　29. They don’t construct or value, heWe don’t say "it is pure",
　　　 After leaving the bondage of clinging, they do not make a wish no matter where in the world.
"They do not construct and pay no attention": ""Construction", there are two kinds of constructions: [Cause] the construction of desire and [Cause] the construction of seeing... (Omitted) This is the construction of desire... (Omitted) This It is the construction of seeing. "For them, the construction of thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, and the construction of thirst has been cut off, and the construction of seeing has been cut off. They do not construct, do not make, do not make, do not make it arise, do not make it arise, do not make the construction of craving or the construction of view, they do not construct it for them. "No attention (no preference)", " There are two kinds of attention: [cause] the attention of thirsting and [cause] the attention of seeing... (Omitted) This is the attention of eagerness... (Omitted) This is the attention of seeing. For them, the attention of eagerness Their attention has been cut off, the attention of seeing has been cut off, in the state where the attention of craving has been cut off, the state of attention of seeing has been cut off, they set (as) no craving or no view Go ahead (emphasis on) and go behind, without craving for the flag, without craving for the tower, without craving for the increase, without seeing as the flag, without seeing as the tower, without seeing for increasing, not being thirsty or seeing Follow along." It is not constructed for them, and has no importance.
"They don't say "It's really pure": "It's really pure, reincarnation pure no-work view, constant constant theory, they don't say, don't tell, don't talk, don't explain, don't talk." For them, don't say " It is pure."
"After leaving the bondage of clinging to the binding": ""Binding", there are four types of binding: the greedy body binding, the malicious body binding, the forbidden body binding, [only] this is true The body bond of holding [SN.45.175]. The greed of one's own view is the bond of greed, the anger and dissatisfaction of others are the bond of malicious body, "holding one’s own precepts or prohibitions or precepts "With forbidden" is the body binding of precepts and forbidden, and one's own view [之holding body binding (Ni.13,147 偈)] is [only] this is the real binding body binding. For what reason is it called Grasping bindings? With those bindings, they seize, cling, hold, grasp, cling, and receive... (slightly), thinking... doing... knowing... interesting... death... ...There is (existence) ...reincarnation...in the cycle they grasp, cling, hold, take, and cling to, for this reason they are called clinging binding. "After leaving", after giving up on the binding After giving up, either on the binding, on the binding, on the binding, on the binding, on the expansion of the binding, on the entangled, on the attached, on the fixed, on the being Obstacles, after being shaken on the binding (?) are left behind, such as sedan chair, or carriage, or truck, or chariot that should be transported [people, things] after they are released (off), they are placed and destroyed In the same way, after giving up on the tie, it is after leaving, or on the tie, on the tie, on the tie, on the bond, on the expansion of the bond, on the entangled, on the attached After being shaken on the fixed, obstructed, and bound, it is the post-dismissal." It is the post-dismissal of the bondage of grasping.
"They don’t make wishes no matter where they are in the world": "Wishes are called cravings, which are greed, greed... (slightly) the roots of greed, greed, and unwholesomeness. "Don’t make wishes", wish them not to do or not To produce, not to produce, not to arise, not to produce. "No matter where", no matter where, no matter where, no matter where, inside or outside or inside and outside. "In the world", In the world of the suffering world... (omitted) in the world." No matter where they are in the world, they don't make a wish.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "They don’t construct or value, they don’t say "it is pure",
　　　 After leaving the bondage of clinging, they do not make a wish no matter where in the world. "
　　30. The Brahman who has crossed the boundary, he was not held tightly after knowing it and seeing it,
　　　 There are greedy people who are not greedy, and greedy people who are not free from greed. For him, there is no highest grasped here.
"The Brahman who has crossed the boundary is not held tightly to him after knowing and seeing it": "Boundary", there are four boundaries: seeing, doubting, abstaining from taking, seeing the potential trend of trouble, and doubting trouble Potential trend and the pollution of coexistence, this is the first kind of boundary, the thick desire knot, the disgust knot, the thick potential trend of desire and greed, the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution that coexists with, this is the second boundary. , The remaining desire and greed knots, disgust knots, the remaining potential trends of desire and greed troubles, the potential trends of disgust troubles, and the pollution that coexists with. This is the third boundary, lust, colorless greed, slowness, and aversion., Ignorance, the latent trend of slow troubles, the latent trend of greed troubles, the latent trend of ignorant troubles, and the pollution that coexists with it is the fourth boundary. When these four boundaries are crossed, surpassed, and overcome by the Four Holy Paths, they are said to have crossed the boundaries. "Brahman", the excluded state of the Seven Dharma is Brahman: personal experience is excluded, doubt is excluded, and abstinence is excluded... (Omitted) Those who are not dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. "For him", for the Arahant; for the one who has exhausted his troubles.
　　 "After knowing", after knowing it in his mind, or knowing it with the wisdom of reminiscences of previous lives. "After seeing", after seeing with naked eyes, or seeing with heavenly eyes. "The Brahman who has crossed the boundary was not held tightly to him after he knew it and saw it": "For him, "This is the highest, the first, the most victorious, the victorious, the first , The top, the top." Being held, clinged, attached, taken, believed, he does not, does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, cut off, Being calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." For the Brahman who has crossed the boundary, he was not held tightly after knowing it and seeing it.
"There are greedy people who are not greedy, and greedy people who are not free from greed": The greedy people who are greedy are called all the five kinds of desires who are greedy, greedy, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, Be fixed, be obstructed. The greedy person who is free from greed is called the supreme greed, greed, lust, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in the realm of materiality and non-materiality. "There are those who are not greedy, and those who are not free from greed." Because desire, greed, sexual greed and colorless greed have been cut off, the roots have been cut off, like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-being for the future The unborn things, in this case, there are those who are not greedy, and those who are not greedy.
"For him there is no highest being held here": ""For him", for the Arahant; for the one who has exhausted troubles. For him, "This is the highest and first , The most victorious, the superior, the first, the most, the top." Being held, grasped, attached, taken, and believed that he does not, does not exist, is not known, or is not It was discovered that he had been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, there is no highest grasped here.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "The Brahman who has crossed the boundary is not held tightly to him after knowing it and seeing it,
　　　 There are greedy people who are not greedy, and greedy people who are not free from greed. For him, there is no highest grasped here. "
　　The fourth description of the pure eight-group sutra [completed].


Summary:
　1. After leaving the bondage of the clinging bond (=no construction/no attention), they do not make a wish no matter where in the world.
　2. Purity is not found in what you see/heard/precept and prohibit/feel.
　3. Those who are not greedy (desire) and those who are not greedy (colorless) do not have the highest grasp.
　4. Desire (āsā-hope/ hope) is called craving.
　12/11/2020 06:10
