16. Explanation of the Sariputra
     Secondly, the description of the Sariputta will say:
    190. [Venerable Sariputta like this:] Before this, no one had seen me or heard of anyone,
       The master of such witty words: the masters who came from the sky from Doust.
"Nothing I saw before this": "For me before this, I hadn't seen the Blessed One with these [pairs] eyes and this self before: When the Blessed One was in the 33-day realm under the tree of daylight yellow When I settled down in the rainy season, I was surrounded by a group of gods and descended from a jewel-made staircase to the scattered city. This sight was not seen before.” Because I didn’t see it before.
"[Like this Venerable Sariputra]": ""Like this", sentence continuation; sentence connection; sentence completion; combination of words; connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this". "Venerable One", this is a language of love, respect, respect, and obedience. It is "Venerable." "Sariputra", the name, name, title, security, common name, name, name, title of the Lord , Words, phrases, address." It is [Sariputta like this].
"Or not heard by anyone": ""No" is negative. "Or", the continuation of the sentence; the connection of the sentence; the completion of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of the words; this is the order of the sentence, which is " Or". "Anyone", Kshatriya, or Brahmin, or Vaisha, or Sudra, or layman, or monk, or heaven, or human." For or not What anyone hears.
"Such a master of witty words": ""Such witty words, good words, beloved words, pleasant words, [such as] the beautiful sound of beloved birds roaring. Moreover, the voice that the Blessed One makes from his mouth has eight: clear, Knowable, beautiful, elegant, concise, undisturbed, deep, and magnificent, the Blessed One makes the crowd aware with his voice, and his voice is not outside the crowd, and the Blessed One is like the voice of Brahma , Like the bel canto of a bel canto." is such a punchline.
"Master", "The Lord is the master, the leader of the caravan, such as the leader of the caravan, to make all living beings cross the danger zone: make it cross the danger zone of thieves, make it pass the danger zone of beasts, make it pass the danger zone of starvation , Make it pass through the waterless danger zone, he makes it come out, make it overrun, make it pass, make it reach the ultimate place of stability. In the same way, the Blessed One is the leader of the caravan, enabling all living beings to cross the danger zone: make them cross the danger zone of life, make them cross the danger zone of the old, the danger zone of the disease... (omitted) the danger zone of death... Make it pass through the danger zone of sorrow, sorrow, suffering, sorrow, and despair, make it pass the danger zone of greed, the danger zone of anger... the danger zone of ignorance... the danger zone of slowness... the danger zone of seeing... Pollution danger zone...make it pass through the danger zone of evil, make it pass the dense forest of greed, the dense forest of anger...the dense forest of idiot...the dense forest of slow...the dense forest of seeing...the dense forest of polluted... Through the dense forest of evil deeds, he makes it come out, make it more, make it pass, and make it reach stability, immortality, and Nirvana. 』This is the leader of the caravan.
    Or, "The Blessed One is the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the informer, the one who makes it deliberate, the one who sees it, and the one who makes it clear. "This is also the leader of the caravan.
Or, "The Blessed One is the founder of the unborn Tao, the producer of the unborn Tao, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the Tao, the knower of the Tao, the acquaintance of the Tao, and the [its] disciple We live in the companionship of the Tao now, and will be the possessors in the future. "This is also the leader of the caravan. "For such a witty master.
    "The Lords from the Heaven of Dousita": ""After the Blessed One died from the Heaven of Dousita, he enters the womb with mind and knowledge." Such are the Lords who come from the Heaven of Dousita.
     Or, "The gods of the heavens are called the contented ones, they are the contented ones, the good contented ones, the satisfied ones, the happy ones, the happy and happy ones who have been born, the Lords who came to the heavens. "This is also the lord who came from Doust. Or, "Arahants are called contented ones, they are the contented ones, the well-contented ones, the satisfied ones, the delighted ones, the one who intends to achieve Consummation, the masters who came to the Arahants. "This is also the lord who came from Doust. "Masters", the world-honor is the masters, the "teacher of the group" is the masters, the "Master of the group" is the masters, "He takes care of the group" as the masters, "He teaches the group" as the masters, "He admonishes The group" is the master, "he went to see the group fearlessly" as the master, "the group wants to hear, listen, and understand with heart" as the master, "after the group appears bad, he establishes the good "As the masters, [he] is the masters of the bhikshus (groups), the masters of the nuns, the masters of the Upasai, the masters of the Upayi, and the masters of the kings, The masters of the Kshatriya, the masters of the Brahmins,It is the lord of the Vaisha, the lord of the Sudra, the lord of the heaven, the lord of the Brahma, the lord of the Sangha, the teacher of the community. "Come", arrived, fully arrived, fully arrived (Thailand version) Sange City. "For all the masters who came from Dousita.
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
     "[Venerable Sariputta like this:] No one has seen or heard of me before this,
       The master of such witty words: the masters who came from the sky from Doust. "
    191. The world including the gods, if anyone sees it,
       drives away all darkness and gains joy alone.
     "The world including the gods": "The world including the gods, the demons, the Brahma, the generations including the Shaman and the Brahman, the heavens, and the people." It is the world including the gods.
"If someone with eyes sees": ""When the Blessed One is sitting under the yellow stone teaching the Dharma under the tree of thirty-three days, as the gods see it, the human beings see it; as the mankind sees it, the gods also see it, as if belonging to When the gods see it, they are also seen by the human beings; if the equipment belongs to the human beings, they are also seen by the gods." This is as seen by those with eyes. Or again, "such as some Shamen and Brahman masters who are not the masters are seen. [作] Those who have been tuned to imprisonment; those who are not silent are regarded as [made] those who have been silent; those who are not silent are regarded as those who have ceased; those who have not reached Nirvana are regarded as [made] have been To reach Nirvana and the like.
     "Like fake earrings made of clay, half a penny of copper covered with gold,
       is covered by the entourage and travels in the world, the inner is not pure, the outer is very bright. "[SN.3.11]
     The Lord does not look like this. The Blessed One is regarded as [as] has been adjusted by the truth, truthfulness, true, fact, correct, uninverted, and reality; those who have been silent are regarded as [as] have been silent and the like; have been silent Those who stop are regarded as those who have ceased, and those who have reached Nirvana are regarded as those who have reached Nirvana. The Buddha and the Blessed One do not create behaviors, but people with aspirations. 』This is as if someone with eyes sees it.
Or, "The Blessed One has a clear voice, admiration of the voice of praise, in the domain of the dragon, the domain of the golden-winged bird, the domain of the Yasha, the domain of Asura, the domain of Gandava, the domain of the King, the domain of Indra The realm, the realm of Brahma, the realm of the gods, like this, like that, and more since then. 』This is as if someone with eyes sees it.
     Or, the Blessed One has ten powers, four fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six magical powers, six buddhisms, prestige, strength, virtue, vitality, and wisdom. He is seen, known, and known.
    『Good people in the distance appear like the Himalayas,
       Non-good people are not seen here, like arrows thrown at night. 』[Dph.21,304 verse]
     This is the same as those who have eyes see.
"Eyes", the Blessed One regards the five eyes as those who have eyes: the naked eye is the eye, the sky eye is also the eye, the wisdom eye is also the eye, the Buddha's eye is also the eye, and all eyes are also the eye .
     How does the Blessed One regard the naked eye as having eyes? There are five colors in the eyes of the Lord: cyan, yellow, red, black, and white. The eye hairs of the Blessed One are blue, extremely blue, straight, beautiful, and the same as flax (Sri Lanka version) where the eye hairs stand. The others are yellow, extremely yellow, golden, and straight. Beautiful, equal to the flower of the winged tree. The two eyes of the Blessed One are red, extremely red, straight, beautiful, and equal to cochineal, and in the middle are black, extremely black, not coarse, moist, straight, beautiful, and equivalent to wet The others are white, extremely white, white, yellow-white, upright, beautiful, and equivalent to the Taibai star. With the naked eyes of the Blessed One who belonged to the natural individual and was born in the previous good industry, he saw everything in Yiyushun day and night, when there are four branches of darkness: sunset, black side [moon] busa, heavy forest, and time The black cloud of Nimbus (Thailand version) appears. Like this, when there is the darkness of the four branches, he also sees everything in Izumi day and night. There are no walls, or shutters, or fences, or mountains, or bushes, or Gemans, which are obstacles to his vision of form and form. If a sesame is marked and put into a cart full of sesame, he can select that sesame. In this way, the Blessed One's natural naked eye is pure, and the Blessed One regards the naked eye as an eye.
     How does the Blessed One regard the Sky Eye as the one with eyes? With a pure and transcendent heavenly eye, the Blessed One sees that when all beings die and pass away, they are inferior, triumphant, beautiful, ugly, fortunate, and misfortune, knowing that all beings flow according to their karma: "These beings and monarchs have both body, evil, deeds, speech Evil deeds, wicked deeds, rebuke the saints, evil views and karma of holding evil views, they have passed away after death by the disintegration of their bodiesSuffering realms, evil interests, lower realms, hells, or these princes of sentient beings, have good deeds of body, words, and minds, do not rebuke the saints, right view and right view karma, they have passed away after death to be good. skyline. "In this way, with a pure, transcendent heavenly eye, he saw that when all beings are living and dying, when they are reborn, in the inferior, triumphant, beautiful, ugly, fortunate, and unfortunate, he knows the flow of all beings according to karma. When he wants, the Blessed One can see one world world, two world worlds, three world worlds, four world worlds, five world worlds, and ten worlds. Realm, I can see 20 world realms, 30 world realms, 40 world realms, 50 world realms, 100 world realms, and you can see These thousand small world realms can also see these two thousand middle world realms, as well as these three thousand great thousand world realms [AN.3.81]. Or if he wants to, he can see it. In this way, the Blessed One's heavenly eyes are all pure, and the Blessed One regards the heavenly eyes as having eyes.
     How does the Blessed One regard the wise eyes as the one with eyes? The Blessed One is the one who has great wisdom, the one who has the wisdom, the one who has the wisdom, the one who has the wisdom, the one who benefits the wisdom, the one who perceives the wisdom, the one who is skilled in the type of wisdom, the one who has developed wisdom, the one who has proved that there is no obstacle, the one who has reached four fearless, There are ten powerful people, people like cows, people like lions, virtuous people, people who can afford, people who have no bounds, those who have no bounds, those who have boundless reputation, the rich, the rich, the rich, the guide, the moderator , Soothes, informs, makes them consider, makes them see, makes them clear, the Blessed One is indeed the founder of the unborn Tao, the producer of the unborn Tao, and the unannounced preacher; It is the one who knows the Tao, the one who knows the Tao, the one who knows the Tao, and [its] disciples now live in the accompanying Tao, and will be those who have it in the future.
The Blessed One is indeed the one who knows and the one who sees, he knows and sees; he is the one who is born with eyes, is born with wisdom, is born with Dharma, and is born with Brahma; is an interpreter, promoter, and interpreter of righteousness, The immortal giver, Dharma King, Tathagata, none that the Blessed One did not know, did not see, did not know, did not testify, did not touch with wisdom, the past, the future, and the present came to the Buddha and the Buddha with all the deeds In the field of wisdom, anyone with any name that should be guided to reason can be known: one's own righteousness or others' righteousness or both, or the righteousness of the current life or the righteousness of the next life or both , Or deep or hidden or hidden, or should be guided to infer, or have been guided to determine, or no fault or pollution, or clear or top interest , Everything revolves in the Buddha's wisdom.
The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is barrier-free about the past; [Buddha, the Blessed One] the wisdom of the future is barrier-free; the wisdom of the present is barrier-free, and all body deeds follow the Buddha and the Blessed One’s wisdom; all languages... …All mental karma, the Blessed One’s intellectual transformation, all that should be guided to infer, is the intellectual reach; all intellectual reach is the reach that should be guided inferred, and the ultimate inference should be guided to wisdom; The ultimate of wisdom is what should be guided to infer, and transcendence should be guided to infer, and the back intellect does not turn; transcending wisdom has no way to be guided to infer. These laws are restricted to each other, such as two boxes are completely touched , The lower box cover does not go over the upper one; the upper box cover does not go over the lower one, which are mutually restricted. [Similarly,] All that should be guided to infer that is the reach of wisdom; all that should be guided to inference is the reach of wisdom; the ultimate that should be guided to inference is wisdom; the ultimate of wisdom is to be Those who lead inference, transcendence should be led to infer, and the post-intellect does not turn; transcendence has no way to be led inferential. These laws live in mutual restriction.
The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred in all the Dharma, all the Dharma is the Buddha, the Blessed One’s turn to belong, the hope is to belong, the intention is to belong, the mind is to arise, the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred to all living beings, the Blessed One Know the intentions of all living beings, know the potential tendency of troubles, know the behavior, know the solution (ambition), know about the less dusty, the more dusty; the rooted, the dull rooted, the good deeds, the evil deeds, and the susceptibility Teachable and uncomfortable beings; capable and incapable sentient beings, including the world of heaven, demon, and Brahman; generations of saman, brahman, heaven, and man all revolve in the wisdom of Buddha.
     Just as all fish, turtles, and even big fish swallowing boats revolve in the sea, the same is true of the world including heaven, demon, and Brahman; generations including sandman, brahman, heaven, and human all revolve in the wisdom of Buddha. Such as any bird and even the gold-winged birds of the descendants of Wei Na were turning around in the void field. Similarly, those who [have] the same wisdom as SariputraThey are also turning around in the field of Buddha wisdom. The wisdom of the Buddha is pervasive and transcends heaven and human. Those wise Kshatriya, wise Brahmins, wise homeowners, wise sandmen, smart dissidents, sharp breakers who want to do evil views with a wise attitude, they are ready Later, I saw the Tathagata and asked about the hidden and secret [yili]. Those questions were discussed and answered by the Blessed One with reasons, but they abandoned those nearby and became the [disciples] of the Blessed One. At that time, the Blessed One was there, "Yihui" 』Hui Yao. In this way, the Blessed One regards the insight as an eye.
     The Buddha takes Buddha’s eyes as the one who has eyes like this? When the Blessed One observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with less dust and more dust; those with roots and blunt roots; those with good deeds and evil deeds; those who are easy to teach and difficult to teach; some who live in other worlds Sinful and horrible beings, others who do not live in seeing the sins and horrors in other worlds. Just like in the green lotus pond, the red lotus pond, and the white lotus pond, some green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water, stay in the water, sink and grow underwater; some green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water and grow in the water. In the water, they live at the same height as the water surface; some green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water, and rise above the water to live and stand without being stained by water. Similarly, when the Blessed One observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with less dust and more dust; those with sharp roots and blunt roots; those with good deeds and evil deeds; those who are easy to teach and difficult to teach; The sins and horrors of other worlds, and others who do not live in seeing the sins and horrors of other worlds [DN.14, 69 para.]. The Blessed One knows: "This person is a greedy person, this person is an abusive person, this person is a foolish person, this person is a pathfinder, this person is a believer, and this person is a wise person. The Blessed One said to the greedy people. The Blessed One informs those who hate walkers of the practice of compassion. The Blessed One makes them settled in recitation, questioning, hearing of the law at the right time, discussion of the law at the time, and co-living with teachers. The Blessed One informs the person who seeks the path. The Blessed One tells those who believe in a confident form: the good sense of Buddha, the good nature of the Dhamma, the good practice of the Sangha and his precepts. The Blessed One tells Vipassana to those who are wise practitioners: impermanence, ascetic, and non-self.
     "If you stand on the top of a rocky mountain, you can see all the people,
      Similarly, those who are virtuous and all-eyed climbed up the tall building of Dharma,
       Those who are divorced, looking at people who are in sorrow, conquered by birth and old age.
       please get up! hero! Victor on the battlefield! Caravan leaders, debt-free people walk in the world,
      World Lord! Please teach Dhamma! There will be (will) knowers. 』[DN.14, paragraph 69]
     The Buddha takes the eyes of the Buddha as an eye.
     How does the Blessed One regard all eyes as having eyes? All eyes are called state wisdom of all knowing. The Blessed One arrives (has), fully arrives (has), enters, fully enters, has enough, has all the state wisdom of knowing.
    『For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there are still unknowable, unknowable things,
       He proves that everything that exists should be led to infer, because the Tathagata is like that for all eyes. 』Ps. 1, paragraph 121]
     The Blessed One regards all eyes as having eyes like this. "For those who have eyes see.
"After driving away from all darkness": "All the darkness of greed, the darkness of hatred, the darkness of idiots, the darkness of slowness, the darkness of seeing, the darkness of pollution, the darkness of evil deeds, the darkness of blindness, blindness, no eyesight, no wisdom, and wisdom The exterminator, the annoying companion, does not lead to Nirvana after he is eliminated, removed, abandoned, after abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing, and making it go after it does not exist." To drive away from all darkness.
"To be happy alone": """ "Lonely", the Blessed One uses the name of being a monk to be alone, the righteousness without a partner is the alone, the righteousness of the thirst for love is alone, the "Yixiangli greed" is alone, "Yixiangli anger" Alone, "Always Lizhi" means alone, "Always no pollution" means alone, "have crossed the road without forks" means alone, and "have already realized enlightenment without being enlightened" means alone.
     How is the Blessed One alone in the name of a monk? "When the Blessed One was young, the black-haired youth possessed the happiness of youth. At the beginning of life, even if the parents didn’t want, burst into tears, wept, and sighed, they still abandoned their relatives, cut off all obstacles to the home, and cut off their children. Wife barriers, cut off relatives barriers, cut off friends barriers, cut off storage barriers, shave their hair and beards, wrap them in robes, and go from being a monk at home to a non-domestic life. After entering a state of no possessions, they go alone, live, and live alone. Act, turn around, guard, survive, and survive. "In this way, the Blessed One is alone in the name of a monk.
     How is the Blessed One to have no partner righteousnessFor alone? "When he was a monk like this, he used to live alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): low-sounding, quiet, remote, alone, suitable for sitting alone; he walks alone, alone Walk, stand alone, sit alone, lie alone, enter the village alone for alms [, advance alone], return alone, sit alone in a quiet place, perform alone, walk alone, live, move, turn, guard, and survive alone , Make survival. "In this way, the Blessed One regards being alone without a partner.
    How is the Blessed One to be alone with the house of thirsting love? He is so alone and without a partner. He should live in reluctance, enthusiasm, and self-effort. Under the Bodhi tree by the Nilian Chan River, he will be diligent and diligent, destroying the demon accompanied by the army, the evil demon, and the relatives of the liberated. Afterwards, the netted, strong flowing, entangled thirsty loves him to abandon, drive away, end, and make him go to non-existence.
    『People who have thirsty love as their partner, reincarnate for a long time,
       becomes this state, other states, does not go beyond reincarnation.
       knows this kind of trouble: craving is the origin of suffering,
       Departure from thirsty love, no taking, bhikkhus should march conscientiously. 』[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746 verse]
     This is the Blessed One who is alone with the thirsty home.
     How can the world-zun be alone with "Yixiangliying"? "Take one of the states of greed to renounce greed" as aloneness, "to renounce one of the angered states of renunciation" as loneliness, "use one of the maddening states of renunciation, to liberate" as independence, "to taint One of the off-states is "no pollution" alone. [In this way, the Blessed One is alone with "always free from greed". ]
     How is the Blessed One who "has passed the road without fork" as alone? The path without a fork is called the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four god feet, the five senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight sacred paths.
    『The one who sees the death of life, the one who is pitiful, knows that there is no way,
       used this way to cross the storm in the past, and they will be and present. 』[SN.47.18]
     This is the way the Blessed One "has passed the road without fork" as alone.
     How is the Blessed One's "Single Enlightenment" as being alone? Enlightenment is called wisdom [, wisdom], root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment of choice, investigation, vipassana, right view on the four realms. The Blessed One perceives that "all actions are impermanent"; that "all dharma is without self"; that "the path of action is based on ignorance"; that "these are worries"... (omitted) This is the path leading to troubles"; feel that "these dhammas should be omniscience"...should be cut off...should be practiced...sense that "[these methods] should be testified"; feel the collection of six touches , Annihilation, Pleasure, Taste, Trouble, Departure; Perceive the gathering, demise, pleasure, trouble, and depart of the five aggregates; Perceive the assembly, demise, pleasure, trouble, and depart of the four great aggregates Li; feel that "any collection of dharma is extinguished."
Or, everything that should be felt, should be conscious, should be awakened, should be enlightened, should be realized, should be touched, should be testified, everything is conscious of that consciousness , Awakening, awakening, enlightenment, attainment, contact, testimony. In this way, the Blessed One is alone.
     "To gain joy", "Joy", the joy of abstinence, the joy of separation, the joy of silence, the joy of enlightenment, he gains, arrives, attains, reaches, and testifies. "To be happy alone
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
    "The world including the gods, if anyone with eyes sees it,
       drives away all darkness and gains joy alone. "
    192. The one who is enlightened, the one who does not depend on, the one like that, the one who is not a trick, the one who comes to the Lord
       belongs to many bound people here, and those in need come with questions.
"The one who is enlightened, the one who does not depend on, the one like that": "The enlightened one (Buddha)", that is the one who is the world-honored person, the one who is alone, and the one without a teacher is now enlightened by the Dhamma that has not been heard before. The truth is there to reach all states of knowing, to reach the state of freedom in power. "Enlightened one", what is the meaning of enlightened one? "One who feels the truth" is the Buddha, and "make the living one aware" is the enlightened. The state of all knowing is the enlightened, the state of all seeing is the enlightened, the state that will not be guided by others is the enlightened, all kinds of outflow are the enlightened, and the one who has exhausted the troubles is given the name as the enlightened. Regarding those who are free from troubles are given names as the enlightened ones, the "always free from greed" as the enlightened ones, the "always free from greed" as the enlightened ones, the "always free from delusion" as the enlightened ones, and the "always free from pollution" as the enlightened ones. The enlightened person is the enlightened person, the enlightened person is the enlightened person, the enlightened person is the enlightened person, and the state that is not killed is the enlightened person. "The Enlightened One", "This [name] is not a motherGiven (done); not given by father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by Shamon or Brahman; not given by heaven , This is ultimate liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) of the enlightened one, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and the acquisition and testimony of all the wisdom of knowledge, is the enlightened one. 』This is the enlightened one. There are two kinds of dependence for the "non-dependent": the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing. What is the dependence of craving? All are called boundaries [, as realm], as a range, as a boundary, to be grasped, to be regarded as one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so Most of it is mine, and this range is mine; my color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things on the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and Horses, mules, horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins, villages, towns, capitals, places, treasuries, warehouses, all the land, because they are thirsty and regard them as their own, all 108 thirsty trends [AN.4.199] As far as [AN.4.199] is reached, this is the support of craving.
     What is the refusal to see? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle views, desert views, distorted views, shaken views, The clinging, acceptance, holding, clinging to the bound view, the place where the evil way, the evil way, the evil nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion (vipariyesa), the clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion (vipallāsa) The grip of the evil, the grip of evil, the grip of "[see] the real in the unreal", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, which is the refusal to see.
"For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the dependence of craving has been cut off, the dependence of seeing has been cut off, in the state that the dependence of craving has been cut off, the dependence of seeing has been cut off State, the Blessed One is the non-restraint of the eyes, the non-restraint of the ears... the nose... the tongue... the body... the mind, the colors... the sounds... the smells... the tastes... the touches[... Dharma]...home...group (congregation)...dwelling...benefit...famous...praise...happiness...clothing...food...housing...the patient’s needs and medical necessities...the world of desire... …Material Realm... Invisible Realm... Desire to have... Material to have... Colorless to have... Want to have... No want to have... Not want to have... One aggregate has... Four aggregates have... Five aggregates have ...The past...the future...now...is the non-dependant, non-adherent, non-entangled, non-fixed, and non-oriented (victory) of the dharmas that are seen, heard, felt, and knowable. Solution). He has left, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of freedom and restriction. "It is the one who is enlightened and the one who does not depend on.
"Those like that", the Blessed One is like that from five aspects: those who are satisfied or unsatisfied are like that, those who have been abandoned are like that, and those who have passed through are like that, The "liberated" are those who are like that, and those who are described as being like that.
     How is the Blessed One to be like that, whether satisfied or dissatisfied? The Blessed One is like that in getting; like that in not getting; like that in [has] reputation; like that in reputation (bad comment); and also in praise Those who are like that; those who are like that in rebuke; those who are like that in Shangle; those who are like that in suffering. Some people use spice on their wrists, and some people use axes to work: He has no greed in being like that; he has no disgust in being like that, he has given up greed and dislike, has overcome victory and defeat, has passed obedience and opposition, so that the Blessed One is like that in either satisfaction or dissatisfaction.
    How is the Blessed One's "forsaken" as such? The Blessed One’s greed has been abandoned, vomited, released, cut off, and cut off; anger... (slightly) ignorance... anger... resentment... hiding evil... bossy... envy... stingy... fake... cunning ...Stubborn...passion...slow...extremely slow...slow...slacking...all pollution...all evils...all afflictions...all scorching heat...all irritation...all bad and contrived Abandoned, spit out, released, renounced, and renounced, this is the Blessed One who is like that.
     How is the Blessed One's "passed over" as such? The violent currents of the Blessed Desire have been passed; some torrents have been passed; the torrents of seeing have been passed; the violent currents of ignorance have been passed; all the circuits have been passed, have come out, have passed, have passed, Has passed, has overcome, he is the one who has descended, the person who has practiced, the person who has completed the journey, the person who has reached the direction, the person who has reached the end, the person who has guarded the Brahma, the person who has reached the highest view, the person who has practiced the Tao, Cut offThe polluter, the unshakable person, the person who has testified to exterminate, for him, the suffering has been omniscience, the congregation has been abandoned, the Tao has been practiced, the extinction has been testified, the one who has been proved to be known, the omniscience can be known Those who have been renounced should be renounced, those who have been practiced should be practiced, and those who have testified should be testified. He is the one whose obstacle has been removed, the one whose ditch has been filled, the one whose pillar has been pulled up, the one who has no latch, the one whose holy flag has fallen, the one whose burden has been removed, the one who has separated, the one whose five branches have been cut off, and the one who has six branches. Those who have one guardian and four reliances are those whose truths have been removed, those who seek to have renounced and completely decayed, those who have no turbid intentions, those who have calmed their lives, those who are kind and free, those who are free from wisdom, those who have The highest person, the supreme person, who has achieved the supreme accomplishment, neither composes nor disassembles, does not accumulate and then stands; neither gives up nor clings, but stands after giving up; neither Dispelling (Thailand version) does not accumulate, staying standing after dispelling; neither extinguishing nor burning, standing standing after extinguishing [SN.22.79], is a person who has the state of no learning precepts, and a state of no learning The dweller, the dweller who has the state of wisdom without learning, the dweller with the state of ignorance of the abundance of knowledge, the dweller who has the state of emancipation of no learning, the state of wisdom, and the abiding after completion and penetration of the truth (truth) Those who have passed the disturbance (craving), those who stand after the pollution fire is extinguished, those who are no longer coming at all, those who have been [victory] grasped, and those who are free from use The dweller, the pure dweller of compassion, the pure dweller of compassion, the pure dweller of joy, the pure dweller of peace, the pure dweller of all, the state of being equal to the other ( (Ceylon version) Pervasively pure dwellers, those who have been liberated, those who have been fulfilled, those who are in the final (boundary), those who are in the world, and those who are The dweller at the ultimate, the dweller at the ultimate place of interest, the dweller at the ultimate rebirth, the dweller at the ultimate end of life [, the dweller at the end of existence, the end of reincarnation The dweller of the upper body, the dweller of the cycle ultimate, the dweller of the ultimate walking, the dweller of the supreme at the end], the dweller of the last gathering (body), the deity who holds the last body .
    『This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),
       The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. 』
     This is the one who is like that of the Blessed One.
     How can the Blessed One be like that? The Blessed One’s heart has been freed from greed, freed, and benevolent; the heart has been freed from anger...from ignorance...from anger...from resentment...from hiding evil...from domineering...from jealousy...from stinginess... ...From false fraud...from cunning...from stubbornness...from passion...from slowness...from extreme slowness...from stubbornness...from leisure...from all pollution...from all evil deeds...from everything Affliction...from all irritation...from all irritation...the mind is freed from all unwholesome deeds, expanded freed, and freed from kindness, so that the Blessed One is like that.
     How is the Blessed One who is described as being like that? Blessed One’s description of "the one who has the precepts in the ring" as the one who is like that; the one who describes the "believers in the faith" as the one who is like that; the one who "is vigorous in the vitality" describes the one as that; Those who have thoughts in mind are described as those who are like that; those who are in concentration in concentration are described as those who are like that; those who are wise in wisdom are described as those who are like that; "There are three minds" described as being like that; "six magical powers in supernatural powers" that are described as being like that; "ten powers in ten powers" that are described as being like that, this is the deity of the world Like that. "For the one who is enlightened, the one who does not depend on, the one like that.
     "Non-trick, those who come to all the masters": ""Non-trick", "three kinds of tricks: tricks for the use of money, tricks for behavior, and tricks for surrounding words.
    What is the trickery of using resources? Here, the homeowners invite the bhikkhus with clothes, food, shelter, patients’ necessities, and medical necessities. He is an evil desire person, a person with a desire for nature, and a hoper. He is a person who has clothes, food, shelter, necessities of the patient, and medical necessities. Hoping for more and rejecting clothes, refusal to give food, refusal to shelter, refusal of patients’ necessities and medical necessities, he said: "What does high-value clothes have for Shamen!" Fan Shamen should wear a coat after choosing rags from the mound room or garbage dump or in front of the shop. What does it mean to Salmon with high-value feeding! Fan Shamen should survive by picking up ears and picking up ears. This is appropriate. What is there for Shamen with high-value accommodation! Where Shamen should be those who live under the trees or between the mounds or live in the open, this is appropriate. High-value diseaseWhat are human needs and medical necessities for Salmon! "[Fan Salmon should use cow urine fermented medicine or crushed holile, which is appropriate. After clinging to that, he wears coarse clothes; receives coarse food; lives in coarse dwellings; uses coarse patients’ necessities and medical necessities. The homeowners knew him this way: "This Shaman is a person who has few desires, a contented person, a lonely person, a person who is away from the masses, a person whose vitality has been activated, and a talker. "They used more and more invitations with clothes, food, shelter, patients’ necessities, and medical necessities." He said: "The three current states have faithful men who produce a lot of merit: the current state of faith has faithful men. The current state of producing a lot of merit and charity has a believing man who produces a lot of merit, and the current state of a person worthy of support has a believing man who produces a lot of merit. You are the believer, and the charity exists (discovered), and I am the receiver. If I don’t accept it, then you will become outsiders of merit. This is not necessary for me, but just for pity. You, I accept. After clinging to that, he accepts many clothes, many foods, many residences, and many patients' necessities and medical necessities. The frown of anyone who frowns like this; the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is a tricky thing that can be used.
    What is the trickery of behavior? Here, there are certain types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: "In this way, people will respect me. 』He placed to walk, placed to stand, placed to sit, placed to lie down, walked for desire, stood for desire, sat down for desire, lay down for desire, walked like a person in concentration, as in concentration He stands, sits down like a meditation person, lies down like a meditation person, and becomes visible as a meditator. The placement, strengthening, and complete placement of behaviors like this; the frown of the frowning person; the path of trickery and the state of trickery, this is the trickery of deportment.
     What is the trickery of peripheral verbal tricks? Here, there are certain types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: "In this way, people will respect me. He spoke according to the Holy Law, and he said: "Whoever dresses like this is a powerful sandman." "He said: "Whoever holds a bowl like this...holds a copper bowl...holds a water filter...holds a water filter bag...holds a key...wears shoes...wears a belt...he is a powerful sandman. . "He said: "Whoever his monk is like this, he is a powerful sandman." He said: "Whoever his teacher...the equivalent of a monk is like this...the equivalent of a teacher...friends...acquaintances...closers...comrades like this he is a powerful sandman. "He said, "Everyone who lives in a residence like this is a powerful sandman." "He said: "Anyone who lives in a half-roof house like this... lives in a high-rise... lives in a flat house... lives in a cave... lives in a cave... lives in a hut (solitary mansion)... Pavilion... Living in the observation deck... Living in a round house... Living in a shed... Living in a lecture hall... Living in a tent... Living under a tree like this is a powerful sand gate. 』
Or, those who keep frowning; those who keep frowning; those who keep tricking; those who keep nagging; those who are respected because of their mouths, he said that they are as deep, secret, subtle, secret, out-of-the-world, and Sora related to the talk: "This is until Sanda gets this [silent] residence like this. The frown of anyone who frowns like this; the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is the trickery of the surrounding language. "For the Buddha and the Blessed One, these three kinds of tricks: tricks to use tricks, tricks to behave, and tricks surrounding verbal tricks have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to Arose and burned by the fire of wisdom, so the Buddha was a trickery. 』Is a non-trick.
"He who comes to the masters", "the masters", the world-honored as the masters, the "teacher of the group" as the masters, the "master of the group" as the masters, "he takes care of the group" as the masters, "he teaches the group "For the masters, "He admonished the group" as the masters, "He went to see the group fearlessly" as the masters, "The group wants to hear, listen to, and know with heart" as the masters, "After the group appears bad He established it in goodness" as the masters, [he] is the masters of the bhikshus (groups), the masters of the bhikshuni nuns, the masters of the Upasai, and the masters of the Upas. , Is the lord of the kings, is the lord of the Kshatriya, is the lord of the Brahman, is the lord of the Vaisha, is the lord of the Sudra, is the lord of the Brahma, is the heaven The Lords of the Sangha are the Lords of the Sangha and the teachers of the group. "Come", arrived, fully arrived, fully arrived (Thailand version) Sange City. "He who is a trickster, who comes to all the masters.
     "Here belongs to many bound people": "Belongs to many Kshatriya, Brahmins, Vaisha, Sudras, lay people, monks, heavens, and people. "Belongs to the bound", belongs to the bound, belongs to the attendant, belongs to the servant, Belongs to the disciples." Belongs to many bound people here.
     "The needy comes with questions": "I come with questions as needed, I come if I want to ask questions, and I come if I want to hear questions." This is where the needy comes with questions. Or, "The inquiries that belong to the question are in need, those who want to ask questions, and those who want to hear, there will be those who need to come, approach, approach, and visit." In this way, the needy comes with questions. Or, "When you have a question, you can and you have enough reason to tell and answer the question I asked. Please bear the burden." In this way, it is also necessary to come with a question.
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
     "The one who is enlightened, the one who does not depend, the one like that, the one who is not a trick, the one who comes to the masters,
       belongs to many bound people here, and those in need come with questions. "
    193. When the monk is bored, he gets close to the empty seat,
       or under a tree, between a mound, or in a cave.
"When a monk is bored": ""Be a monk", a philanthropist monk, or a learned monk. "To be bored", bored by birth, bored by old age, sick...dead...be sad...be sad ...Being suffering...being worried...being bored by despair, being bored by hell...being suffering from the animal world...being suffering from the hungry ghost world...being suffering from people...being rooted in the suffering of being born...being The suffering rooted in the fetus... the suffering rooted in the birth... the suffering bound by the birth... the suffering belonging to the other of the birth... the suffering [for] the suffering of the effort... the suffering of other efforts... Suffered... Suffered... Suffered... Suffered by eye disease... Suffered by ear disease... Suffered by nose... Suffered by tongue... Suffered by body illness... Suffered The suffering of the head disease... the suffering of the external ear disease... the suffering of the mouth disease... the suffering of the tooth disease... the coughing... the gasping... the external nose disease... the fever... the old... the suffering Abdominal disease...being unconscious...being diarrhea...being suffering from abdominal pain...being cholera...being leprosy...being tumor...being ringworm...being lung disease...being epilepsy...being ringworm...being scabies... ...Was suffering from rheumatism...was scratched (a type of skin disease)...was dry and cracked...was hemopathy...was gall bladder...was diabetes...was hemorrhoids...was rashes (boils)...was haemorrhoids (ulcers) )...A disease caused by the gall...a disease caused by the sputum...a disease caused by the wind...a disease caused by the [three] groups...a disease caused by the change of seasons...by an improper posture Illnesses born... Illnesses hit suddenly... Illnesses born by the karma, being cold... Being hot... Being hungry... Being thirsty... Being feces... Being urine, being a fly mosquito The suffering of the contact of the wind and sun snake... the suffering of the bereavement of the mother... the suffering of the bereavement... the bereavement of the brother... the bereavement of the sister... the bereavement... the bereaved daughter... the family loss... the property Loss...being lost by disease...being lost by virtue...being bored, distressed, anxious, and disgusted by seeing loss." It is when the monk is bored.
"Close to the unmanned seat": "The place where he sits is called a seat: a bed, a chair, a cushion, a small cushion, a leather cushion, a straw cushion, a leaf cushion, and a straw cushion. That seat is inappropriate. Seeing to be removed, isolated, and far away; hearing of inappropriate sounds removed, isolated, and far away; [smell of inappropriate smell... taste of inappropriate taste... inappropriate touch contact...] inappropriate The five desires are abandoned, separated, and far away. The one that is far away from the seat is close, completely close, obedient, bent to obey, completely obedient, and toward obedient." It is the seat that is close to no one.
     "Or under the tree or between the mound": "The underneath of the tree is under the tree, and the mound is between the mound." It is the under or between the mound. "Or in the cave": "The mountain is the mountain, the cave is the cave, and the cave is the cave. The inner body of the mountain is called the cave of the mountain."
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
     "When the monk is bored, he gets close to the empty seat,
       or under a tree, between a mound, or in a cave. "
    194. In all kinds of sleeping places, how terrible are there,
       Bhikkhu should not tremble because of those: in a quiet place?
"In all kinds of sleeping places": "In all kinds of places, in all kinds, inferior and triumphant, pure and evil. Houses, dwellings, half-roof houses, tall buildings, bungalows, caves are called sleeping places." For lying in various places. "How many terrible are there": ""How many", how many tweets, roars, sounds produced. Or, "how many", thoseHow many, how many, how many, how many-many. "Fearful": lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves, bison, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, or thieves or gangsters who do bad things or are ready to do bad things. "For how terrible there are.
"Bhikkhu should not tremble because of those": ""Because of those", because he should not tremble after seeing or hearing those terrible, should not tremble (strong tremor), should not tremble greatly (strong tremor), should not be afraid, Should not be afraid (fear upward), should not be afraid (fear all over), should not be fearful, should not come to fear, should be the one who is not cowardly, the one who is not frightened, the one who does not frighten, the one who does not run away, should live in the dead Fear of horror, has left the body and erected hair." For the monk, we should not tremble because of those.
     "In a quiet place": "In a quiet place where there is no sound, a quiet place, where a person lives alone, and is suitable for sitting alone." In a quiet place.
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
     "In all kinds of sleeping places, how terrible are there,
       Bhikkhu should not tremble because of those: in a quiet place? "
    195. How many dangers are there in the world, for those who have not been in the direction,
       Among those upper monks should be conquered: Where to live in the frontier?
"How many dangers are there in the world": ""How many", how many, how many, how many, how many-many. "Danger", there are two kinds of dangers: obvious danger and hidden danger. Which ones are obvious dangers Lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves, bison, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, or thieves or gangsters who do bad things or are ready to do bad things, eye diseases, ear diseases, nose diseases, tongue diseases, body diseases, Head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough, wheezing, external nose disease, fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, diarrhea, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, ringworm, Diseases caused by scabies, rheumatoid ringworm, scratches (a kind of skin disease), dry skin, blood disease, gall bladder disease, diabetes, hemorrhoids, rashes (boils blisters), hemorrhoids fistulas (ulcers), gallbladders, etc... (omitted) cold, heat, Hunger, thirst, feces, urine, contact with fly mosquitoes, sun snakes, etc., are called obvious dangers.
     What are the hidden dangers? Body evil, speech evil, intentional evil, desire cover, malice cover, sleepy cover, demotion and regret cover, doubt cover, greed, aversion, ignorance, anger, resentment, hide evil, bossy, jealousy , Stingy, deceit, cunning, stubbornness, passion, slowness, extreme slowness, stubbornness, letting go, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all anxious heat, all heat, and all unwholesome deeds, these are called hidden Secret danger.
     "Distress", what is the meaning of distress? "Conquer all over" is a crisis; "guide to retreat" is a crisis; "live there" is a crisis.
     How is "Overall Conquer" in distress? Those distresses who conquer, conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, and crush that person are "conquer all over" as distress.
     How is "guided retreat" in distress? Those obstacles and retreats that lead to good dharma in crisis, which good dharma? The correct way, the following way, the way that is not reversed, the way that does not contradict (the way of no contradiction), the way as it means, the way of the law, the precepts are perfect, guarding the roots, knowing the right amount of food, specializing in sobriety, and mindfulness The hard practice with right knowledge, four mindfulness, four right diligence...Four divine feet...Five roots...Five powers...Seven enlightenment elements...Eight ways of diligent practice lead to the obstacles and retreats of these good dharma , This is a crisis of "guided retreat".
     How is "inhabiting there" in danger? There, these evil and unwholesome laws arose to be restrained by individuals, such as burrowing animals lying in caves; aquatic animals lying in water; forest animals lying in the forest; arboreal animals lying in trees. In the same way, these evil and unwholesome laws give rise to mutual dependence. This is the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Zun: [SN.35.151]
    『Monks! Bhikkhus with apprentices and masters live in misery and restlessness. But, monks! How is it that monks with disciples and masters live in distress and uneasy? Bhikkhus! Here, after seeing the color with his eyes, the bhikkhu has the memories and intentions of those evil and unwholesome Dharma that follow the knot.
     Besides, monks! After listening to the sound with the ear...the nose smells the smell...after the tongue tastes...after the body touches...after knowing the Dharma with consciousness, the memory of those evil and unwholesome Dharma that follow Yujie arises. "They live in him; evil and unwholesome laws live and enter (occupy). Therefore, he was called "a disciple." "They conquer him; evil and unwholesome laws conquer him. Therefore, he is called "You Master". Bhikkhus! In this way, monks with disciples and masters live in misery and restlessness. "This is also "inTo live there is a crisis.
     This was said by the World Zun: [It.88]
    『Monks! There are these three types of internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances. Bhikkhus! Greed is internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, internal grievances; monks! Sorrow... (slightly) monks! Infatuation is internal dirt, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances. Bhikkhus! These are the three types of internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances. 』
    『Creed is the cause of no benefit, and greed is the one who shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       The greedy person does not know the benefits, the greedy person cannot see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can conquer with greed.
      瞋 is the cause of no benefit, anger is the one that shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       The angry do not know the benefits, the angry cannot see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: a man who can conquer.
       foolishness is the cause of no benefit, foolishness is the one that shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       fools don’t know the benefits, fools can’t see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can be conquered by idiots. 』
     This is also "inhabiting there" in danger. This was said by the World Honored: [SN.3.2]
    『The King! When the three laws within a man arise, disadvantage, suffering, and restlessness arise. Which three are there? King! When the greed within the man himself arises, disadvantages, sufferings, and restlessness arise; lord! When the aggression within the man himself arises... (Omitted) King! When the foolishness within the man arises, disadvantages, sufferings, and restlessness arise, Lord! When these three methods within the man arise, disadvantage, suffering, and restlessness arise. 』
    『Greed, aversion, foolish, disgusting man,
       hurt oneself, like many fruits [damage] its tree heart. 』
     This is also "inhabiting there" in danger.
     This was said by the World Zun: [SN.10.3]
    『From here, there are greed and anger, from here unhappiness, happiness, and body hair stand up.
       arises from here and then seeks intentionally, like a little boy letting a crow go. 』
     This is also "inhabiting there" in danger. "In the world", in the human world. "It's how many perils in the world.
"To those who have not traveled in the direction": ""The direction that has not been visited" is called immortality, nirvana, which is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, Nirvana. The direction that has not been visited before, not the direction that has been visited before: with this long journey.
     If he is transported, the oil bowl is completely full to the edge,
     Like this, those who should guard with heart, who have never been to the direction before.
    For those who have not been in the direction before, those who walked, those who walked forward. "For those who have not traveled in the direction.
     "On those upper monks should be conquered": ""On those", on those perils he should conquer, should defeat, should be overwhelmed, should end, should be crushed." For those upper monks should be conquered.
"Dwelling on the border": "On the border, on the border, on the border, by the mountain, or by the forest, or by the river, or by the water, where it is not cultivated or sown, human The limit, after passing, people will not approach [the] lying place." It is the residence in the border area.
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
     "How many dangers are there in the world, for those who have not been in the direction,
       Among those upper monks should be conquered: Where to live in the frontier? "
    196. What language should there be? What should there be?
       What kind of precepts and prohibitions should be imposed, which belong to the self-effort of the monk?
"What language should there be?": ""Should have a language that looks like, what kind of establishment, what kind, and what kind of contrast." He asked about the purity of speech. What is the purity of speech? Here? After the monk abandons the liar, he is the liar, the truth-speaker, the one who follows the truth, the trustworthy, the one who should be trusted, and the one who does not deceive the world. After giving up the separation, he is the liar: After hearing from here, he did not say there to separate these people, or, after he heard from there, he did not say here to separate those people. Like this, he is the mediator of division, the spreader of harmony, He who is willing to reconcile, likes to reconcile, likes to reconcile, and is the speaker of reconciliation. After abandoning the rough and evil words, he is the one who is free from the rough and evil words, who is soft, sweet, lovely, tempting, elegant, and popular. Love, pleasant words for everyone, words like this are said by him. After abandoning mischief, he isThe person who is free from miscellaneous words: he is the speaker of the right time, the speaker of the facts, the speaker of the benefit, the speaker of the law, the speaker of the law; he speaks of value, reason, restraint, and possession at the right time Words of interest [AN.4.198]. He has four kinds of good deeds and four kinds of no-fault words. He should have been separated from the thirty-two animal husbandry theory, has renounced, has given up, has given up, has given up, has been freed, has given up his bondage, he lives with the heart of being free and restricted. He said ten things to talk about, namely: the theory of less desire, the theory of contentment...the theory of living alone...the theory of incommunicating...the theory of vitality...the theory of commandment...the conclusion...the theory of wisdom...the theory of liberation... ...The theory of liberation and wisdom...the theory of mindfulness...the theory of righteousness...the theory of sufficiency...the theory of roots...the theory of strength...the theory of enlightenment...the theory of Tao...the theory of fruit and the theory of Nirvana Cautious, cautious, guardian, protective, guardian, and self-controlling words are all pure words. Should have the purity of speech like this. "Because there should be some language.
     "What kind of state should be here?": ""It should have a state of what it looks like, what kind of establishment, what kind, and what kind of contrast." He asked about the state. There are the state of affairs and the state of non-state.
    What is non-prosperity? Here, a certain type of people are prostitutes, widows, unmarried women, unmale (half-choka), or bhikshuni [AN.5.102] , Or someone who is in a drinking situation, he lives in inappropriate contact with kings, high officials, outsiders, and outsiders. Or, for those who are unbelievers, bhikshuni, Upasai, Upayi, those who have no faith, do not become water supply, abusive and slanderous, those who desire no benefit, those who desire no profit, those who desire no peace, If he wants to stay close to the stable homes, he gets close to, makes friends with, and visits such homes. This is called non-traveling.
Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to his home, a walker on the street, he walks unprotected: he looks at the elephant, at the horse, at the car, at the infantry, at the women, at the men, at Looking at the boy, looking at the girl, looking at the market, looking at the door of the house, looking at the top, looking at the bottom, looking around and walking in all directions, this is also called non-travel.
Or, the bhikkhu will become the grasper of the form and the grasper of the subtle form after seeing the color with his eyes, because... (omitted) when the root of mind is not protected, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in and he will not follow It acts with self-control, does not protect the root of mind, and does not achieve self-control on the root of mind [SN.35.120], which is also called non-action.
Or if some Shamen and Brahmin masters received food offered by faith, they lived in performers who performed and watched like this, namely: dancing, singing, music, drama, speaking about ancient times, handbells, cymbals, drums, magic, and iron balls. , Bamboo stick play, stunts, elephant fighting, horse fighting, buffalo fighting, bull fighting, goat fighting, ram fighting, rooster fighting, quail fighting, club fighting, fist fighting, wrestling, exercises, army formation, army formation, military parade [DN .1, paragraph 13], etc., like this is the performer of performance watching, which is also called non-travel.
     The five desires are also non-promotional states. This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! Don't walk in improper state or other state. Bhikkhus! Those who walk in the improper state or other state, the demon will get the opportunity, the demon will get the object. Bhikkhus! What are the improper states and other states of monks? That is: five desires, which five? The color that can be recognized by the eye, which is desirable, cute, desirable, cute, accommodating, and greedy; the sound that can be recognized by the ear; the smell that can be recognized by the nose; Can be recognized by the tongue the taste of...; be recognized by the body, be touched by the desired, cute, desirable, cute, with desire, and greed [SN.47.7]. Bhikkhus! This is called the improper state of the monk, other states. This is also called non-traditional environment.
    What is travel? Here, the bhikkhu is not a prostitute, a widow, an unmarried woman, an unmale (half-choga), a bhikkhuni, or a drinking person. He lives in Communicate with the kings, high officials, foreign ministers, and foreign disciples appropriately. Or, those who have faith in Bhikkhu, Bhikkhuni, Upa Sai, Upa Yi, those who have faith, are pure believers, those who have become water supply, those who have robes and lights, those who are in favor of the fairy [?], those who desire benefits, those who desire advantages, desire People who are comfortable and want to leave the yoke and stable homes, he gets close to, makes friends with, and visits homes like this. This is called the state of travel.
    Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to his home, a walker on the street, he has walked protectively: he does not walk while looking at the elephant, not at the horse, at the car, not at the infantry...(Omitted) Walking in all directions without looking around, this is also called Xingjing.
     Or, after the bhikkhu sees color with his eyes, he does not become the grasper of the form, the grasper of the subtle form... (Omitted) To achieve self-control on the root of mind, this is also called the state of mind.
Or if some Shamen and Brahman masters received food offered by faith, they did not live in the performers who performed and watched like this, that is: dancing, singing, music... (omitted) military parade, etc., like this is the performance of watching Or, this is also called Xing Jing.
     Four mindfulness is the state of mind. This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! What is the proper state of the monk, the state of his father and grandfather? That is: Four mindfulness, which four are you? Bhikkhus! Here, the bhikkhu lives on the body and observes the body [, enthusiasm, righteous knowledge, mindfulness, can moderate the greed and worry about the world]; in the receiving... (omitted) in the heart... (omitted) in the Dhamma Following the Dharma, enthusiasm, right knowledge, and thoughtfulness, can moderate the greed and worry about the world. Bhikkhus! This is the proper state of the monk, the state of his father and grandfather. This is also known as Xing Jing. Should have a situation like this. "Because there should be a situation here.
"What kind of precepts and prohibitions should be": ""There should be what kind of precepts and prohibitions are like, what kind of establishment, what kind, and what kind of contrast." He asked about the purity of precepts and prohibitions. What are precepts and prohibitions. The prohibitions are pure and pure? There are precepts and prohibitions, and there are prohibitions [and] non-precepts. What are precepts and prohibitions? Here, the monk is a preceptor who lives and is protected by the self-control of the Polo Timucha, with full right and state , See the terrible in minor sins, learn after being held in the academic department, wherever restraint, self-control, and non-violation are precepts; whoever obeys it is prohibition. Take self-control as a precept; take self-control as a precept; obey It is called precept and prohibition.
     What is prohibition [and] non-prevention? There are eight-headed Tuozhi: the forest branch, the often begging food, the feces sweeping the clothing, but the three clothing, the second begging, not eating after eating, often sitting [not lying], staying anywhere, this is called prohibition [ And] Fei-Jie. The observance of vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precepts: "I would rather leave only the skin, tendons, and bones; to dry up the flesh and blood of the body, as long as the human perseverance, human vitality, and human effort should be achieved but not achieved , There will be no cessation of vitality. [SN.12.22]』He is dedicated and diligent, like this is the observance of vitality, [this] is called prohibition [and] non-precept.
    『I will neither eat nor drink, nor go out of my residence,
       will not cause the thigh to fall (lying down), and the arrow of thirst [also] cannot be removed. 』[Thag.223]
    He is dedicated and diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precept. "As long as my mind is not free from all defilements by not clinging, I will not break this cross-legged! [MN.32]』He is dedicated, hardworking, and observing such vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precept. I won’t get up from this seat...I won’t walk down...I won’t go out of my residence...I won’t go out of a half-roof house...I won’t go out of a tall building...From a flat house... From the cave...from the cave...from the hut (solitary mansion)...from the heavy pavilion...from the observation deck...from the round house...from the shack...from the lecture hall...from the tent...『Just my heart Without being free from all defilements without clinging, I will not go out from under the tree. He is dedicated and diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precept. "Just before this noon I will obtain, fully obtain, attain, reach, and testify about the Holy Dharma. He is dedicated and diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precept. Just at noon...in the evening...before the food...after the food...the night before...the night...after the night...at the time of death...at the time of the white moon...in the rainy season...in the winter... In the summer...in the youth...in the middle and middle-aged..."In old age I will acquire, fully acquire, attain, reach, and testify about the Holy Dharma. He is dedicated and diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called prohibition [and] non-precept. This is the purity of precepts and prohibitions. There should be such a pure purity of precepts and prohibitions. "Because there should be any precepts and prohibitions.
"It belongs to the self-effort of the monk": ""It belongs to the self-effort", it belongs to the energy that has been activated, the one who has come to fortitude, the firm effort, the one that does not neglect the desire, and the one that does not neglect the responsibility in the good law. .Or, the goal that belongs to oneself is issued in one's own interests, in truth, characteristics, reason, reason and non-reason: "All actions are impermanent" are issued by oneself ; "All actions are suffering" are issued by oneself; "all actions are without self" are issued by oneself; "actions based on ignorance are the cause of self"What I have issued... (omitted) "The birth and death cause old age and death" are issued by myself; "The death due to ignorance leads to deeds and death" is issued by myself... (Omitted) "Birth and death lead to death and death" It belongs to oneself; "This is suffering" is issued by oneself... (slightly omitted) "This is the path leading to suffering" is issued by oneself; "This is trouble" is issued by oneself... (slightly omitted ) "This is leading to the troubles and the path" is issued by oneself; "These laws should be proven" are issued by myself... (omitted) "These laws should be proven" are issued by yourself; feel six touches The gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and detachment of the entrance are issued by oneself; the five aggregates...the gathering, disappearance, pleasure, trouble, and detachment of the four major aggregates are issued by oneself的; "Any collection of Dharma is destroyed" is issued by oneself. "Belonging to a monk", one who belongs to a monk, or someone who learns from a monk. "It belongs to the Bhikkhu's own efforts.
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
     "What language should there be? What situation should there be here?
       What kind of precepts and prohibitions should be imposed, which belong to the self-effort of the monk? "
    197. What should he learn after being held up, be dedicated, wise and mindful,
       Like a blacksmith to silver, should he get rid of his own filth?
     "What should he learn after being held to": "What should he learn after grasping, after being held, after taking, after taking, after taking up, after grasping, after grasping." is what he should learn after being held.
"Singularity, wise, mindfulness": ""Singularity", one state of mind, undistracted mind, stable mind, samadhi (stop), concentration, concentration, right concentration. ", the wise is the wise, wise, enlightened, wise, distinguished, and wise. "Mindful", "Conscientious in four ways: when practicing in the body When the body is mindful, it is mindful, on receiving...on the mind...When practising mindfulness and mindfulness in the Dhamma, it is mindful. He is called mindful." It is mindful. "What should he learn after he is upheld?" He asked to add precepts to school. "Specifically," he asked to learn more. "Gunian," he asked Zeng to go to Hui school. "For what he should learn after being sustained, he should be dedicated, wise, and thoughtful.
"If a blacksmith deals with silver, he should get rid of his own filth": "A blacksmith is called a goldsmith, and silver is called gold. If a goldsmith deals with gold, he blows, fan, and melts [AN.3.102] the gross filth , Also blow, fan, and dissolve medium dirt, blow, fan, and dissolve fine dirt. Similarly, bhikkhus blow, fan, and dissolve their own gross pollution, cut off, drive away, end, and make it. Go to non-existence. Moderate pollution... (omitted) also blow, fan the fire, melt the fine pollution, cut off, drive away, make the end, and make it go to non-existence.
Or, bhikkhus blow, fan the fire, dissolve the filth of greed, the filth of anger, the filth of ignorance, the filth of slow, the filth of seeing, the filth of pollution, the filth of evil deeds, the filth of blindness, the non-action Eyes, those who don’t be intellect, those who destroy wisdom, those who are annoyed by the party, and those who do not lead to Nirvana [AN.3.72], abandon, drive away, end, and make them go to non-existence.
     Or, use the right view to blow, fan the fire, melt the wrong view, cut off, drive away, make the end, and make it go to non-existence. Take the righteous will... (slightly) the evil will... In righteous language...evil language... With righteous karma...evil karma... With righteous fate...evil fate... With righteous words... evil words... Advance with righteous effort... evil effort. With righteous thoughts... evil thoughts. With right concentration... evil concentration. With righteous wisdom...evil wisdom. Use positive liberation to blow, fan the fire, dissolve evil and liberate, let go, drive away, make the end, and make it go to non-existence.
Or, use the eight holy paths to blow, fan the fire, dissolve all pollution, all evil deeds, all afflictions, all scorching heat, all enthusiasm, all unwholesome deeds, cut off, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence . "Because a blacksmith should get rid of his own filth to silver.
     Because of that, the Lord Sariputta said:
     "What should he learn after being held up, be dedicated, wise, and mindful,
       Like a blacksmith to silver, should he get rid of his own filth? "
    198. [World Zun: "Sariputra!"] For the bored, being close to the unmanned seat and sleeping place is indeed a peace.
      The one who wants to be enlightened will follow the law, I will say that for you like the one who knows it.
"For those who are bored...is peace and happiness": ""For those who are bored", "For those who are bored, being bored, sick...dead...being sad...being sad ...Being suffering...being worried...being desperate...(slightly omitted) for those who are bored, distressed, and anxious who are suffering from loss (bad view)."For the bored. "That is happiness", whoever lives in peace will be told by me. What is a lively life? The correct path, the following path, the inverted path, the non-contrary path, the path where it means, the path where the law follows the law, the integrity of the precepts, the guarding of the roots, the right amount of food, the specialization of sobriety, Mindfulness and right knowledge, four mindfulness, four positive diligence, four divine feet, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment elements, eight holy paths, nirvana, and the path leading to nirvana, this is the path to nirvana. "For the bored...that is, happiness.
"[World Zun: "Sariputra!"]": "Call that person by his name. "World Zun", synonymous with respect. In addition, "Destroyed greed" is World-Honored; "Destroyed abusive ones" is World-Honored; " "Destroyed idiots" is the world-honored; "destroyed the slow" is the world-honored; "destroyed the thorns" is the world-honored; "smashed the thorns" is the world-honored; "The one who distinguishes the magic weapon" is the Blessed One; the "someone who ends" is the Blessed One; "the one who has practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed one; or the "the Blessed one is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings" Recumbent place): The one with low sound, quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is for clothes, food, shelter, the needs of patients, and medical necessities. The person who divides is the world-zun; or “the world-zun is the one who has the taste of righteousness, the taste, the taste of liberation, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom” is the world-zun; or the “the world-zun is the four kinds of Zen, the four immeasurables, the four The one who has no color is the world-zun; or "the world-zun is the one who is the eighth liberation, the eight-sacred place, the nineth dwelling place, etc." is the world-zun; or the "the world-zun is the practice of ten thoughts, ten times and so on, The one who has the attainment of inward and outward mindfulness, and the attainment of impurity” is the world-honored person; or “the world-honored person is the one who has the four satipaṭṭhāna, the four positive diligences, the four divine feet, the five faculties, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path. "Zhe" is the world-zun; or "the world-zun is the one who has ten Tathagata powers, four fearlessness, four unobstructed understandings, six magical powers, and six enlightenment methods" is the world-zun. "World-zun", this name is not given by the mother. Not given by father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by Shamon or Brahman; not given by heaven. This is ultimate liberation; yes The Buddha, the Blessed One, and the Settlement (pseudonym) under the Bodhi tree with all knowledge and wisdom gained and testified, that is, the Blessed One." is [World Blessed One: "Sariputra!"].
"The one who desires enlightenment follows the Dharma": ""Enlightenment" is called wisdom, wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, dharma enlightenment, investigation, vipassana, right view, the enlightened one on the four paths Those who want to be enlightened, those who want to be enlightened, those who want to be awakened, those who want to be enlightened, those who want to get, those who want to reach, those who want to testify." Those who want to be enlightened.
"According to the law": "What is the path of enlightenment? The path that is correct, the path that follows the path, the path that is not reversed, the path that does not contradict, the path that is as its meaning, the path that the law follows the law, all Complete precepts, guarding the roots, knowing the right amount of food, and specializing in sobriety, mindfulness and right knowledge. This is called the following Dharma of enlightenment." It is the following Dharma of those who desire enlightenment.
"I will say that for you as the one who knows": ""That", feel the way. "I will say", I will say, I will explain, I will teach, I will tell, I will establish, I Will uncover, I will analyze, I will clarify, I will explain. "As the knower", as the knower; as the knower, the knower, the other person, the sure knower, the perturbed person, not the hearsay, not the rumor , Not from inheritance, not from the teachings of the Scriptures, not from logical inference, not from reasoning, not from theoretical thinking, not from the insights accepted after contemplation, is the method that is personally proven and self-proven, I will say That." For me, I will say that for you as those who know.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Sariputra!"] For the bored, being close to the unmanned seat and sleeping place is indeed a comfort
      The one who wants to be enlightened will follow the law, I will say that for you like the one who knows it. "
    199. The wise man should not be afraid of the five types of horrors, the thoughtful and boundless monk:
       to flies, moths, snakes, to human contact, to four-legged animals.
"The wise man should not be afraid of the five horrors": "The wise man is the wise man, the wise man, the enlightened man, the wise man, the distinguished man, and the wise man. The wise man should not be afraid of the five horrors Fear, should not tremble, should not be afraid, should not be afraid, should not be terror, should not come to fear, should be not timid, not frightened, not frightened, not fleeing, should live in fear , The hair has been erected from the body." The wise man should not be afraid of the five horrors.
     "Bhikshu with mindfulness and boundedness": ""Bhikshu", a monk or a monk with learning. "Mindful (of)", it is thoughtful in four ways:When practising mindfulness and mindfulness in the body, it is thoughtful, on the receiving... (slightly omitted) on the mind... When practicing mindfulness and mindfulness in the Dharma, he is called mindful. . There are four kinds of limits in "Boundary Action": the limits of abstinence from self-control, the limits of root self-control, the limits of knowing the right amount of diet, and the limits of specializing in soberness.
    What is the limit of abstinence? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is protected by the self-control of the Polo Timucha. He has sufficient righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns after being upheld in the school. When examining the state of internal decay, he practiced the internal precepts of self-control, not breaking the boundaries. This is the precept of self-control.
    What is the limit of self-control? Here, after the bhikkhu sees the color with his eyes, he does not become a grasper of the aspect, a grasper of the subtle aspect... (slightly omitted) he achieves self-control at the base of his eyes. After hearing the sound with ears...sniffing the smell...after tasting the tongue...after touching the body...after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, you will not become the grasper of the aspect, the grasper of the subtle aspect, because the When the root of mind is not protected, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in. He acts according to his self-control, protects the root of mind, and achieves self-control on the root of mind. When examining the burning method, he practices internal self-control boundaries and does not break the boundaries. This is the root self-control boundary.
    What is the limit of dietary knowledge? Here, the bhikkhu eats food after inspection: "Neither for pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for a good figure, not for dignity, but for the survival and survival of this body, to stop harm, and to support the Brahma. In this way, I will repel the previous feelings, do not arouse new feelings, be healthy, without fault, and live in peace. When examining the oiling of the axles, the coverage of sores [SN.35.239], and the analogy of the son's flesh [SN.12.63], he practiced the internal diet to know the right amount of boundaries, not breaking the boundaries, this is the limit of diet knowing the right amount of self-control.
    What is the limit of specializing in sobriety? Here, during the day, the monk cleanses the mind from obstacles by walking and sitting peacefully. During the first night, by walking and sitting peacefully, the mind should be purified from obstacles. In the middle of the night, lying on the right side as a lion, put the [left] foot on the [right] foot, with mindfulness and righteous knowledge, thinking about it. In the latter night, by walking and sitting still, the mind should be purified from obstacles [SN.35.120]. When inspecting Xianshan staying overnight [MN.131], he will focus on the internal sober boundaries, without breaking the boundaries, this is the root of self-control. "It is a mindful monk with bounds.
"To flies, moths, snakes": "Gadfly (brown flies) are called flies. All flies are called moths. For what reason are all flies called moths? They fly up and bite again and again, for this reason all flies are They are called moths. Snakes (crawlers) are called snakes." They are fly, moths, and snakes.
"Contact with people, with four-legged animals": "Thieves and hooligans who do bad things or prepare to do bad things are called contact with people. They may ask bhikkhu questions, or join in discussions, abuse, slander, anger, To make anger, hurt, distress, kill, annoy, or harm. Any contact that is annoying from human beings. "Four-legged animals", lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves , Bison, and elephants, they will crush, eat, hurt, distress, kill, annoy, or harm the monk. The irritation from four-legged animals is the terror of all four-legged animals." For people. Contact with four-legged animals.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The wise monk who should not be afraid of the five horrors, mindful and bounded:
       to flies, moths, snakes, to human contact, to four-legged animals. "
    200. You should not be afraid of other practitioners: even after seeing them many terrible things,
       should conquer all dangers: the good seekers.
"You should not be afraid of other Dharma persons: even if you see them with many terrible things": "Except for the Dharma-like beings, anyone who has not yet believed in the Buddha, Dharma, or Sangha is called other Dharma persons. They may Asking Bhikkhu questions, or adding discussion, or insulting, slandering, irritating, angering, hurting, distressing, killing, irritating, or hurting. Many of them are terrible. He should not tremble or tremble after seeing or hearing them. (Strong tremor), should not tremble greatly (strong tremor), should not be afraid, should not be afraid, should not be afraid (upward fear), should not be afraid (over fear), should not be afraid, should not be afraid, should be Those who are not cowardly, those who are not frightened, those who are not frightened, and those who do not run away should live where they have given up their fear of fear and have left their bodies erected.” Those who are not afraid of other laws should not be afraid: even after seeing them many terrible things.
     "We should conquer all dangers: the good seekers": ""Further", there are things that should be conquered, those that should be defeated, those that should be overwhelmed, and those that should be terminated, Should be crushed. "Danger", there are two kinds of danger: the obvious danger and the hidden danger... (Omitted) This is also the danger of "living there". "Good follower", correct path (right path), follow path, inverted path, non-contrasting path... (omitted) Eight-branch path, Nirvana and path leading to Nirvana, To seek, to seek, to seek all over the crisis should be conquered, should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should be terminated, should be crushed. "Being even more necessary to conquer all dangers: good seekers.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "You should not be afraid of other practitioners: even after seeing them many terrible things,
       should conquer all dangers: the good seekers. "
    201. Being touched by illness and hunger, one should endure cold and heat,
      The homeless man was touched by all those kinds of things, and he should be strong in vitality and hard work.
"Contact with sickness and suffering, contact with hunger": "Contact with sickness and suffering is called contact with disease. Will be touched, tortured, combined, possessed by contact with disease: Will be touched, tortured, combined, possessed by eye diseases; by ear Sickness...sickness of nose...sickness of tongue...sickness of body...(slightly) being touched, tortured, combined, possessed by the contact of the fly mosquito, wind and sun snake. Hunger is called hunger. It will be touched by hunger, Torture, union, possession." It is the contact of suffering and hunger.
     "should endure cold and heat": ""Cold", there is cold due to two factors: cold due to inner excitement, or cold due to external seasons. "Heat" refers to the existence of heat due to two factors: heat exists due to internal excitement, or heat exists due to external seasons. "For cold and heat. "Should endure", it should be cold, heat, hunger, thirst, and the endurance of contact with fly mosquitoes, winds, suns, and snakes. It should be the occurrence of insults, slander, and physical suffering, intense, violent, Strong undesirable, undesirable, life-threatening bearer and the like. "Because I should endure cold and heat.
"He is touched by those who are homeless": ""He is touched by those", "will be touched by sickness, hunger, cold, heat, torture, union, possession." It is because he was touched by those. ", "Will be touched, tortured, combined, possessed by all kinds of behaviors." Because he is touched by those kinds of things. "The homeless", "The opportunity of conjugation by consciousness is not made." For the homeless [≃SN. 22.3]. Or, don’t do the opportunity to do bad things in the body, words, and intentions." For the homeless. "Being homeless, he was touched by all those things.
"Energetic, hard work, he should be firm": the motivation of the vitality of the mortal heart, diligence, hard work, courage, diligence, endeavor, diligence, non-shrinking, perseverance, continuous, non-relaxed courage, non-giving up desire state, non-negligence The state of responsibility, the support of responsibility, vitality, the root of vitality, the power of vitality, and the right progress are called vitality and effort. "Vitality, effort, he should be firm": "Vitality, effort, he should be firm, he should be firm, he should be a firm bearer, an established bearer." For vitality and effort he should be firm.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "If you are touched by illness or hunger, you should endure cold and heat,
      He who is homeless is touched by all those things, he should be firm with vitality and hard work. "
    202. You should not steal, speak vainly, and reach the weak and the strong with kindness.
       Whenever the mind is cloudy, he should know that he should drive away from the "dark side."
"Should not steal, should not speak vainly": ""Should not be stealing", "Here, after the monk refuses to give and takes, he should be the one who has not given and taken, the one who has been given, Those who are given should be expected; they should live not to steal and to be a clean one.” Because they should not steal. “Should not speak vainly”, “Here, after the monk abandons the lie, he should be free Those who speak falsely, those who speak truthfully, those who are truthful, those who are reliable, those who can be trusted, and those who do not deceive the world."" Because you should not steal and speak falsely.
"The weak and the strong should be touched with kindness": "kindness", all beings with kindness, compassion, kindness, compassion, sympathy, pity, altruism, compassion, no malice, no harm, no harm Afflicted, good-rooted person. The "cowards" belong to those who tremble, their thirst, and those who have not been cut off, as well as those who are terrified and afraid of not being cut off. For what reason are they called the cowards? They tremble, fear, terror, fear, come to fear, and for this reason they are called cowards. "Strong ones" belong to those who have been cut off from trembling and thirst, and those who have been cut off from fear and fear. For what reason are they called the strong? They don’t tremble or fearFear, no terror, no fear, no fear, for this reason they are called strong. "The weak and the strong should be touched with kindness": "The weak and the strong should be touched and filled with kindness, with the heart of walking with kindness, with the vastness, the excellence, the immeasurable, and no resentment , Fill the whole world with an innocent heart and live there.” It means that the weak and the strong should be reached with kindness.
     "Whenever the mind is cloudy, he should know": "Whenever" is whenever. "Mind" refers to all the mind, mind, mind, mind (dirty), white (purified), mind, mind, mind root, consciousness, consciousness accumulation, corresponding to that consciousness. Acting evil with the body, the mind becomes turbid, agitated, moving, impacting, fluctuating, rotating, and restless; acting evil with words... (omitted) acting evil with intention... with greed... Affliction...with ignorance...with anger...with resentment...with evil...with domineering...with jealousy...with stinginess...with hypocrisy...with cunning...with stubbornness...with passion...with Slow...by extremely slow...by holding back...by letting go...by all pollution...by all evil deeds...by all troubles...by all anxiety...by all heat...by all badness The mind becomes cloudy, agitated, moving, bumping, undulating, rotating, and restless. "Whenever the mind is cloudy, he should know": "He should know, should know, should not, should know, and should understand the cloud state of the mind." For whenever the mind is cloudy, he should know .
     "He should drive away from the "dark side"": "Darkness", that is the relatives of the demon, the ruler of darkness, the one who has reached the limit, the demon, and the outcast. "The dark side is the devil's side, the devil’s catching net, the devil’s fishing hook, the demon’s food, the demon’s realm, the demon’s residence, the demon’s travel state, and the demon’s bondage. It should be made to go to non-existence." In this way, he should drive away from the "dark side." Or, "The dark side is the devil's side, the unwholesome side, the one that causes suffering, the one that leads to hell, the one that leads to the animal world, and the one that leads to the hungry ghost world. He should abandon, drive away, end, and make it. Go to non-existence." This is also why he should drive away from the "dark side."
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "You should not steal, you should not speak vainly, you should reach the weak and the strong with kindness,
       Whenever his mind is cloudy, he should know that he should drive away from the "dark side". "
    203. Should not fall into angry, extremely slow control, stand still after digging out their roots,
      Secondly, those who are cute or not cute, the survivors should indeed conquer.
     "Should not fall into anger, extremely slow control": "Anger", that is the anger and hostility of the heart... (abbreviated) Cruel anger, rage, and unpleasantness of the heart. "Extremely slow", here, a certain type of people may be born, or surname... (omitted) or scorn others with something. "Should not fall into the control of anger and extreme slowness": "Should not fall into the control of anger and extreme slowness, anger and extreme slowness should be discarded, driven away, terminated, and should be made to go to non-existence. "Because you should not fall into angry, extremely slow control.
     "After digging out their roots, they should stand still": What is the root of anger? Ignorance is the root, rather than reasoning is the root, I am slow is the root, without shame is the root, without shame is the root, stubbornness is the root, this is the root of anger. What is an extremely slow root? Ignorance is the root, not as good as reason and intention is the root, I am the root of slowness, without shame is the root, worthy of the root, and stubbornness is the root. This is the root of extremely slowness. "After digging out their roots, they should stand still": "Anger and extremely slow roots should be dug out, after pulling out, after pulling out, after pulling out, after taking out, after removing, after completely removing, after cutting off, driving away After the end, after the end, it should stand still after making it no longer exist, and stand still completely.” It should stand still after digging out their roots.
"Secondly, the lovable or unlovable, the survivors should indeed conquer": "Secondly", the continuation of sentences; the linking of sentences; the consummation of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of phrases; this is the order of sentences, for "Secondly". "Lovely", there are two kinds of cuteness: sentient beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here, wherever they are a mother, or father, or brother, or sister, or son, or daughter, or friend, or colleague, or relatives who want to be beneficial to him, or who want to be beneficial, or who want to stay away from the yoke, Or those with blood, these are lovely beings. What are cute lines? Desirable colors...sounds...scents...smells, pleasant touches, these are lovely deeds. There are two kinds of "unlovable": beings or deeds. What are unlovable beings? Here, if they don’t want to benefit from himThose who are stable and want to kill, these are unlovable beings. What are the unlovable lines? Unpleasant colors, unpleasant sounds... smells... smells, unpleasant touches, these are unlovable behaviors. "Indeed", this is the decisive (always) language, the undoubted language, the confident language, the non-duality, the undoubted reading, the command, the error-free language [, the non-failure language], this is The word of confirmation is "confirmed". "Secondly, the lovable or unlovable, the winner should indeed conquer": "lovable, unlovable; desirable, undesirable; happy, bitter; joy, sorrow; desirable, unacceptable What people want, the conqueror should conquer, or the victor should conquer." Secondly cute or unlovable, the survivor should indeed conquer.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Should not fall into anger, extremely slow control, and stand still after digging out their roots.
      Secondly, those who are cute or not cute, the survivors should indeed conquer. "
    204. After Hui is placed in the front, there will be good joys, and those dangers should be overcome.
       should conquer the unhappiness lying on the sidelines, and should conquer the four ways of weeping.
"Wisdom is placed in the front and there is good joy": ""Wisdom", that is Wisdom, understanding, simple selection, investigation, choice of methods... (Omitted) No delusion, right view. "Wisdom is placed in the front", here , A certain type of people put (as) Hui in front and walk behind. Hui is the flag, the flag is the flag, and the wisdom is the increase. Choose more, choose more simple, think more deeply (Sri Lanka version), think more completely, and live in Those who understand, those who have character, those who have more, those who emphasize, those who target that, those who work hard, those who lean toward them, those who overcome them, those who improve, those who have more character, those who have more , The one who emphasizes that, the one who takes that as the object, the one who works hard, the one who leans to the one who overcomes, the one who increases, so that wisdom is placed in front and behind.
Or, "When walking, he knows: "I walk." Or, when standing, he knows: "I stand." Or, when sitting, he knows: "I'm sitting." Or, When lying down, he knows: "I'm lying down." Or, he knows like the movement of the body. "In this way, Hui is placed in front and behind.
Or, "When you move forward and backward, you are rightly aware of the actor; when looking forward and backward, you are rightly aware of the actor; when [the body] is bent and stretched, you are rightly aware of the actor; in [wearing] clothes, holding bowls and coats Time is right-knowing to the actor; right-knowing to the actor when drinking, eating, chewing, and tasting; being right-knowing to the actor when urinating and urinating; being right-knowing when walking, living, sitting, lying, awake, speaking, and silent To the actors. [MN.10]』Hui is also placed in front and behind.
     "good happiness", happiness arises because of Buddha's thoughts, and happiness is good happiness. Because of the law...the monks follow the thoughts...the precepts...the charity follow the heavens...the heavens follow the thoughts...the in and out breath...the death thoughts...the body and the thoughts...because of the silence [AN. 1.297] and joy arises, joy is good joy. After Weihui is placed in the front, there is good joy.
"Those dangers should be suppressed": "Dangers", there are two kinds of dangers: obvious dangers and hidden dangers... (Omitted) These are called obvious dangers... (Omitted) These are called hidden dangers ...... (Omitted) This is also the danger of "living there". "Those dangers should be suppressed": "Those dangers should be suppressed, should be defeated, should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should be terminated, should be crushed." In order to suppress those dangers.
"Should conquer the unhappiness of lying on the border": ""Unhappy", whoever is not happy, unhappy, greatly unhappy, extremely unhappy, dissatisfied, and horrible. "Lying on the border" , In the frontier residence, or in a higher virtuous law, he should be conquered, victorious, overwhelmed, end, and crushed if he is unhappy.” This is because he should conquer the unhappy lying in the border.
     "Four ways of weeping should be conquered": "Four ways of weeping should be conquered, should be conquered all over, should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should end, should be crushed." The four ways of weeping should be conquered.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "When Hui is placed in the front, there will be good joys, and those dangers should be overcome.
       should conquer the unhappiness lying on the sidelines, and should conquer the four ways of weeping. "
    205. What will I eat or where will I eat? I do not sleep well or where will I sleep today?
       These weeping search, scholars should be tempered: the homeless person.
     "What will I eat or where will I eat": ""What will I eat", "What kind of rice, or porridge, or noodles, or fish, or meat, will I eat." For I will eatwhat. "Where will I eat" and where will I be used: in the Kshatriya family, or in the Brahmin family, or in the Vaisha family, or in the Sudra family? "For what I will eat or where I will eat.
"It is true that I cannot sleep well or where will I sleep today": "I cannot sleep well this night: on a wooden board, or on a small mat, or on a leather cushion, or on a straw mat, or on a leaf mat, or on a straw mat. Where will I sleep at night: on the bed, or sitting on the bed, or on a cushion, or on a long pillow, or in the monk’s room, or in a half-roofed house, or in a tall building, or in a flat house, or In the cave?" To really do not sleep well or where will I sleep today.
"These weeping seeks": ""These seeks" are two seeks related to feeding and two seeks related to dwelling. The ones that will weep are the ones that will weep. The ones that will cry are the ones that will weep." For these meetings Weeping search.
     "Students should tune in: homeless walkers": "Students", why are they called scholars? "He learns" as a scholar. What does he study? He learns to increase precepts, he also learns to increase mind, and he also learns to increase wisdom. What is Xi Zeng Shang Cao Xue... (abbreviated) This is Zeng Shang Hui Xue. These three learnings, he learns when facing (noting); when knowing...when seeing...when examining...when the mind is established (decision), he learns; when faith wins the solution, he learns; when vigor and effort ...When mindfulness arises...when mind concentration (concentration)...he learns when knowing with wisdom; he learns when knowledge should be proved; when omniscience should be omniscience... When deciding what should be decriminalized...when the practice should be practised...when the testimony should be testified, he learns, practices, practices well, and learns after being sustained. It is called a scholar for this reason. "In order to temper, eliminate, let go, calm down, cut off mind, and stop, he should learn to increase precepts, he should also learn to increase mind, and he should also learn to increase wisdom. These three learnings should be learned when facing (noting). ; When you know... (omitted) as a testimony, you should learn, practice, practice well, and then turn around when you should be testified." A scholar should adjust.
     "A homeless traveler", how is a traveler at home? Here, a certain type of people has the obstacles of home, the obstacles of the group (the crowd)... the obstacles of residence... the obstacles of clothing... the obstacles of group food... the obstacles of residence... the obstacles of patients’ needs and medical necessities, This is the home traveller. What is a homeless traveler? Here, the bhikkhu does not have the obstacles of home, the obstacles of the group (people)... the obstacles of residence... the obstacles of clothing... the obstacles of group food... the obstacles of residence... the obstacles of the patients’ needs and the medical necessities, This is a homeless traveler.
     "to Magadha; to Kansara, and some are in Baqi area,
       walks without land like a wild deer, and monks live without shelter. "[SN.9.4]
     "Walkers are good, good ones are good, homeless accommodation is always good,
       means to ask about skilled behavior, which is the sandman sex without all. "[Thag. 1.36]
     As a scholar, you should adjust: the homeless person.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "What will I eat or where will I eat? I really don't sleep well or where will I sleep today?
       These weeping search, scholars should be tempered: the homeless person. "
    206. After getting food and clothes at the right time, he should know the right amount and content here.
      He is a guardian in those and a self-control in the village, and he shouldn’t speak harsh words even when provoked.
     "After getting food and clothes in time": "Food", rice, porridge, noodles, fish, meat. "Clothes" include six types of clothing: linen, cotton, silk, sweater, hemp, and hemp. "After obtaining food and clothes in a timely manner": "After obtaining clothes, after obtaining food: no tricks, no talk, no hints, no sarcasm, no gains in exchange for other benefits, no wood donations, Do not use bamboo to give objects, do not give objects with leaves, do not give objects with flowers, do not give objects with bath, do not use washing powder, do not use clay, do not use tooth wood, do not use face wash water Things, no flattery, no confession, no flattery, no slander behind (Sri Lanka version), no homestead, no animal, no astrology, no [when] envoy, no [when] dispatch To make, not to [when] running errands, not to use medical treatment[, not to build a new job], not to give food or to give in return, not to give by charity, after he obtains, after obtaining, after obtaining, and possessing properly by the law After, after receiving." is the time after getting food and clothes.
     "He should know the right amount of justice to be satisfied here": "『He should knowRight amount", he should know the right amount in two ways: from receiving or from using. How to know the right amount from receiving? Even if there are only some things to be given, he accepts it out of pity for the [donor]’s house, guarding the [donor]’s house, and pity for the [donor]’s house; although there are many things to be given, he accepts and protects the abdomen only by clothes that protect the body Shishi he accepted. This is to know the right amount from acceptance. How to know the right amount from use?
    The clothes used after inspection: only for the defense of cold, the defense of heat, the defense of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and the snake, and the hiding of the genitals.
     It is for the sake of being used and fed after inspection: neither for pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for a good figure, not for dignity, but only for the survival and survival of this body, to stop harm, and to support the Brahma. In this way, I will repel the previous feelings, do not arouse new feelings, be healthy, without fault, and live in peace.
    Responsible residence after inspection: only for the defense of cold, the defense of the heat, the defense of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and the snake, the removal of the climate crisis, the joy of sitting alone.
     After the inspection, the patient’s necessities and medical necessities are used: just for the defense of the feeling of annoyance that has arisen, and at most for not being angry. [MN.2]
    I know the right amount from use in this way. "He should know the right amount", "From these two aspects, he should know, should know, should know, and should understand the right amount. "Because he should know the right amount.
"The righteous principle that is satisfied here", here, the monk is a person who is satisfied with whatever clothes, and is a person who praises whatever clothes are satisfied. He does not come to improper desires because of clothes and cannot get The clothes don’t tremble, they won’t be tied to the ground, don’t faint, innocent, have seen the troubled ground, come to use it with wisdom [SN.16.1], and he doesn’t regard these clothes as any Satisfied and praised oneself without contempt for others. Those who are skilled, not lazy, right-knowing, and obsessive there are known as the bhikkhus living in the highest holy caste [DN.33/AN.4.28].
Furthermore, the bhikkhu is a person who is satisfied with whatever food is given, and is a person who has been satisfied with whatever food is given. He does not come to inappropriate evil desires because of food, and he does not shudder if he does not receive food. He is bound to the ground, not fainted, innocent, has seen the troubled ground, and has been wisely used. Moreover, he neither praises himself with his knowledge of feeding, nor does he despise others, wherever he is Those who are skilled, not lazy, wise, and mindful are known as the bhikkhus who lived in the highest holy caste of the past.
Furthermore, the bhikkhu is a person who is satisfied with whatever dwelling place, and praises the satisfaction of whatever dwelling place, he does not come to inappropriate evil desires because of the dwelling place, he does not get a place to stay without trembling, and gets a place to stay. He was bound to the ground, not fainted, innocent of sin, saw the troubled ground, and was used with wisdom and wisdom. Moreover, he neither praised himself for the knowledge of this dwelling, nor did he contempt others. Those who are skilled, not lazy, wise, and mindful are known as the bhikkhus who lived in the highest holy caste of the past.
Furthermore, the bhikkhu is a person who has satisfied the needs and medical necessities of any patient, and praises the satisfaction of the needs and medical necessities of any patient. He is not affected by the needs and medical necessities of the patient. When it comes to inappropriate evil desires, do not get the patient’s necessities and medical necessities without trembling, and obtain the patient’s necessities and medical necessities without being tied to the ground, without fainting, innocent, seeing the affected area, and going out. He is used without wisdom, and he neither praises himself for the needs and medical necessities of any kind of patient, nor does he contempt others. Those who are skilled, not lazy, righteous, and mindful are there. Known as the bhikkhu who lived in the highest holy caste of the past. "Because he should know the right amount of justice here and be satisfied here.
"He is a guardian in those and a self-control in the village": "'He is a guardian in those', "he is a guardian and protector in clothes, food, shelter, the necessities of patients, and medical necessities. The guardian, the guardian, the guardian.” This is that he is the guardian in those. Or, “He is the guardian, the protector, the guardian, the guardian in all places.” This is also the guardian in those. .
     "In the village is the self-control walker", in the village it is the self-control, the prudent, the circumspect, the guardian, the protector, the guardian, and the protector. "Because he is a guardian in those, and a self-control in the village.
"Even when provoked, he should not say harsh words": "When he is slandered, reprimanded, slandered, annoyed, humiliated, or insulted, he shouldn't say back violently and violently. Argue, shouldn'tThose who scold and insult, should not provoke anger, should not argue back to [者, SN.7.2], should not quarrel, should not argue, should not argue, should not argue, should not argue , Quarrels, arguing, arguing, arguing, arguing, he should abandon, should be driven away, should end, should make it go to non-existence. He should have been separated from quarreling, arguing, arguing, arguing, disagreement, abstaining, quitting, renunciation, renunciation, renunciation, renunciation, and he should live in the confinement of separation. "Because you shouldn't say harsh words even when you are provoked.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After getting food and clothes at the right time, he should know the right amount and content here.
      He is a guardian in those and a self-control in the village, and he shouldn’t speak harsh words even when provoked. "
    207. Those with downward eyes and those who do not wander, those who are devoted to Zen, and those who are more sober,
       is in a calm state after the hands are calm, he should cut off the intention of thinking and regret.
"The one with the eyes down and the one that does not wander": "How are the eyes confused? Here, the bhikkhu is an eye restless person, with an eye restless person: "What should be seen becomes invisible, and what should be crossed becomes seen "From the garden to the garden, from the garden to the garden, from the village to the village, from the town to the town, from the city to the city, from the country to the country, from the place to the place, he is to see the long parades and occasional parades in various forms. The practitioners, this is confusing.
Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to his home, a walker on the street, he walks unprotected: he looks at the elephant, at the horse, at the car, at the infantry, at the women, at the men, at Looking at the boy, looking at the men and women, looking at the market, looking at the door of the house, looking at the top, looking at the bottom, looking around in all directions, this is also confused.
Or, after the bhikkhu sees color with his eyes, he becomes a grasper of appearance and a grasper of subtle appearance, because when he stays at the root of his eyes, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in. He does not act according to his self-control. If you don’t protect the roots of the eyes, and do not achieve self-control [SN.35.120] on the roots of the eyes, this is also confusing your eyes.
Or if some Shamen and Brahmin masters received food offered by faith, they lived in performers who performed and watched like this, namely: dancing, singing, music, drama, speaking about ancient times, handbells, cymbals, drums, magic, and iron balls. , Bamboo stick play, stunts, elephant fights, horse fights, buffalo fights, bull fights, goat fights, ram fights, cock fights, quail fights, club fights, fist fights, wrestling, exercises, military formations, military formations, military parades, etc., This is also confusing.
     How is it not eye confusion? Here, the bhikkhu is not a person with unstable eyes, and one who does not possess eyes: "What should be seen becomes invisible, and what should be crossed becomes visible. "Not from gardens to gardens, from gardens to gardens, from villages to villages, from towns to towns, from cities to cities, from countries to countries, from places to places, he didn’t want to see long parades and occasional parades in various forms. Engaged in. This is not confusing.
     Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to the home and a walker on the street, he walks in a protective manner: he does not walk while looking at the elephant... (omitted) and does not look around and walks in all directions, it is not eye confusion.
     Or, after the bhikkhu sees color with his eyes, he does not become a grasper of appearance... (slightly) To achieve self-control at the base of his eyes, this is not to be confused by the eyes.
     Or as some Shamen and Brahmin masters received food offered by faith... (slightly omitted) Military parades, etc., are avoiders who watch in various forms like this, so they are not confused. 』The eyes are downward.
     "With the non-wandering", how is it wandering? Here, the bhikkhu is a wanderer, with wandering nature: from the garden to the garden... (slightly omitted) He is a person who is engaged in seeing long processions and irregular processions in various forms. This is wandering.
Or the wandering bhikkhus in the monk’s garden are wandering: there is no reason for benefit, no reason for lifting the ground, quietly walking from the monk’s room to the monk’s room, from the residence... (omitted) If there is no matter, so is it Wandering.
     "With the non-wandering", he should abandon the wandering nature, should be driven away, should end, should make it go to non-existence. He should have been separated from wandering, abstained, abstained, detached, detached, detached, detached from bondage, he should live away from being restricted, he should become a person who is willing to sit alone and loves to sit alone Those who do not despise Zen, those who have spectators, those who gain vacant houses, meditators, those who love Zen, the practitioners of unity, and those who do not despise Zen.Admirer of his own interests. "For those whose eyes are downward and those who don't wander.
"Those who are devoted to Zen are more sober": "Those who are devoted to Zen" are devoted to Zen in two ways: "For the emergence of Zen in the unborn first to become the upper yoke, the strong upper yoke, and toward the upper yoke For those who are completely toward the upper yoke, or for the second jhana that has not arisen... (slightly omitted) the third jhana......for the fourth jhana that has not arisen, becomes the upper yoke, strong upper yoke, or toward the upper yoke, Fully towards the upper yoke.” This is dedicated to Zen. Or, “has been born in the first jhana practice, practice, and more practice, or has a second jhana...the third jhana...has a fourth jhana practice, Practice, practice more." This is also dedicated to Zen.
     "Much sober ones". Here, the bhikkhu purifies the mind from obstacles by walking and sitting peacefully during the day. During the first night, use prayer and sitting to purify the mind from obstacles. In the middle of the night, lying on the right side as a lion, put the [left] foot on the [right] foot, with mindfulness and righteous knowledge, thinking about it. In the latter night, use prayer and sitting to purify the mind from obstacles. [SN.35.120]" is one who is devoted to Zen and belongs to many sober ones.
"When you begin to calm down, you will be in the state of concentration": ""Peace", that is the peace in the fourth jhana, carelessness, onlookers, the cessation of the mind, the equality of the mind, the tranquil state of the mind, and the neutral state of the mind. State", that is the mind’s cessation, stability, stability, undistracted, stable mind, samadhi, samādhi, concentration, samādhi, and samādhi. "The state of samādhi after the start is calm": in the fourth jhana After the hands are calm, it becomes a state of mind, not chaotic, and calm. "It means entering the state of meditation after being calm.
"He should sever the intention of thinking and regret": "Thinking", there are nine types of searching: seeking, seeking maliciously, seeking harm, seeking for family, seeking for the land, seeking for immortality, seeking for sympathy with others, and respect for benefit The search related to fame and the search related to not being scorned are called nine kinds of search. For Yuxun, wanting is intention, for evil-seeking, malicious thinking is intention, and for inflicting evil-seeking, it is intention. Or, ignorance is the intention for thinking, searching, and thinking; it is not as the intention for reason; I am slow as the intention; worthy of the intention; falling for the intention.
"Regret", the impropriety of the hands (mischievous anxiety) is regret, the improper behavior of the feet is also regret, the improper behavior of hands and feet is also regret, the inappropriate is considered (considered) as appropriate, and the appropriate is considered as no Appropriately, those who are innocent are considered to be sins, and those who are guilty are considered to be innocent. Any regret like this, the path of regret, the state of regret, the regret of the heart, and the confusion of the mind are called regret.
     In addition, regret, heart regret, and confusion of mind arise from two factors: what is done and what is not done. How do things that have been done and things that have not been done cause regret, heart regret, and confusion of mind? "Body evil was done by me, and good deeds were not done by me." He had regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind; evil speeches were done by me...good intentions were not done by me... "killing was by me I did it, and the precept to kill was never done by me.” He felt regret, regret, confusion of mind; he did not give but was done by me... I did the lewdness,... I did the lie... Divorce words were made by me... Crude and bad words were made by me... Miscellaneous words were made by me... Greed was made by me... Malice was made by me... "The wrong view was made by me, but the right view was not made by me. "He has regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind. This is what has been done and what has not been done, and regrets, regrets, and confusion of mind arise.
Or, "I'm not a full-fledged person in quit." He has regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind; "I am not a guardian of the roots."... (omitted) "I am not a person who knows how to eat."... "I am not a sober person."... "I do not have mindfulness and right knowledge."... "Four mindfulness has not been practiced by me."... "Four mindfulness has not been practiced by me."... I have practiced it."..."The five senses have not been practiced by me."..."The five powers have not been practiced by me."..."The seven elements of enlightenment have not been practiced by me."..."The eight branches of the Holy Path have not been practiced by me. "..." "Suffering is not known to me."... "The collection of suffering was not broken by me."... "The Tao was not practiced by me."... "Mieming was not testified by me." He felt regret and heart. Regrets, confusion of intentions. "He should cut off the intention of thinking and regret": "The intention of seeking and thinking and regret should be cut off, cut off, destroyed, cut off, should be cut off, should be driven away, should be ended, should be made to cease to exist "Because he should sever the intention of thinking and regret.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The ones whose eyes are downward and those who don’t wander, those who are devoted to Zen, are more sober,
       After the hands calm downIn order to enter the state of concentration, he should cut off the intention of thinking and regret. "
    208. Those who have thoughts when urged by words should rejoice, he should destroy the barrenness of fellow Brahmans,
       He should express kind words [but] not exceed the limit, he should not intend to dispute the law of people.
"Those who have thoughts when urged by words should rejoice": "He blames," a teacher, or Ari, or someone who is equivalent to a teacher, or a friend, or acquaintance, or a close person, or a companion reprimands: " Xueyou! This is inappropriate for you; this is something you haven't achieved; this is not suitable for you; this is for the benefit of you without precepts." After the thought appears, the urge that he should rejoice, should rejoice, Should be happy, should be rejoiced, should want, should accept, should hope, should pray. For example, a young woman or man who likes to decorate her head has washed her head and gets a green lotus flower ring, a big jasmine flower wreath, and a garland of kind thoughts, which can be received with both hands and worn on the top of the head. [MN.5] He should rejoice, rejoice, should Happy, we should rejoice, we should want, we should accept, we should hope, we should pray.
     "If he points out a treasure, he who sees sin should see him,
       The accuser, the wise, the wise person like that should be close,
       A close person like that can only be better than evil.
       May he teach and admonish, may he protect the despicable,
       He is indeed loved by the good and not loved by the bad. "[Dha. 76-77 verse]
"Those who have thoughts when urged by words should rejoice, and the desolation of the fellow Brahman should be destroyed": ""The same Brahman", the same behavior, the same vow, the same learner. "The desolation of the same Brahman He should destroy", he should destroy the state of the striking heart on the fellow Brahman, and the state of the born barren. There are five kinds of heart barren [MN.16] he should break, and there are three kinds of barren [SN.45.166] he also Should be broken: the barrenness of greed, the barrenness of anger, the barrenness of ignorance should be broken, should be destroyed, should be completely broken." For the barrenness of the same Brahman, he should be destroyed.
"He should express good words [but] not beyond the limit": ""He should speak wisely and wait for words that have benefits and laws. With appropriate timing, reason, and restraint, he should express and should speak "." Because he should express kind words. "[But] do not exceed the limit", "Boundary", there are two kinds of boundaries: the limit of the right time and the limit of the precepts. What is the limit of the right time? Words that the right time has passed He should not say that words that have passed the boundaries should not be said, words that have passed the boundaries should not be said at the right time, words that will come in the future at the right time should not be said, and words that will come in the future should not be said at the right time. He shouldn't say words about timing and boundaries in the future.
    『Who does come in the right time, and he narrates beyond boundaries,
       So he was judged to lie down, like the son of a cuckoo. 』[Jat.4.121]
     This is the boundary of appropriate timing. What are the limits of precepts? He shouldn’t say tainted words, disgusting words, silly words, he shouldn’t say lies, he shouldn’t say divorced words, he shouldn’t say bad words, he shouldn’t say bad things Should be said, should not be told, should not be talked, should not be explained, should not be talked, this is the limit of precepts. "Because he should express kind words [but] not exceed the limit.
"He should not intend to controversial law with people": "The "people" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, lay family, monk, heaven, and person. Controversy, scolding, rebuke, and humiliation against people He should not cause the mind, the intention, or the intention to arise. He who has no praise, is not praised, abstains from bad behavior, or is bad, or sees bad, or loses livelihood." He should not intend to dispute the law of people.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Those who have thoughts when urged by words should rejoice, he should destroy the barrenness of fellow Brahmans,
       He should speak good words [but] for a short time, he should not intend to dispute the law of people. "
    209. Further, there are five kinds of dust in the world, and those who have thoughts for tempering should learn,
       In all colors, sounds, and smells, in all tastes and touches, he should conquer greed.
"Furthermore, there are five kinds of dust in the world": ""Geng", the continuation of sentences; the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "more". Kind of dust", color dust, sound dust, smell dust, taste dust, and touched dust.
     Greed instead of dust is called grime. "Dust" is the same as greed.Meaning,
     Give up the sages behind the dust, they live in the teachings of those who leave the dust.
     瞋 instead of dust is called grime...... (omitted),
    ......, they live in the teachings of those from the dirt.
     idiot instead of dust is called grime... (omitted),
    ......, they live in the teachings of those from the dust.
     "in the world", in the world of suffering, in the world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the world of aggregates, in the world of realms, in the world of being. "To go further, there are five kinds of dirt in the world.
"For those who have thoughts in order to temper them, they should learn": ""For those", for color dust, sound dust, smell dust, smell dust, and touch dust. "Those who have thoughts", think and think. , Remembrance, the state of remembrance, retention, non-floating, non-forgetting state, [mind] root of mind, mind power, mindfulness, mindfulness, and the path of non-divergence, this is called mindfulness. Possess, complete possession He is called a thoughtful person, who walks in, walks in completely, has enough, has enough, and possesses this mindfulness. "Should learn", there are three learnings: increase precept learning, increase mind precept learning, increase wisdom learning. What? It’s Xi Zeng going to precept school... (slightly omitted) This is going to wisdom school. "Those who have thoughts in order to temper should learn": "Those who have thoughts are greedy for those who are lustful, greedy for sound, odor, taste, In order to temper, eliminate, give up, calm down, cut off mind, and stop the greed, he should learn to increase precepts, he should also learn to increase his mind, and he should also learn to increase wisdom. These three learnings should be directed towards (noting) We should learn; we should learn when we know... (omitted) we should learn when we should be testified as evidence, we should practice, we should practice well, and we should turn around after being sustained.” For those who have thoughts for tempering, we should learn.
"He should conquer greed in the colors, sounds and smells, in the tastes and touches": "He should conquer the greed in the colors, sounds, smells, tastes, and touches. , Should be conquered all over, should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should be terminated, should be crushed.” For all colors, sounds and smells, tastes and touches he should conquer greed.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "Furthermore, there are five kinds of dirt in the world, and those who have thoughts for tempering should learn,
       In all colors, sounds, and smells, in all tastes and touches, he should conquer greed. "
    210. In these methods, he should temper his desires: a monk who has thoughts and a free heart,
       deliberate the law in a timely and correct manner, he should kill the darkness when he becomes a single person. [Like this Lord (say)]
     "In these methods he should temper his desires": "In these", in the colors, sounds, smells, tastes, touches. "Desire" means the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the thirst of desire, the love of desire, the taking of desire, the enthusiasm of desire, the fascination of desire, the torrent of desire, The yoke (binding) of desire, the grasping of desire, the cover of desire. "He should temper his desires in these dharmas": "The desires in these dharmas should be tempered, expelled, renounced, expelled, should be terminated, and should be made to cease to exist." He should temper his desires.
     "Bhikkhus with thoughts and free hearts": "Bhikkhus", virtuous monks, or learning monks "Those who have thoughts", all thoughts, random thoughts... (omitted) mindfulness, thoughtfulness, and the way of non-diversion are called thoughts. To have, to have completely... (omitted) This thought is called being thought.
"Bhikkhus with thoughts and kindness in mind": "The mind of the first jhana has been separated, liberated, and liberated from the covers, and the mind of the second jhana has been separated from the pursuits, and the third jhana has entered The mind of the person who has entered the fourth jhana has been liberated from happiness, liberation, and goodness. The mind of the person who has entered the fourth jhana has been liberated from happiness and suffering. The mind of the person who has entered the void and boundless has been thinking about things, thinking about things, and all kinds of things. The mind of the person who wants to escape, liberate, benevolent and liberated, and enter the boundless place of knowledge has thought from the void everywhere...the mind of the person who enters nowhere has thought from the boundless knowledge...enter the heart of the person who does not want to be at Have wanted to escape, liberate, and liberate from nowhere, the mind of the Sudhahuan has been liberated from seeing, suspicious, abstaining, seeing the potential trend of troubles, the potential trend of doubts, and the pollution that continues with it. , Kindness and liberation, the mind of the one who has come has [crude desire and greed knots, disgusting knots,] from the potential tendency of gross desire, greed and troubles, the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution that coexists with, liberation, and liberation, The mind of those who do not return has been separated from the residual desire and greed knots, disgust knots, the remaining potential tendency of desire and greed, the potential trend of disgust, and the pollution that exists with it, freed, freed, freed, and the heart of the Arahant has changed from color and greed. , Colorless greed, slowness, abandonment, ignorance, slow worry potential trends, There is a latent tendency of greed and defilements, a latent tendency of ignorance defilements, and the coexistence of pollution and external separation, liberation, and benevolent liberation. "It is a bhikkhu who has thoughts and a kind heart.
     "He considered the Dharma in a timely and correct manner": "In a timely manner", when the mind is floating, it is the right time for samadah, and when the mind is in the right time, it is the right time for Vipassa.
     "At the right time, he does his best, and he stops at other [times] further,
       He is pleased at the right time, he can concentrate on the heart at the right time,
       He watches at the right time, he is a meditator, a master at the right time.
       When is the right time to do your best? When is the right time to suppress?
       When is the right time for joy? And what is the right time for Samata?
      The right time to calm the mind: how to express it to the meditator?
       Try your best when the heart is retracted, and restrained when it is falling,
       When the heart is out of interest, he should be happy immediately.
       Whenever the heart is already happy, it becomes the one who does not flinch or give up,
       That is the right time for Samata, the intention within oneself should be pleased.
       Whenever one of these methods is used to become enlightened,
       After knowing one's mind and entering concentration, one should immediately watch.
      The wise man becomes the knower at the right time, the knower at the right time, and the acquaintance at the right time.
       should always be distinguished, the state of the heart. "
"Examine the Dhamma timely and correctly": Examine Dhamma correctly: "All actions are impermanent." Examine Dhamma correctly: "All actions are suffering." Examine Dhamma correctly: " All Dharma is selfless."... (Omitted) correctly consider Dharma: "Any collection of Dharma is an extinction."
"Being single-minded, he should kill the darkness. [Like this Blessed One (say)]": ""One-minded", one state of mind, undistracted mind, stable mind, samadhi (stop), concentration, concentration "Strength and Zhengding" are to be single-minded. "He should kill the darkness", the darkness of greed, the darkness of hatred, the darkness of ignorance, the darkness of seeing, the darkness of slowness, the darkness of pollution, the darkness of evil deeds, blindness, no eyes, no wisdom, and wisdom, The annoying companion party, who does not lead to Nirvana, should kill, should kill, should abandon, should be driven away, should end, and should make it cease to exist.
     "World Zun", synonymous with respect. In addition, the "destroyed greedy person" is the world-honored; the "destroyed gangster" is the world-honored; the "destroyed idiot" is the world-honored; the "destroyed slow" is the world-honored; the "destroyed seer" is the world-honored; "The Thorns" is the Blessed One; the "who has destroyed the pollutants" is the Blessed One; the "one who divides, analyzes, and distinguishes the magic weapon" is the Blessed One; "someone who ends" is the Blessed One; "the body has been practiced, the precept has been practiced, the mind has been practiced, Those who have learned wisdom” are the world-zun; or “the world-zun is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): quiet, quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for sitting alone” The Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is a partaker of clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the sick, and medical necessities" as the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the taste of righteousness, the taste of the Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the precept, the mind, and the The wise one is the world deity; or "the world deity is the four kinds of Zen, the four immeasurables, the four colorless ones, etc." is the world deity; or "the world deity is the eighth liberation, the eight victories, the nineth dwelling place, etc. "The one who divides" is the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the practice of ten thoughts, one who waits for ten times, waits for the tenths, the one who enters and exits the mind, and the one who is not pure." is the Blessed One; , The four gods, the five senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment elements, and the eight branches of the holy path" are the world-zun; The "divider" is the world deity. "World Honored One", this name is not given by (made) by mother; not given by father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by Shamon or Brahman What is given; what is not given by heaven is ultimate liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom, that is, the Blessed One. "In order to become dedicated, he should kill the darkness. [Like this Lord (say)]
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "In these dhammas he should temper his desires: a monk who has thoughts and a free heart,
       deliberate the law in a timely and correct manner, he should kill the darkness when he becomes a single person. [Like this Blessed One (say)]"
     The sixteenth explanation of the Sariputra [Completed].
     The description of the sixteen classics in groups of eight is complete.
     The interpretation of the classics has been completed.


Summary:
  1. The ability and virtue to live in a quiet place with no one.
  2. Whenever the mind is cloudy (all unwholesome contrived) should beKnowing it, it should be driven away.
  3. Ignorance/Not as good as reason/I am slow/no shame/no shame/rejection is the root of anger and extreme slowness.
  4. The meditator should stop thinking and regret.
  12/15/2020 16:20
