Honor the Blessed One, the Arahant, the Enlightened One
Small part
  Explain the classics
  1. Eight groups of products (eight groups of products)
    1. Explanation of desire
     1. When he desires, if it succeeds for him,
       It is true that he is deliberately happy: it is inevitable that people who have died get what they want.
     "When he desires desire": "Desire", there are two kinds of desires from the eulogy: the desire for things and the desire for pollution. What are the desires of things? Desirable color, desirable sound, desirable smell, desirable taste, desirable touch, bedding, clothing, maidservants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows, horses, mules, horses, fields, houses, gold, gold coins, villages and towns Capitals, countries, territories, treasuries, warehouses, everything that can be tainted by greed is the desire of things.
In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires, medium desires, superior desires, desires in the suffering world, and human desires. Desire, the desire of heaven, the desire that has been present, the desire that has been created, the desire that has not been created, the desire that has been created by others, the desire that has been possessed, the desire that is not possessed, the desire to be cherished, the desire not to be The cherished desire, all the desires of the world of desires, all the desires of the physical world, all the desires of the non-material world, relying on thirst, taking craving as the subject, so that people want righteousness; so that they will be infected by craving Righteousness; to be intoxicated by righteousness as desires, these are called the desires of things.
    What is the desire for pollution? The desire of desire, the desire of greed, the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire of greed, the desire of intention greed, that is the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the desire of desire, Desire love, desire enthusiasm, desire fascination, desire seizure, desire torrent, desire yoke (binding), desire attachment, desire cover.
     "Seeing those roots of desire, wanting you to be produced by thought (intention),
       I will not think of you, so desire will not exist. "[Jat.8.421]
     These are called the desire for pollution. "When he desires desire": "When he desires, when he wants, when he is used, when he desires, when he desires, when he prays." It is when he desires.
"If it is successful for him": "If it is for him", for that Kshatriya, or Brahman, or Vaisha, or Sudra, or lay family, or monk, or heaven, or person Say. "That", those who are called the desires of things: desirable colors, desirable sounds, desirable smells, desirable tastes, desirable touches. "Success", he achieves, succeeds, gets, receives, Acquire, own." For if it is successful for him.
"It is true that he intends to please": ""It is true", this is the decisive (always) language, the undoubted language, the confident language, the unduly language, the undoubtedly reciting language, the command language, the infallible language [, Words of non-failure], this is the word of certainty, which is "reality". "Happiness" refers to the joy, joy, joy, joy, laughter, laughter, happiness, satisfaction, enthusiasm, and joy of the heart related to the five desires The meaning is full. "Mind", where the mind, mind, mind, heart (dirty), white (purified), mind, mind, mind root, consciousness, consciousness connotation, corresponding to that consciousness, this is called Consciousness. This mind is combined with joy, co-existence, intermingling, corresponding, co-bearing, co-extinction, same place, and same object. "He deliberately pleases", he deliberately pleases; there is joy, laughter, Happy, happy, enthusiastic, happy, joyful." It is true that he is deliberately happy.
"Those who inevitably die get what they want": ""After getting," after getting, after receiving, after obtaining, after possessing. "People who inevitably die" are sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people (men), Individuals (Putjaro), life, those who are born, those who are sentient, those who are in Indra, those who are born of Manu. "The one who wants", whoever wants, whoever accepts, whoever hopes, whoever hopes, whoever prays Color, or sound, or smell, or taste, or touch." After a person who inevitably gets what he wants.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
    "When he desires, if it succeeds for him,
       It is true that he is deliberately happy: it is inevitable that people who have died get what they want. "
    2. If you are the one who desires: to be affectionate for those who have developed desires,
       Those desires decayed, and he was annoyed as if shot through by an arrow.
"If you are the one who desires": "If you are that one," be that Kshatriya, or Brahman, or Vaisha, or Sudra, or lay family, or monk, or heaven, or person. Desire", who desires, accepts, desires, desires, and supplicant in desire, and he is carried away, taken away, carried, and carried by desire and craving, like a cart, a carriage, a cart, a goat Cars, ram carts, camel carts, donkeys and horses carts, take away, transportLoading and handling. In the same way, he is carried, carried, carried, and carried by desire and craving. "For if you are the one who desires.
"Affection for the desire that has arisen": ""Desire", all the desires of desires, the greed of desires, the joy of desires, the thirst of desires, the love of desires, the possession of desires, the enthusiasm of desires, Desire’s infatuation, desire’s torrent, desire’s yoke (binding), desire’s clinging, and desire cover, his desire of desire is aroused, produced, born, born, and appeared. "For sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people (men), individuals (Putjala), life, those who are born, sentient beings, those who have reached Indra, and those born of Manu.” For those who have developed desires .
"Those desires decline": "Or those desires decline, or he declines from all desires. How are those desires decline? When he holds the wealth, the kings take it, or the thieves take it, or the fire burns, or the water flows away , Or taken away by the unlovable heirs, or not found by the hoarded, or destroyed by the wrong career, or caused by the prodigal in the family, where the wealth is scattered, destroyed, or destroyed, it is [this] eight impermanence states , This is the decay, decline, loss, decline, disappearance, brokenness of those desires. How is he declining from all desires? When he retains those wealth, he died, died, and was destroyed, so he declines from those desires, Fading, losing, declining, disappearing, broken.
    『The thieves and kings take it away, the fire burns and destroys,
       and finally left, [leaving] the body and property.
       After the wise one knows this, they should be used and given,
       After giving and receiving as its power, it will go to the heavens without fault. [SN.1.41] "" for those who want to decline.
"He is annoyed as if he is shot through the ground by an arrow": "If he is shot through by an arrow made of iron, or an arrow made of bone, or an arrow made of teeth, or an arrow made of horns, or shot through a wooden arrow, He was annoyed, angered, annoyed, annoyed, and became a sick person and a sorrower. In the same way, the change and variation of the desire of things gave rise to sorrow, sadness, suffering, worry, and despair, and he was shot through by arrows of desire or worry. , He was annoyed, angered, annoyed, annoyed, and became a sick person and a worryer.” Because he was annoyed like an arrow shot through.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "If you are the one who desires: to be affectionate for those who have developed desires,
       Those desires decayed, and he was annoyed as if shot through by an arrow. "
    3. Those who avoid desire all over are like putting their feet to the head of a snake,
       He thoughtfully transcended, the love in this world.
"Anyone who avoids desire": ""What", what is like, such as effort, such as arrangement, such as kind, wherever has arrived, where is Kshatriya, or Brahmin, or Vaisha, or head Dhara, or a person at home, or a monk, or heaven, or person. "Avoid desires" and "desires", there are two kinds of desires: the desire for things and the desire for pollution... (abbreviated) Called the desire of things... (abbreviated) These are called the desires of pollution. "To avoid the desires", to avoid the desires in two ways: from suppressing or severing. How to avoid the desires from suppressing When you see "Taste righteousness with less pleasure, desire is like bones", avoid the desires from suppressing all over; when you see "Taste righteousness with less pleasure, desire like bones"; When you burn righteousness, desire like a grass torch, avoid the desires from townsmanship; when you see "To heat righteousness with great burns, desire like charcoal fire pit", avoid the desires from townsmanship all over; when you see "Temporary uprising, desire like When you are dreaming, avoid the desire from the town; when you see "Temporary righteousness, desire is like a borrowed thing", avoid the desire from the town; when you see "Destruction, destruction of righteousness, desire like a tree" Fubian avoids desire; when you see "guillotine righteousness, desire is like a slaughterhouse", avoid desire from Zhenfubian; when you see "piercing righteousness, desire is like a sword and halberd", avoid desire from Zhenfubian; when When you see "fearing righteousness with fear, desire is like a snake's head", avoid cravings and avoiding craving;
When practising Buddhism meditation, avoid the desires; when practising Dharma meditation... (slightly omitted) When practising sangha meditation... When practising precept meditation... When practising charity and meditation... When practising Tian Sui Nian...When practising incoming and outgoing meditation...When practicing death meditation...When practising body utmost sati...When practising silence and self-satisfaction, avoid desire.
When practising the first jhana, avoid the desires; when practising the second jhana...(slightly) when practising the third jhana...when practising the fourth jhana...when practising the emptiness and waiting until... When you practice knowledge and wait until there is no bounds... When you practice knowing nothing and wait until you... This is to avoid desire from the town.
How does      avoid desire from breaking off? You will fall into suffering when you practice Sudhahuan TaoThe world’s desires are avoided from severance; when practising the Dao, the coarse desires are severed and avoided; when the meditation does not return, the subtle desires are severed and avoided; when practising the Arahant Way, they are completely The aspect completely, without residue, and the whole from severing the desire to avoid. This is to cut off the desire to avoid. "For all those who avoid desire.
"It's like putting your feet to the head of a snake": "The snake (Sappo) is called a snake (ahi). What is the meaning of a snake? "Climbing and walking" is a snake; "Bending and walking" is a meander (snake); "Walking on the chest" is the chest walker (snake); "Walking with the head down" is the ambusher (snake); "Crawling with the head (Cambodia version)" is the crawler (snake) (Sri Lanka version); "Sleeping in the cave" is the cave "Sleeping in the cave" is the cave dweller; "using the tooth as its weapon" is the one who uses the tooth as the weapon; "the poison is terrible" is the highly poisonous one; "its tongue has twofold" The tongue person (snake); "Taste the taste with the second tongue" is the second tongue taster. If you want to live and don't want to die; the man who wants pleasure and hates suffering will avoid, avoid, avoid all over, and downward avoid the snake head with his feet. Yes, the person who wants pleasure and hates the bitter avoids, avoids, avoids everywhere, and avoids desire downwards." It's like putting your feet on the head of a snake.
     "He transcends mindfully, the love in this world": "He", who avoids desires everywhere. Love is called thirst, which is greed, greed (complete greed), acquiescence, conformity, joy, liking, greed, desire, fascination, taking, greed, great greed, dyeing, Sludge, disturbance, hypocrisy, [reincarnation] root cause, [bitter] fertility, tailoring (craving), net, river, bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companion, desire, channel of existence, desire Lin (Forest), Ai Lin (林丛), Intimacy [santhavo?], Love, Anticipation, Relationship, Desire, Aspiration, Aspiration State, Desire for Sex, Desire for Sound, Desire for Smell, Desire for Taste, Touching Desire, desire to obtain, desire of man (desire of wealth-dhanāsā/Ni.2,8), desire of son, desire to live, state of desire, desire, prayer, greed, greed, greed, greedy appearance, Possesses the state of greed, inquiries [profits], wing for good, illegal greed, improper greed, desire, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire for desire, desire for some, desire for nothingness, lust Thirst, colorless thirst, extinct thirst, lust thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst, dharma thirst, torrent, yoke (binding ), binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, covering, binding, along with defilements, potential troubles, entanglement, vines, stinginess, suffering roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering, magic’s net, magic’s hook[ , Demon’s Food], Demon’s Realm [, Demon’s Residence, Demon’s Binding], the river of thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst, craving, greed, and the root of unwholesomeness.
     "Love": What is the meaning of love? The "spread" is for love; the "broad" is for love; the "broad" is for love; "it compels" is for love; "it seizes" is for love; "fraud" is for love; "Poisonous root" is for love; "poisonous fruit" is for love; "poison is used" is for love; or, "The vast craving: in color... sound... smell... taste... touch... Home...people...housing...profit...famous...praise...happiness...clothes...food...sit...the patient's needs and medical necessities...the realm of desire...the realm of color...the realm of colorlessness ...Wish to have...color has...colorless has...want to have...wonder to have...not want to have...one aggregate has...four aggregates have...five aggregates have...past...future ...Now...the enlarged attachments in the dhammas that are seen, heard, felt, and knowable." For love.
     "in the world": in the world of suffering, in the world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the world of aggregates, in the world of realms, in the world of being. "Conscientiously (of)" means being conscientious in four ways: when the practice is on the body and mindfulness, it is on the receiving... (omitted) on the mind... when the practice is on the Dhamma When mindfulness is mindful, it is mindful.
The next one is conscientious in four ways: the state of avoiding non-mind is conscientious, the state of the Dhamma that should be done to the mind is conscientious, the state of the Dhamma that is obstructed by the mind as being conscientious, right The state of mindfulness (phase) is not forgotten.
The next one is mindful in four ways: the state of mindfulness is mindful, the state of mindfulness is mindful, the state of mindfulness is mindful, and the state of mindfulness is not lowered. of.
    The next one is the mindful in four ways: the state of mindfulness is the mindfulness, the silent state is the mindfulness, the calm state is the mindfulness, and the state of the Dharma of Silence is consideredThe mindful; the mindful of the Buddha, the mindful of the Dharma, the mindful of the Sangha, the mindful of the precepts, the mindful of giving and giving, The mind with the sky as the mind; the mind with the breath and the breath, the mind with the death, the mind with the body, the mind with the silence; the general mind, the mind, Remembrance, the state of remembrance, the state of remembrance, the state of not floating, the state of not forgetting, the root of mind, the power of mind, the support of mindfulness, and the path without forks are called mindfulness. Having, being fully possessed, reaching, fully reaching, possessing, being fully possessed, possessing this thought, he is called mindful.
"He transcends thoughtfully, the love in this world": "The love in the world, or the love in the world, he crosses, transcends, passes, crosses, and overcomes thoughtfully." For him thoughtfully Transcendence, love in this world.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anyone who avoids desire is like putting his foot to the head of a snake,
       He thoughtfully transcended, the love in this world. "
     4. Fields, ground or gold, cattle, horses, slaves, servants,
      Women, relatives have various desires, and mortals follow greed.
"Field, land or gold": ""Field" refers to japonica rice field, rice field, mung bean field, broad bean field, barley field, wheat field, and flax field. "Land" refers to residential land, warehouse land, front yard, back yard, Garden land, place of residence. "Gold", gold is called currency." It is field, land or gold.
"Cows, horses, slaves, servants": ""Bulls" are called oxen (Cambodia version). "Horses" are called livestock, etc. "Slaves", there are four kinds of slaves: slaves born in the house, Slaves bought with money, reached (become) slaves themselves, or reached slaves involuntarily.
    『Some of them became slaves [born], bought with money and they became slaves,
       Some of them arrived in the slaves themselves, and were excluded (abandoned) in fear and they became slaves. 』
     "[Servant] people", there are three kinds of [servants]: servants, servants, and dependents (dinner strategists). "For cattle, horses, slaves, and servants."
"Women, relatives have various desires": ""Women" are called the women (wife) they own. "Relatives", there are four kinds of relatives: relatives are relatives, relatives with surnames are relatives, and [同习] Scripture relatives are also relatives , [Tongxiu] Skilled relatives are also relatives. "Various desires" are many desires: these various desires are touched by desirable colors... (abbreviated) desirable." Various desires for women and relatives.
"Mortals follow the greed": ""Who", what kind of like, like effort, like arrangement, like kind, every place that has arrived, every Kshatriya who has Dharma, or Brahmin, or Vaisha, or Sudha Luo, or lay person, or monk, or heaven, or person. "People" are sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals, life, born, sentient, indra, Manu "Follow the greed", with the desire for pollution, he is greedy, greedy, greedy, and bound by the desire of things." It is a mortal who greedy.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "field, ground or gold, cattle, horses, slaves, servants,
      Women, relatives have various desires, and mortals follow greed. "
     5. The powerless conquer him, all dangers crush him,
       then followed him bitterly, like water to a broken ship.
"The powerless conquer him": "The powerless, the weak, the less powerful, the less powerful, the inferior, the despicable, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior intention, the insignificant pollution, those pollution conquer , Conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, crush that person all over." This is the powerless conquer him. Or, "the powerless, weak, low-powered, low-powered, inferior, despicable, inferior, low, inferior intentional, insignificant person: anyone who has no credibility, vitality, mind, or concentration , Huili, ashamed, ashamed, those who conquer, conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, and crush that person by pollution.” This is also the powerless person to conquer him.
     "All dangers crush him": There are two kinds of dangers, the obvious danger and the hidden danger. What are the obvious dangers? Lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves, bison, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, or thieves or gangsters who do bad things or are ready to do bad things, eye diseases, ear diseases, nose diseases, tongue diseases, body diseases, head Diseases, external ear disease, mouth disease, dental disease, cough, wheezing, external nose disease, fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, diarrhea, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, ringworm, scabies , Rheumatoid ringworm, scratches (a type of hysteria), dry and cracked skin, blood biliary disease, diabetes, hemorrhoids, rashes (boils), hemorrhoids (ulcers), diseases caused by gallbladder, diseases caused by phlegm, diseases caused by wind , [Three] setCompatible diseases, diseases caused by changing seasons, diseases caused by improper postures, diseases caused by sudden attacks, diseases caused by karma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst, feces, urine, and fly wind The contact of the sun snake, etc., these are called obvious dangers.
     What are the hidden dangers? Body evil, speech evil, intentional evil, desire cover, malice cover, sleepy cover, demotion and regret cover, doubt cover, greed, aversion, ignorance, anger, resentment, hide evil, bossy, jealousy , Stingy, deceit, cunning, stubbornness, passion, slowness, extreme slowness, stubbornness, letting go, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all anxious heat, all heat, and all unwholesome deeds, these are called hidden Secret danger.
     "Distress", what is the meaning of distress? "Conquer all over" is danger; "guide and retreat" is danger; "live there" is danger. How to "conquer all over" as peril? Those distresses who conquer, conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, and crush that person are "conquer all over" as peril. How is "reduction of guidance" a crisis? Those obstacles and retreats that lead to good dharma in crisis, which good dharma? The correct way, the following way, the way that is not reversed, the way that does not contradict (the way of no contradiction), the way that it means, the way that the law follows the law, all the precepts are perfect, guarding the roots, knowing the right amount of food, specializing in sobriety, and mindfulness Diligently practice with right knowledge, four mindfulness, four diligence, four divine feet, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenments, eight branches of the Holy Path , The obstacles and retreats that lead to these virtuous dharma, this is "guide retreat" as peril.
     How is "inhabiting there" in danger? There, these evil and unwholesome laws arose to be restrained by individuals, such as burrowing animals lying in caves; aquatic animals lying in water; forest animals lying in the forest; arboreal animals lying in trees. In the same way, these evil and unwholesome laws give rise to mutual dependence. This is the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Zun: [SN.35.151]
"Bhikkhus! Bhikkhus with apprentices and masters live in distress and uneasy. And, bhikkhus! How can monks with apprentices and masters live in misery and uneasy? , Give birth to the memories and intentions of the evil and unwholesome laws that follow the knot. "They live in him; the evil and evil laws inhabit and enter (occupy)." Therefore, he is called "have disciples." "They conquer him; Evil and unwholesome laws conquer him." Therefore, he is called "a master".
     Besides, monks! After listening to the sound with the ear...after smelling the smell with the nose...after tasting the smell with the tongue...touching the touch with the body...after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, the memory of those evil and unwholesome Dharma that follow Yujie arises. "They live in him; evil and unwholesome laws live and enter (occupy). Therefore, he was called "a disciple." "They conquer him; evil and unwholesome laws conquer him. Therefore, he is called "You Master". Bhikkhus! In this way, monks with disciples and masters live in misery and restlessness. "This is also the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Zun: [It.88]
"Bhikkhus! There are these three types of internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances? Bhikkhus! Greed is internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances. ；Angry... (omitted) Bhikkhus! Infatuation is the inner scale, the inner non-friend, the inner enemy, the inner killer, and the inner grudge. Bhikkhus! These are the three kinds of inner scale, the inner non-friend, the inner enemy, the inner killer, Those who complain against the enemy.[”]
     "Creed is the cause of no benefit, and greed is the one who shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       The greedy person does not know the benefits, the greedy person cannot see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can conquer with greed.
      瞋 is the cause of no benefit, anger is the one that shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       The angry do not know the benefits, the angry cannot see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: a man who can conquer.
       foolishness is the cause of no benefit, foolishness is the one that shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       fools don’t know the benefits, fools can’t see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can be conquered by idiots. "
     This is also the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Honored: [SN.3.2]
"Majesty! When the three dharmas within a man arise, disadvantages, sufferings, and restlessness arise, which three? My lord! When the greed and desires within a man arise, disadvantages, sufferings, and restlessness arise; lord! When the aggression within the man himself arises... (omitted) King! Be a manWhen the foolishness within the son itself arises, disadvantages, sufferings, and restlessness arise, Lord! When these three methods within the man arise, disadvantage, suffering, and restlessness arise. "
     "Greed, aversion, foolish, disgusting man,
       hurt oneself, like many fruits [damage] its tree heart. "
     This is also the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Zun: [SN.10.3]
     "From here, there are greed and anger, from here unhappiness, happiness, and body hair stand up.
       arises from here and then seeks intentionally, like a little boy letting a crow go. "
     This is also the danger of "living there". "Distresses crush him": "Those distresses conquer, conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, and crush that person." Crush him for all dangers.
"Follow him after suffering": ""After", follow and follow the person from the adversity and become a follower; follow and follow in life and become a follower; follow and follow with the old and become a follower; Follow, follow, become a follower; follow, follow, and become a follower; sorrow, sorrow, despair, follow, follow, become a follower; the suffering of hell... the suffering of the animal world... the suffering of the hungry ghost world , Follow, become a follower; human suffering... is rooted in the suffering of entering the womb... rooted in the suffering of the mother's womb... rooted in the suffering of the mother's womb... the suffering of the bond of birth... the birth will be The suffering placed by others...the suffering that oneself persecutes [asceticism]... the suffering that others persecute follow, follow, and become a follower; suffering to follow, follow, and become a follower; suffering...become suffering...eye diseases, ears Illness, nasal disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough, wheezing, external nasal disease, fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, diarrhea, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor , Ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, ringworm, scabies, wind tinea, scratches (a type of skin disease), dry and cracked skin, blood gall bladder disease, diabetes, hemorrhoids, rash (boils), hemorrhoids (ulcers), gallbladder, etc. , Phlegm and other diseases, wind and other diseases, [three] collective diseases, diseases caused by season changes, diseases caused by improper postures, diseases caused by sudden attacks, diseases caused by karma, Cold, heat, hunger, thirst, dung, urine, the pain of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and the snake... the pain of losing the mother... the suffering of the father... the suffering of the brother... the suffering of the sister... the loss The suffering of children... the suffering of losing a daughter... the suffering of family loss... the suffering of property loss... the suffering of disease loss... the suffering of virtue loss... See the suffering of loss follow, follow, and become a follower." Follow him hard afterwards.
"As water is to a broken ship": "If a broken ship is in the water, from there the water follows, accompanies, and becomes a follower; from the front, the water follows, accompanies, and becomes a follower; from behind... from below... …From the side of the water to follow, follow, and become a follower. In the same way, from the distress, follow, follow the person, become a follower; live with suffering, follow, follow, become a follower... (slightly omitted) see loss ( The suffering of bad opinion follows, accompanies, and becomes a follower." It is like water to a broken ship.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "The powerless conquer him, all dangers crush him,
       then followed him bitterly, like water to a broken ship. "
     6. Therefore people who are always mindful, can avoid all desires,
       can ride through the storm after breaking off those, such as drawing out the ship [in the water] and becoming the one who reaches the other shore.
"Therefore is always a mindful person": "Therefore", "Therefore; the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, when you see this fault on the desires." For the reason. "Man" is Living beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals, lives, those who are born, sentient beings, those who have reached Indra, those born of Manu. "Always", always; everything; all the time; always; eternal time; Constantly; Continuously; Uninterruptedly; Continuously; Water waves rise without intervals; Continuously accompanied and touched; Before noon, noon, first night, midnight, and late night; in the dark moon, bright moon, and rainy season Living in peace, winter, summer; in youth, middle age, and old age. "Mindful" means being mindful in four ways: when practicing mindfulness and mindfulness on the body, it is mindful and on receiving ...In the mind... when practising mindfulness in mindfulness in the Dhamma, it is mindful. The next one is mindful in four ways:... (omitted) he is called mindful." It is a mindful person.
     "Can avoid all desires": "Desire", from the eulogy there are two desires: the desire for things and the desire for pollution. ...... (Omitted) These are called the desires of things. ...... (Omitted) These are called the desire for pollution. "Can avoid all desires", "can avoid all desires in two ways: from suppressing or severing. How can you be able to avoid from suppressingTo avoid desire? When you see "Taste righteousness with less pleasure, desire is like bones", you can avoid craving from the masses; when you see "Taste righteousness with less pleasure, desires are like pieces of flesh", you can avoid craving from calming down; when you see " With burning righteousness, desire is like a torch", you can avoid desire from calming down... (slightly) When you practice non-imaginative places and waiting until you wait, you can avoid desire from calming down. This is to avoid desire from the town. ...... (Omitted) This way, you can avoid desire from breaking off. "In order to avoid all desires.
"Those who can survive the storm": ""Those", after he is omniscient in the desire for things, after abandoning the desire for pollution, after abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing, and making it come to After non-existence; after the desire of desire is covered with abandonment, after abandonment, after exorcism, after the end, and after making it go to non-existence; on the cover of malice... (omitted) on the cover of sleepiness...in Repent and cover it...after the cover of suspicion, after giving up, after giving up, after being driven away, after finishing, after making it non-existent, the storm of desire, some storms, the storm of seeing, the ignorance He can ride through, surpass, pass, surmount, and overcome storms." In order to cut off those, he can ride through storms.
     "If you draw out a ship [in the water] and become a person who reaches the other shore": If a heavy ship with a load is drawn out, emptied, and discharged into a light ship, it can go to the other shore quickly, quickly and easily. In the same way, after he is omniscient in the desire for things, after he has given up on the desire for pollution, after he has given up, after he has given up, after being driven away, after making the end, and making it go beyond existence; the desire for desire is covered...in Cover it maliciously... cover it in deep sleep... cover it with regret... cover it with suspicion, after giving up, after giving up, after driving away, after finishing, after making it go to non-existence, can quickly , Go to the other side quickly and easily. The other side is called immortality, nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed, nirvana, and nirvana. "Can go to the other shore", can reach the other shore; can reach the other shore; can testify to the other shore. "Anyone who has reached the other shore", whoever wants to go to the other shore, he is the one who has reached the other shore; whoever goes to the other shore, he is also the one who has reached the other shore; whoever has reached the other shore, he is also the one who has reached the other shore.
     This was said by the World Zun: [SN.35.238]
"I have crossed to the other shore, and the Brahmin is standing on the high ground." "Monks! "Brahman" is a synonym for an Arahant." He is [to] prove to reach the other shore; Those on the other shore; those who have reached the other shore through practice; those who have reached the other shore by testifying; those who have reached the other shore: those who have reached the other shore by the knowledge of all laws; those who have reached the other shore by the omniscience of all suffering; those who have reached the other shore by abandoning all pollution; The practice of the Four Holy Paths reaches the other shore; the testimony of destruction reaches the other shore; the one who waits until reaching the other shore, he is the free reacher in the holy ring, the highest (paramita) reach; free in the holy determination He is the one who has reached the other side; the one who has reached the other shore, the one who has reached the other shore, the one who has reached the other shore, has reached Those who have reached the ultimate (target); those who have reached the ultimate, those who have reached the end; those who have reached the end, those who have reached the boundary (the ultimate); those who have reached the boundary, those who have reached the terminator; those who have reached the terminator, those who have reached the rescue ; Those who have reached the rescue center, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached no terror; those who have reached no terror, have reached no dead; have reached There is no dead person, the undead person; the person who has reached the undead, the person who has reached Nirvana; the person who has reached the Nirvana, he is the person who has fallen, the person who has practiced, the person who has completed the journey, the person who has reached the direction, the person who has reached the end , Those who have guarded the Brahma, those who have reached the highest view, those who have practised the Tao, those who have renounced pollution, those who have been unshakable, those who have testified to extinction, for him have been omniscient, gathered and renounced, and Tao has been Practice and extinction have testified, those who have been proven to be able to be known, those who have been omniscience can be omniscience, those who have been renounced should be renounced, those who have been practised should be practised, and those who have testified should be testified.
He is the one whose obstacle has been removed, the one whose ditch has been filled, the one whose pillar has been pulled up, the one who has no latch, the one whose holy flag has fallen, the one whose burden has been removed, the one who has separated, the one whose five branches have been cut off, and the one who has six branches. Those who have one guardian and four reliances are those whose truths have been removed, those who seek to have renounced and completely decayed, those who have no turbid intentions, those who have calmed their lives, those who are kind and free, those who are free from wisdom, those who have The highest person, the supreme person, who has achieved the supreme accomplishment, neither composes nor disassembles, does not accumulate and then stands; neither gives up nor clings, but stands after giving up; neither Dispelling (Thailand version) does not accumulate, and staying after dispersing; neither extinguishing nor lighting, staying standing after extinguishing [SN.22.79], is a state of no learning preceptsThe abiding person...the no-learning singularity...the no-learning wisdom...the no-learning liberation aggregator...the inhabitants who have the state of the no-learning liberation of the wisdom perception, the inhabitants who have completed and penetrated the reality Those who have passed the disturbance (craze), those who are standing after the pollution fire is extinguished, those who are no longer coming at all, those who have been [victory] grasped, and those who have been freed from use A person who is compassionate and pure... Compassion... Joy... A person who is peaceful and pure, a person who is pure and pure, a state of non-identity (Ceylon) The dweller in the liberated state, the dweller in the satisfied state, the dweller in the ultimate (boundary), the dweller in the realm ultimate, the dweller in the ultimate place, the ultimate in the place of interest The inhabitants of the above, the inhabitants of the ultimate in rebirth, the inhabitants of the ultimate in rebirth [, the inhabitants of the ultimate in existence, the inhabitants of the ultimate in samsara, the inhabitants of the ultimate in rebirth The dweller, the dweller who is in the ultimate walking, the dweller who has the uppermost in the last], the dweller who gathers in the last (body), the arahant who holds the last body.
     "This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),
       The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. "
     is the one who reaches the other shore after drawing out the boat [中水].
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "So people who are always mindful can avoid all desires all over,
       can ride through the storm after breaking off those, such as drawing out the ship [in the water] and becoming the one who reaches the other shore. "
     The first description of the desire to experience [completed].


Summary:
  1. Desire (people and wealth), desire and loss are like arrows piercing ⇒ To avoid desire is like avoiding a snake: with mind beyond love (visattikā).
  2. When you are greedy, ignorant, and ignorant, you don’t know how to benefit. Terror is born from it, and then suffering follows, like water to a broken ship.
  12/10/2020 15:25
