### 2. Explanation of the Octad on the Cave

7. Stuck in the cave, covered by many (defilements), sunk in foolishness,
That kind of person is far away (from seclusion??), because desires in the world
   are not easy to give up.

"In the cave, covered by many": "It is called "ka", but only those caves can be
said (??). The cave is called the body, "body" or "cave" or "body" or
"accumulation" or "boat" or "cart" or "flag" or "anthill" or "castle" or "nest"
or "hut" or "tumor" or "urn" (or "dragon elephant"), these are bodies, which are
synonyms for "stuck in the cave"; in the cave he is stuck, entangled, suspended,
attached, fixed, obstructed, such as stuck or entangled by a tumor, on a wall
pile or wall hook, suspended, attached, fixed, and obstructed. Similarly, in the
cave he is stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, and obstructed. This is
said by the World Blessed One: [SN.23.2, SN.23.3]

Luo Tuo! All the desires, greed, joy, thirst, love, clinging, attachment,
holding, potential tendency of troubles, clinging there, and strong clinging
there, are called "beings"; Luo Tuo! Where to receive (in the subject??)...
(omitted), Luo Tuo! Anyone thinking about..., Luo Tuo! Wherever you go..., Luo
Tuo! Anyone who has the desire, greed, joy, ..., is called "all beings".
"Sentient beings (stuck)" is a synonym for "adhesion" which means stuck in the
cave. "Covered by many comprehensively", covered by many pollutions, covered by
greed, ...hatred, delusion, anger, resentment, hidden evil, tyranny, jealousy,
stinginess, fraud, cunning, stubbornness, passion, sloth, extreme sloth, torpor,
indulgence; covered by all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all
scorching heat, all irritations, covered by all bad practices, expanded
coverage, upper coverage, obstruction (blocking), enveloping, obstructing,
closing (covering), covering. " Stuck in the cave and covered by many.

"The person who stays has sunk in ignorance": "When people stay, the greedy
person stays because of greed; the angry person stays because of anger; the
foolish person stays because of ignorance; the tied (bonded) person stays
because of conceit (slowness??); the clinging person stays because of seeing;
the person who comes to the chaos (being scattered) stays because of demotion
(??); the person who does not come to the conclusion stays because of doubt; the
person who comes to the fortitude stays because of the potential trend of
troubles, this is the staying person.

This was said by the Lord: "Monks! There are forms that can be recognized by the
eye, that are desirable, lovely, desirable, attractive, accommodating, and
accompanied by greed. If the bhikkhus are happy, welcome, continue (stay) hold
it(??)... Bhikkhus! There is a sound that can be recognized by the ear..., smell
that can be recognized by the nose..., taste that can be recognized by the
tongue..., touch that can be known by the body..., (dhamma) that can be known by
the consciousness, which makes people desire; if the bhikkhu rejoices,
welcomes.... [SN.35.98]" This is also a staying person.

This was said by the Lord: "Monks! When knowing the stand (stay), stand on the
form of climbing, the form of object, the form of standing, and the joyful
sprinkling of it, you can grow and expand. Bhikkhus! ... The feeling that is
climbing..., the thinking that is climbing.... [SN.22.53]" This is also a
staying person.

This was said by the Lord: "Monks! If there is greed, joy, and thirst in
material food, so consciousness establishes and grows; where consciousness
establishes and grows, so there is the birth of name and form; where there is
the birth of name and form, so there are deeds; where there is the growth of the
deeds, so there is the birth of future rebirth; where there is the birth of
future rebirth, so there is future birth, aging, and death; where there are
future birth, aging, and death, Bhikkhus! I say: "There is sadness, sorrow, and
despair." [SN.12.64] "This is also a person who stays.

"Monks! If in touching.... Monks! If on the meaning of food.... Bhikkhus! If
there is greed, joy, and thirst in knowledge and food..., "There is sadness,
sorrow, and despair." [SN.12.64] "This is also a person who stays.

"Sinking in foolishness", foolishness is called the five desires: the form which
can be recognized by the eye, desirable, lovely, agreeable, attractive-looking,
accompanied by desires, and greed for form; sound..., smell..., taste...,
touch.... Why is foolishness called the five desires? Most days, people become
foolish, ignorant, and confused in the five desires, becoming foolish, ignorant,
and confused, using hindered (blocked), enveloped, obstructed, closed, covered,
hidden; for that reason, foolishness is called the five desires. "Sink in the
foolishness," sinking, entering, sneaking into, and falling into the
foolishness. The person who stayed has sunk in foolishness.

"For someone like that, he is really far away": ""Far away", there are three
types of distance: body distance, heart distance, and clinging distance. What is
body distance? Here, monks live close and alone: in the woods, under the trees,
in mountains, caves, cemeteries, forests, open fields, straw piles, living far
away with the body [Living away from the body-Ni.14, 150], he walks alone,
stands alone, sits alone, lies alone, enters the village alone for alms,
returning alone, sitting alone in a quiet place, alone performing prayers,
walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, sustaining, and living alone, is to
be away with the body.

What is the mind (heart) away? The mind of the person who enters the first jhana
has moved away from the covers, the mind of the person who has entered the
second jhana has been separated from the search and service, the heart of the
person who has entered the third jhana has been separated from happiness, the
heart of the person who has entered the fourth jhana has been separated from
happiness and suffering, the mind of the person who has entered the void and
boundlessness has already thought about things, the opposite, and all kinds of
desires to be far away, the heart of the person who has entered the
boundlessness of consciousness has wanted to be far away from the void and
boundlessness, and the mind of the person who has entered nowhere has thought
from the boundlessness of consciousness to stay away, to enter the mind of the
person who has no thoughts, and wants to stay away from nothing. The mind of the
Sudhahuan (stream enterer) person has changed from seeing, suspicious,
forbidden, seeing the potential trend of defilement, the potential trend of
doubt defilement, and the same. The pollution of existence is far away. The
heart of the one who has come has changed from the rough desire and greed knot,
the disgust knot, the latent tendency of the rough desire, greed and trouble,
the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution of the same
existence. The remaining knots of desire and greed, disgust, from the remaining
potential trends of desire, greed, disgust, and the pollution that exist with
them, the Arahant's heart has changed from formless greed, conceit (slowness??),
abandonment, ignorance, and conceit trouble potential, the tendency, the latent
tendency of greed and defilements, the latent tendency of ignorance defilements,
and the pollution that coexists with and the distance from the outside and
everything. This is the distance from the mind.

What is keeping (clinging) away? Relying on (the known??) is called pollution
and various aggregates and various works; relying on distance is called
immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all
dependence, the extinction of craving, greed, extinguishment, and Nibbana. This
is to stay away. The distance of the body belongs to the continuous separation
of the body and the willingness to leave the desire; the distance of the mind
belongs to the purity of the heart and the highest purity; the separation of the
clinging belongs to the unattached person, who comes to the liberation.

"He is indeed far away", where he is stuck in the cave, so covered by so many,
so sunken in foolishness, he is far away from the body; also far away from the
heart; also relying on (??) far away away, very far away, not near; at the place
being pulled away. "Like that kind of person", like that, belong to that
dwelling, that kind, similar to that, the one who has sunk in foolishness. "For
someone like that, he is indeed far away.

"Because it is not easy to give up the desires in the world": "Desire",
there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of
pollution. What are the desires of things? ...(omitted, see previous sections).

What is the desire for pollution? ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Seeing those roots of desire, knowing you to be produced by thought,
I will not think of you, so desire will not exist. "[Jat.8.421]

These are called the desire for pollution. "In the world": ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Because it is really not easy to give up the world of
desire": "Because in the world of desire it is hard to give up, hard to
disconnect, hard to break (conquer), hard to untie, hard to unravel, hard to
release, difficult to escape, difficult to overcome, difficult to take off, and
difficult to pass." It is indeed not easy to give up desires in the world.

8. Being bound by the pleasure of having what they want, they are hard to get
   rid of because there is no freedom from other people,
Looking forward to later or even back to the past, they look forward to these
   desires or those of the past.

"Being bound by the pleasure of having because of wanting": "Want is called
craving, that is greed..., unwholesome roots. "With the cause of wanting", "with
wanting as the cause, wanting as the reason, wanting as the condition, wanting
as  the root cause." By reason of wanting.

"Be bound by the happiness", one kind of happiness: happiness; two kinds of
happiness: happiness and satisfying things; three kinds of happiness: youth,
freedom from disease, and life; four kinds of happiness: gain, fame,
appreciation, and peace (happiness); there are five kinds of happiness:
desirable form, desirable sound, desirable smell, desirable taste, desirable
touch; six kinds: of the eyes, ears, nose,, tongue, body, mind. To be bound by
the pleasure of happiness: bound by the joy of pleasure, bound by the
satisfaction, bound by the youth, bound by the freedom from disease, bound by
the life, bound by the profit, bound by the reputation, to be bound to
admiration, to be bound to comfort; to be tied to the desired form, to sound,
smell, taste, touch; to the eye, ear, nose, tongue, and body; bound, tied
(tightened), attached, fixed, obstructed. "Being bound by the pleasure of having
the reason for wanting."

"They are hard to get rid of because they are not freed by others": "They are
hard to get rid of things with pleasure, or all beings are difficult to relieve.
How is it difficult for them to relieve pleasure in things? Pleasure is
hard to get rid of, satisfying things are hard to get rid of, youth is hard to
get rid of, ...; difficult to break away, difficult to dissolve, difficult to
release, difficult to unlock, difficult to overcome, difficult to pass. In this
way, it is difficult for them to get rid of things with pleasure.

How is it that beings are difficult to relieve here? It is difficult for
sentient beings to get rid of pleasure, for sentient beings to be released from
satisfying things, for sentient beings to be released from youth, ...; it's hard
to pull out, it's hard to pull out completely, it's hard to rise, it's hard to
rise completely, difficult to unlock, difficult to release..., difficult to
pass. Hence 'sentient beings are difficult to relieve'.

"Because they are not free by other people", those who fell into the mud
themselves cannot pull out the others who fell into the mud. This was said by
the Lord: "Chunta! "I am the one who is in the quagmire and will pull out the
others in the quagmire." This is impossible. Chunta! "Oneself is an unregulated,
untrained, and non-Nibbana one, and will make others tune, train, and attain
Nibbana." This is impossible. [MN.8]" One is not freed by other people.

Or, you don't have any other liberators; those who  can be liberated, use their
own power (fortitude), with their own strength, with their own vitality, with
their own efforts (brave), with their own forces, with their own strength, with
their own human power, with their own human vitality, with their own human
efforts, with their own correct way, following the way, the non-opposite way,
according to the right way, and the way according to the Dhamma, they can be
liberated when they practice, This is also 'you are not freed by other people'.

This is also said by the Blessed One: [Ni.22]
"I will not be able to liberate myself: Dudag! Anyone who doubts in the world,
When they know the best way, then they will get through this storm."
This is also because of not being free from other people.

This is also said by the Blessed One: [Dph.12, 165]
"He has done evil, he is polluted,
He who does do not do evil, he comes pure,
Purity and impurity are separate, one cannot make the other pure."
This is also not being freed by other people.

This was also said by the Blessed One: "Similarly, Brahman! Nibbana stays and
stands, which leads to the way of Nibbana stays and stands (??). My persuasion
stays and stands. However, when my disciples are taught and admonished in this
way, some of them reach the ultimate end of Nibbana, and some do not reach,
Brahmin! What can I do here? Brahman! The Tathagata is the guide. [MN.107] The
Buddha only told (directed) the way, and when they practice it by themselves,
they could be free. "This is also 'you are not free from other people'. "It is
difficult for them to get rid of because they are not freed by other people.

"Looking forward to later, or even to the past": "Later is called the future,
and the past is called the past. In addition, after clinging to the past, the
future and the present are behind; after clinging to the future, the past and
the present are in front. How is it to look forward to the past? "I had such a
color (form??) in the past" to find joy there [MN.132]; "I had such feelings in
the past..., I had such thoughts in the past..., I had this kind of behavior in
the past..., I had this kind of knowledge in the past." Looking for joy there,
this is to look forward to the past.

Or, "My eyes were like that, and my (perceived??) forms were like that. "There,
consciousness is bound by desire and greed; when consciousness is bound by
desire and greed, it rejoices; when it is rejoiced, this is also an expectation
of the past. "My ears were like that, and my voice was like that." ..., "my
nose..., smell..."..., "...tongue, ...taste"..., "...body, ...touch"...,
"mind..., dhammas".... "There, consciousness is bound by desire and greed; when
consciousness is bound by desire and greed, it rejoices; when it rejoiced
[MN.133], this is also an expectation from the past.

Or, whoever laughed, talked, and played with women before, he enjoys it, desires
it, and comes to happiness because of it [AN.7.50], which is also looking
forward to the past.

How is it to look forward to later? "I will look like this in the future.
Looking for joy there, "I will have this feeling in the future. ...I will think
so in the future. ...I will do this in the future. ...I will have this knowledge
in the future. Looking for joy there, this is to look forward to later.

Or, "My eyes will be like that in the future, and my forms will be like that.
"Have hope of the unobtained heart, and rejoice in the hope of the heart; when
you rejoice in it, this is the expectation for later. "My ears....".... "Hope of
the unobtained heart ..., this is also the expectation for later.

Or, "I will become the heaven, or one of the heavens, with this virtue,
prohibition, asceticism, and Brahma. " Hope of the unobtained heart.... To look
forward to later or even to the past.

"Waiting for these desires or to the past": ""In these desires", in the present
five desires, wanting, receiving, aspiring, longing, and praying. "Or to the
past, looking eagerly", eagerly looking forward to, begging for, and begging on
the past five desires." To look forward to these desires or to the past.

9. Those who are greedy and enthusiastic in desire are ignorant, and those who
   are stingy are fixed on the wrong,
When suffering results, they weep: Where will we be after we die from here?

"Those who are greedy and passionate in desire are ignorant": ""Desire", "There
are two kinds of desires... Craving is called craving, which is greed.... Greed,
craving, and being tied to the desire of things with the desire of pollution
knot, being fascinated, tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed." Craving in
desire.

"Enthusiasts", whoever seeks, searches, and asks all over the desires, this
character, the more, the heavy, the target, the hardworking, the inclined, and
the overcomer, those who increase, they are passionate ones. Anyone who seeks,
searches, and asks in all forms..., ..sounds..., smells, tastes, touches....
Those who focus on that, those who take that as the object, those who work hard,
those who incline toward them, those who overcome them, those who increase them,
they are also passionate ones. Anyone who gets in the forms because of
thirst..., in the sound..., smell, taste, touch, ...they are also enthusiasts in
desire. Whoever is used in the forms.... For example, critics are keen to
criticize, workers are keen to do work, those who walk on the state (border??)
are keen on the state, and meditators are keen on meditation. In the same way,
whoever seeks..., they are passionate ones. Where in all forms because of
thirst, seeking, searching, begging all over..., ...in sound..., smell, taste,
touch.... Anyone who gets in the forms.... Whosoever is used in the forms...,
they are also enthusiasts in desire.

"Ignorance", most days, people become foolish...(omitted, see previous). Those
who are greedy and passionate about desires are ignorant.

"The stingy are fixed on the wrong": ""The stingy", "they go down" are the
stingy; "the miserly" is also called the stingy; "words and ways of the Buddha's
disciples, teachings, teach them not to care" as a stingy one(??). How is "they
go down" as a stingy? They go to hell; they go to the animal world; they go to
the evil world, this is "they go down" So "they go down" is a stingy person. How
is a "saving person" also called a stingy person? There are five kinds of
stingy: stingy in dwelling, in home, of gain, of praise, of Dhamma, this kind of
stingy (??), stingy appearance, stingy state, greed, miserly, petty, and
heart-tight state are called stingy. In addition, stingy is also stingy (??);
world stingy is also stingy; stingy is also the opinion of stingy, which is
called stingy(??) To be stingy. With this stinginess and intolerance, people
become laissez-faire (relaxed??), so they are called stingy. How is it "not to
care about the words, language, and teachings of Buddha disciples" as stingy?
"The words, ways of speaking, teaching, and admonitions to Buddha disciples,
they don't care, don't want to listen, don't listen to them, don't need to know
the words, don't want to hear, don't need to know them. This is not to care
about the words, ways, teachings, and admonitions of the disciples of the
Buddha." A stingy person.

"They are fixed on the wrong", fixed in the wrong body kamma; fixed in the wrong
language kamma; fixed in the wrong mental kamma; fixed in the wrong killing;
giving and taking are fixed (livelihood??); fixed in unrighteous lewdness; fixed
in unrighteous deceit; in unrighteous divisive language..., vulgar language...,
obscene language, greed, malice, view, deeds, five desires, five covers (five
levels??), deeply fixed, stuck, stopped, entered, stained, turned towards,
attached, obstructed, blocked. "The stingy are fixed on the wrong.

"When there is suffering, they weep." "When there is suffering," it means that
suffering has been reached, the demon has been reached, death has been reached,
and death is close. "They are weeping", they grumble, weep, are sad, tired,
grieve, pound their breasts and cry, and come to confusion." They weep for the
result of suffering.

"Where will we exist after we die from here": "Where will we exist after we die
from here? We will be hell-fallen; we will be beast-fallen; we will be
ghost-fallen; we will be people; we will become gods; we will become formed
ones; we will become formless ones; we will become thinkers; we will become
non-thinkers; we will become non-thinking ones, "do we exist in the future?" Do
we not exist in the future life? What will we be in the future life? What will
our future life be like? What will we be in the future life, and what will
[later] become?" Leap into doubters, leap into skeptics, arise doubts, they
grumble, weep...." Where we will exist after death from here.

10. So here, people should learn, and they should know that anything "wrong" in
    the world,
For that reason one should not do wrong, because wise people say that this life is
   short.

"Therefore people should learn here": ""Therefore", "With that reason, that
cause, that condition cause, when you see this fault in desire." For this
reason. "Should learn", there are three kinds of learning: increasing precept
learning, increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning.

What is to add to precepts? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is
protected by the self-control of the Polo Timucha (??). He has sufficient
righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns
after being upheld in the school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept
aggregates are the foundation of abstinence, the [self] inhibition of behavior,
the entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dhamma, etc., this is to
increase precept learning.

TODO: this section only makes sense if you already know the jhanas, the order of
phrases is all mixed up.
What is to increase mind? Here, the bhikkhu lives in the first jhana of seeking
and serving after he is absent from desires and unwholesome Dhamma, and after
detachment produces joy and happiness, he calms down seeking and serving, with
confidence, and one mind. After entering, he lives in no seeking, the second
jhana of joy and happiness is born without waiting, concentration, which fades
with joy and dwells in peace, has mindfulness and right knowledge, and feels
happiness in the body. After entering, dwelling in, this holy disciple
proclaims: "He is calm and possessed" in the third jhana of "mindfulness and
abiding in the bliss", with the renunciation of pleasure and the renunciation of
suffering, and the extinction of joy and sorrow in the past, after entering,
dwell in the third jhana where there is no suffering or unhappiness in the
fourth jhana, this is to increase the mind.

What is to increase wisdom? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise person, possessing the
wisdom that leads to the arising and passing away; the holy, insight, and the
complete extinction of suffering is [the wisdom], he truthfully knows "This is
suffering. "I know "This is the collection of suffering. "I know "This is
suffering. "I know "This is the path to suffering. "To know the truth: "These
are troubles. "To know the truth: "This is a collection of troubles. "To know
the truth: "This is the elimination of suffering. "To know the truth: "This is
the path leading to suffering. "This is to increase wisdom.

These three studies should be learned when heading towards (noting); learning
when knowing; learning when seeing; learning when introspecting; learning when
establishing (decision) when the heart is established; learning when solving
with faith; you should learn when you are vigorous; you should learn when
mindfulness arises; you should learn when the mind has concentration; you should
learn when you know with wisdom; you should learn when you know what should be
known; when knowledge should be known; we should learn when we should be
renounced; we should learn when we should be practised; we should learn when we
should be testified, we should practice, we should practice well, and we should
learn when we are held to turn up (??).

"Here" belongs to this view; belongs to this like; belongs to this hobby; in
this attachment; in this dhamma; in this teaching; in this Brahma (??); in the
teachings of this master; in this individual; in this human world, that is
called "here." "People", beings, human beings.... "People here should learn.

"You should know everything that is "incorrect" in the world": ""Anything", all
completely, completely in every aspect, with no remaining ground, and the whole
ground. This is the ubiquitous language, which is "anything". "You should know
the "incorrect"", you should know that the improper body kamma is "incorrect";
you should know that the improper language kamma is "incorrect"; you should know
that the improper mental kamma is "incorrect"; you should know the improper
killing is "incorrect"; ..., unjustly not given and taken...; evil...; lie,
divisive words, vulgar language, obscene language, greed, malice, wrong views,
wrong wrong behaviors, five desires, five wrong senses (covers??)...: It should
be known, it should be distinguished, and it should be understood. "In the
world", in the world of the suffering world.... "To know what is "wrong" in the
world.

"One should not do wrong, for that reason": "With the cause of wrong body kamma
one should not do wrong; with the cause of wrong language kamma...; with the
cause of wrong thinking, wrong hope, wrong desire..., one should not do wrong:
should not be practiced, should not be fully practiced, should not be
transferred after holding (held after turning??). " For that reason, one should
not do wrong.

"Because the wise people say that this life is little (less, short)": "Life" is
the survival of life; the turn of life, survival, and action; the guardian
(keeper) of life and the root of life. In addition, life is short due to two
factors: the limited life based on survival, or limited life based on natural
finite life. How is the limited life of existence less? Living in the past heart
moment, [but] not living now, not living in the future; living in the future
heart moment, [but] not living now and not living in the past; living in the
present heart moment now, [but] not living in the past, not living in the
future.

"Life and individual, all (only) happiness and suffering,
Taken with a single heart: it can turn around in an instant.
Where the heavens exist, eighty-four thousand tribulations,
But neither of them, combined to live by two hearts.
Anyone who dies or survives here, the aggregates are destroyed,
have gone, everything is, and the same cannot be restored.
Those who are immediately destroyed, and those who are destroyed in the future,
[And] those who are destroyed in the middle are not unequal in characteristics.
He could not help but was born, he lives now,
With the heart being destroyed, the world becomes dead, and it is the peace of
   the highest interest.
They happen as downward [flowing] and are intended to change,
They turn [such as] the uncut water flow, with six points as an edge.
The destroyed ones come without storage, and there will be no accumulation in
   the future,
And wherever arises, they survive, like mustard seeds at the tip of the cone
   [moment].
To the arising dhammas, destruction is placed in front of them,
The broken dhammas remain, and they do not mix with the previous ones.
They come invisible, they see and leave from destruction,
Like lightning in the sky, they arise and dissipate. "

This is 'the limited life of survival is less'.

How is the limited life of nature less? Life is the dependent of the breath;
life is the dependent of the income; life is the dependent of the intake and
exit; life is the dependent of the [four] species; life is the dependent of the
mass-shaped food (??); life is the dependent of the warmth; life is the
dependent of the consciousness: These are fundamentally weak; the causes of
these are also weak; those who rely on them are also weak; those who use them as
power are also weak; the common foundation of these is also weak; these
connections are also weak; these co-borns are also weak; everything connected
with them is also weak; these are habitually weak to each other; these are not
standing on each other; these are mutually destructive; there is no mutual
shelter, and these don't make each other stand; those who produce are not
discovered (?? "nor is it found in any of the creators"??).

"No one disappears because of anyone else, and these are indeed all destroyed,
these are produced from before, and those who produced them have died before,
the former and the latter have never seen each other. "

This is how natural limited life is less.

In addition, comparing the lives of the four kings, Tiantianshen (??), life is
less for humans, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant,
life is rapid, life is short, life is not a long time, the fate is to live soon,
the thirty-three heavenly gods (??)...(omitted), Yematian (??) gods..., dust-day
gods..., transformed into the happy heaven gods..., he transformed into the
heavenly gods..., compared to the life of the Brahma gods, the life of people is
small, life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is fast,
life is short, life is not long, and life is short-lived.

This was said by the Blessed One:

"Bhikkhus! The life span of human beings is short, and they must come to the
next life. A wise man should be awakened, be kind, and practice brahma. All
living are dead (living without death??), bhikkhus! Those living elders have
(only??) a hundred years or more. "

"The life span of a person is short, and good people should disregard (have
   contempt for) it,
should be alive and burned (should be alive as the head is burned??), [because]
   there is no death that does not come. [SN.4.9]

Day and night pass, life is destroyed,
inevitably the life span of a person who will die is exhausted, like water in a
   small river. "[SN.4.10]

"Because the wise people say that this life is short": "The wise one is the
sage; the wicked (??) one is the sage, and the wisdom is called wisdom, that is
wisdom, understanding, simple selection, investigation, method selection,
identification, discrimination, close observation, erudition, proficiency,
cleverness, contemplation, deep contemplation, examination, comprehensive,
admiration Po Shena (??), Righteous Knowledge, Stabbing Rod (wisdom), Wisdom
Root, Wisdom Sword, Wisdom Hall, Wisdom Guangming (??), Wisdom Brigthness,
Wisdom Light, No Deception, Choosing Dhamma, Right View; regard the state of
wisdom as the wise. In addition, the sage of accumulation, the sage of the
realm, the sage of the place, the sage of dependent origin, the sage of
mindfulness, the sage of diligence, the sage of the gods, the sage of the root,
the sage of strength, the sage of enlightenment, the sage of the Path, the sage
of the Fruit, the sage of Nibbana, those sages say: "For people, life is small,
life is insignificant, life is only a few, life is instant, life is rapid, life
is short, life is not long-term, life is short-lived." They say so, tell so,
talk so, explain so, say so." The wise people say that this life is short.

11. I see the world trembling: this generation comes to craving love among all
    beings,
The inferior people grumble before the mouth of death: those who have not
   separated the thirst in all kinds of existence.

"I see the world trembling": ""I saw", I saw with the naked eye, I saw with the
eye of the heavens, I saw with my eye, I saw with the eyes of the Buddha, I saw
with all eyes, I see, I watch, I meditate, I observe. "In the world": In the
world of suffering....

"Trembling (throbbing)", throbbing with the throbbing of desire; ...of seeing,
...of pollution, effort, fruit, evil deeds, greed, anger, ignorance, conceit,
clinging to seeing, disorganization (scatteredness), doubtful failure, worrying
potential trends; profit, no profit, reputation, no reputation, praise, rebuke,
joy, suffering, life, old age, sickness, death, sadness and despair; suffering
of falling into hell, into the beast world, into the hungry ghost world, human
world; throbbing by suffering of entering the womb, rooted in the womb,
suffering of birth, of living, of others' manipulation, of their own actions,
others' actions; throbbing with suffering, with the sufferings of doing, the
pain of change; throbbing with the suffering of eye disease, ear..., nose,
tongue, body, head... (omitted, see previous sections for list of all
afflictions); throbbing with the suffering of the dead mother... (omitted, see
previous sections)...; throbbing, completely throbbing, expanding throbbing,
trembling, tremoring with the pain of seeing, I saw, I watched, I meditated, I
observed. "I saw the world trembling.

"This generation comes to thirst among all beings": ""Generation (people)" is
synonymous with all beings. "Thirst" is the craving for form, ...sound, smell,
taste, touch, Dhamma. "Come to thirst", comes to thirst; followed by thirst;
approached by thirst; overwhelmed by thirst, conquered, and the heart is
overtaken. "In all beings" is desire, form, and formlessness." This generation
comes to thirst and love in all beings.

"Inferior people complain before death": ""Inferior people", inferior people
"have inferior body kamma" as inferior people; "have inferior language kamma" as
inferior people; "have inferior mental kamma" as inferior people; "inferior in
killing"..., giving and taking... (omitted, see previous sections)..., "have the
inferior desire" as an inferior person, "inferior, low, inferior intent,
insignificant (trivial)" is the inferior person. "To grumble at the mouth of
death", "at the mouth of death" means at the mouth of the demon; at the mouth of
death; reached death; reached the devil; is close to death; has reached the
demon; is close to the demon; has come to death, they grumble, weep, are sad,
tired, grieve, beat their chests and cry, and come to confusion." The inferior
person complained at the mouth of death.

"Indifferent ones who thirst for love in all kinds of existence": "The thirst of
"thirst for love" is the craving of the form..., ...the thirst for Dhamma. There
is again (??); in the kamma of desire to have, in the kamma of material
existence; in the kamma of non-material existence, in the formed existence; in
the kamma of formless existence, there is again and again; in the repeated
interest, in the rebirth, in the birth of the individual, not to leave the
thirst, not to abandon the thirst, not to give up the thirst, not to exclude the
thirst, those who have not yet released their thirst, have not given up their
thirst, have not yet quenched their thirst for love.

12. Look! The trembling person regards things as their own, like a fish in a
    little depleted water,
After seeing this, one should do nothing (not do this thing), not following
   there (in forming attachments to existence).

"Look! People who tremble take things as their own": "I'm clinging", there are
two types of my clinging: of thirsty ego and of seeing. What is the thirsty ego?
All are called boundaries, realms, scopes, borders, ...(omitted, see previous
sections).... This is the attachment of the thirsty ego.

What is holding self by seeing? There are twenty views of the body...(omitted,
see previous sections).... "Look! People who throb (tremble) regard things as
their own": " They throb when they are regarded as their own things, they are
afraid of being robbed, they also throb when they are robbed; they throb when
they doubted and feared changes, and when they changed, they also throbbed,
throbbed strongly, throbbed completely, throbbed broadly, trembling, tremoring,
and trembling greatly when they changed. When throbbing...,  trembling greatly,
please see, please observe, please watch." See! The trembling ones regard things
as their own.

"Like a fish in a little water that is depleted": "If a fish is attacked, picked
up, or eaten by a crow or eagle or crane in a little water, they throb and
forcefully tremble, full throbbing, enlarged throbbing, trembling, strong
trembling. Similarly, people are treated as their own things, they are afraid of
being robbed, ..., shivering, trembling, trembling greatly." Like a fish in a
little water that has been exhausted.

"After seeing this, one should also do no-self": ""This fault: after seeing,
after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying." After seeing this. "Should do no-self", there are two kinds of
self-holdings: .... If you break away from the self-holding of the one who is
thirsty; if you cut off the self-holding of seeing, he does not hold the eyes as
his own, ...the ears..., nose, tongue, body, mind; ...all forms..., sounds,
smells, tastes, touches, dhammas; home, group (of people), housing, profit,
reputation, praise, music (??), clothes, food, shelter, patient's necessities
and medical necessities; desire, form, formless, desire to have, to have form,
to have the formless, wanting to have, not wanting to have; one aggregate, four
aggregates, five aggregates, past, future, present; the dhammas that are seen,
heard, felt, and can be known as his own, he does not hold to, cling, or grasp,
not holding, not practicing, not persisting; he should act, turn, guard, and
survive." After seeing this, one should also do nothing.

"Not being a persistent person in being": "Being in being", being in desire,
being in form, being in formlessness. Attachment is called craving, which is
greed..... "Not being a persistent person in being": "In being — not authoring;
by desire, love, greed, liking, not being born, not being produced, not arising,
not being born ." For those who are not a persistent writer.

13. After tempering desire on both sides, fulling knowing touch without being
    followed by greed,
Not carrying out anything for which he would reprimand (rebuke) himself,
   the wise are not contaminated by what they see and hear.

"After tempering desire on both sides": "side", touch is one side, touch
collection is the second side; the past is one side, the future is the second
side; pleasure is one side, suffering is the second side; (??) called one side,
form is the second side; the six inside is one side, and the six outside is the
second side; there is body as one side, and the body collection is the second
side. "Desire", .... "After tempering the desire on both sides": "The desires on
both sides should be tempered, expelled, cut off, discarded, should end, and
should be made to cease to exist." After tempering desire on both sides.

"After observing touch, there is no greed": ""touch", eye touch, ear touch,
nose..., tongue, body, intention, name, opposite touch (pair of touch??)
[DN.15]; feeling a joyful touch, ...bitter touch, neither bitter nor joyful
touch, good, bad, no memory (??), desire, form, formless, empty (air??),
non-contact, unwilling to touch, world touch, out world touch (trans-world??), past,
future, present, any touch, complete touch; touches like this are called touch.

"After knowing the touch", with three kinds of knowledge after touch: known,
measured, and abandoned. What is known? "Knowing touch: this is eye touch, this
is ear touch..., this is present touch. He knows and sees, this is knowing.

What is measuring knowledge? After knowing this, touch him to measure (??)
impermanence, suffering, sickness, tumor, ..., he made it to be measured,
gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and renunciation are all measures of
knowledge.

What is renunciation? After weighing in this way, the desire to touch, he will
cut off, give up, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence. This was
said by the Blessed One: "Monks! All the desires and greed of contact must be
cut off. In this way, the contact will be cut off, and the roots will be cut
off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and immortal for
the future. [SN.22.25]"This is renunciation. "Observing after touch", with these
three types of knowledge and after touch. "There is no greed", greed is called
craving.... Anyone who is cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to
arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he  is called a craving-free person. He
is not craving in appearance; in sound, smell, taste, touch; at
home...(omitted)..., in the present; in what you see, hear, feel, the dhammas
that can be known are those that are not craving, not bound, not obsessed,
innocent, free from craving, without craving, abandoned craving, and eliminated
craving. Those who have renounced greed, those who have dismissed greed, those
who have abandoned greed, those who have no greed, those who have eliminated
greed, those who have been freed from greed, those who are not hungry,
extinguished, have become cool, feel happy, and live by themselves as Brahman. "
Knowing touch without greed following.

"Whatever he would scold himself for, he does not carry that out": ""Everything"
is nothing (??). "Rebuke himself", rebukes himself for two reasons: what is done
and what is not done. What is rebuking himself for what is done and what is not
done? "The evil behaviors I did, the good behaviors I didn't do." He rebuked
himself; "The evil words..., good words...", ...; evil intentions, good
intentions; killing, abstaining from killing; taking what wasn't given, not
giving; adultery, abstaining from adultery; lying, not forgoing lying; divisive
speech, not abstaining from divisive speech; vulgar words..; slurs
(obscenities)...; greed; evil (harm); the evil view..., not the right view....
He rebukes himself for what was done and not done. Or, "I am not a full-fledged
person in the precepts", he rebuked himself; "I am not a guardian of the
roots"...; "...not a person who knows the right amount to eat..."; not sober,
not a person with mindfulness and right knowledge; satisfaction (??"four
thoughts" — the four jhanas??) was not practiced by me; Sizhengqin
(four...??)has not been practiced by me; the four bases (iddhipada) were not
practiced by me; the five elements have not be studied by me; the five
powers...; seven enlightenment factors; eight holy paths; ...I don't know
suffering...; ...the set (collection) was not cut off by me...; the Path has not
been practiced by me; I have not testified (to "Mie"??).... He rebukes himself
for what has been done and has not been done, and rebukes his own kamma
(behavior) for not carrying out, not producing, not arising, or not being. "Not
carrying out what he would rebuke himself for.

"The wise man is not contaminated by what he sees and hears": ""Adhesion", there
are two kinds of adhesion: .... "The wise man" is the wise man, the enlightened
man, the distinguished man, and the wise man who has given up his craving for
adhesion. After breaking the adhesion of the mind, it will not be contaminated
in what you see; not contaminated in what you smell; not contaminated in what
you feel; not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated,
no longer contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated
closely. He has left, has departed, has been liberated, has been freed from
bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted (dwells
away from the restrained heart??)." The wise man is not contaminated by what he
sees and hears.

14. After knowing (perception), the torrential flow can be crossed, the Muni
    will not be polluted,
Having pulled out the arrow, walking unbridled, he does not desire this world
   and others.

"After knowing and thinking": ""Thinking", wanting, malicious thought, harmful,
absent, innocent, non-harmful, lust, sound, smell, taste, tactile thinking, and
dhamma thinking. Any state of thinking and cognition like this is called
thinking. "After knowing and thinking", there are three kinds of knowing: known,
measuring, and renunciation.

What is knowing? ...(omitted, see previous).

What is measuring? ....

What is renunciation? ....

"Knowing after thinking", after these three kinds of knowing and thinking. "Able
to overcome the storm", the storm of desire, some storms, the storm of seeing,
the storm of ignorance, he can survive, surpass, pass, transcend, and overcome.
"After thinking and knowing, the violent storm can be increased (should be
"overcome"??).

"Muni is not contaminated in possessions": ""Possessions", there are two kinds
of possessions: of thirst and of seeing.... This is thirst possession.... This
is seeing.... "Muni", "Muni is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding...
(omitted), no delusion, Dhamma, right view, possessing Muni wisdom, Muni." There
are three kinds of Muni (perfect virtues): body muni, language muni, and
intention muni.

What is body Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as the
muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the muni position; the
wisdom of the body...; the omniscience of the body...; knowing the path of all
acts...; the desire and greed of the body are cut off...; the fourth jhana of
the body (in and out of breath) extinction is the position of the muni body;
this is the position of the muni body.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds
(words??)...; the four kinds of good acts of language ...; the wisdom of
linguistic objects ....; the omniscience of language ....; knowing of the path
of all acts ...; the abandonment of desire and greed of language ...; the second
jhana of Yuxing (??) [Xunsi (??)] ...; this is the language of muni.

What is intention muni? Cutting off the three kinds of deeds of intention and
evil deeds...; the three kinds of good deeds ...; the wisdom in the mind-object
...; the knowing of the heart ...; the one that works with Path knowledge ...;
the desire and greed of the heart are disconnected ...; the desire to extinguish
the mind ...; This is the position of muni.

"Body Muni, language Muni, and intention Muni are no troubles,
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.
Body Muni, language Muni, and intention Muni are no troubles,
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been
   cleansed of evil."

The six types of Muni have these three modes of muni: "Muni at home, Muni
without home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni, Muni [of
the] Muni. "Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footsteps (path??)
and have learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those
monks who have seen the footsteps and who have learned the precepts are homeless
Muni. There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for
non-learning Muni, and Bhikkhu Buddha as Bhikkhu Muni. Muni [of] Muni is called
Tathagata, Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-Muna (silence) is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.
avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,
Everyone who understands the [inner and outer sum] in the world, because that is
  said to be Muni.
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world, the unwholesome and the good
  behind the Dhamma,
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man, beyond staining (and
  the net, he is Muni."

"Adhesion", there are two kinds of adhesion: .... After Muni broke off the
adhesion of thirst, and after breaking the adhesion of seeing, he will not be
contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated in everything,
no longer contaminated , no longer contaminated strongly, and no longer
contaminated closely. He has left, has departed, has been freed, has been
separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of freedom and restriction.
"Muni is not contaminated in possessions.

"Anyone who has pulled out the stabbing arrow and does not let go": ""Stabbing
arrow", "There are seven stabbing arrows: greed stabbing arrow, anger stabbing
arrow, crazy (ignorance??) stabbing arrow, slow stabbing arrow, seeing stabbing
arrow, sad stabbing arrow, doubtful stabbing arrows. For him for whom these
piercing arrows are cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and
burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who has pulled out the
piercing arrow. Those who have pulled out the arrow, have removed the arrow,
have completely removed the arrow, have abandoned the arrow, have been freed
from the arrow, have dropped the arrow, the one who has stopped thinking about
the arrow stabbing, the person who is not hungry, the person who has cooled
down, the person who has become cool, the person who feels happiness, and the
person who lives with himself as the brahman." This the person who has pulled
the arrow.

"Walker", when walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding, making survival
(existence). "Those who do not let go (relax)" are respectful authors, regular
authors, non-stop authors, those who are not adhered to, those who do not
neglect their desires, and those who do not neglect responsibilities in the good
Dhamma; "Can the completed vows (confinement??) or the completed vows (??) be
funded everywhere with wisdom?" He who has (right) intentions, diligence,
courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, righteous knowledge, enthusiasm,
establishment, practice, and not letting go in good dhamma; "how can I complete
the unfinished concentration, or can the completed Dhamma be funded everywhere
with wisdom?"...(omitted); How can I complete the unfinished wisdom
accumulation..., the liberation accumulation..., how can I complete the
unfinished liberating wisdom perception aggregate.... "He who has (right)
intentions, diligence....; "How can I know the unknown suffering, or let go of
the pollution that hasn't been let go, or can practice the way I haven't
practiced, or can you testify before I die? "He who has the will (right
intention), diligence, ..., practice, and perseverance in good Dhamma." A walker
who has pulled out the stabbing arrow and does not let go (relax).

"To not want this world and other(s)": "He does not want this world: his own
state, he does not want other worlds: the state of other people. He does not
want this world: his own body, feeling, thought, behavior, knowledge, and does
not want other worlds: other people's body.... Does not want this world: the six
inner worlds, and no worlds: the six outer worlds. Do not desire this world: the
human world, do not desire other worlds: the heavenly world. Does not want this
world: the world of desire, materiality, and other worlds: the world of
formlessness (non-materiality). Does not want this world: the world of desire,
the world of physicality, and don't want other worlds: the world of formlessness
(duplicate — is this a mistake in the translation??). The second place of
interest (??), or death, or rebirth, contingent (existence), or reincarnation,
or rebirth, he does not hope, want, accept, or pray." He does not want this
world and others.
