### 5. Explanation of the Highest (Supreme??) Octad

31. Those who stay in the "highest" (view), those who are higher in the world,
From there, he says that all others are "inferior", so he cannot overcome
    dispute.

"Those who stay in the "highest" view": "Some Samana and Brahmins are of evil
views. They take one of the sixty-two evil views as: "This is the highest, the
first, the most victorious, the superior, the top." After grasping, holding,
picking up, clinging, taking, they live, live in, stay in, such as living in the
family's home, or the guilty person living in sin, or the polluted living in the
pollution. Similarly, some Samana and Brahmins are of evil views, and they use
one of the sixty-two evil views, seen as: "This is the highest...." After
grasping..., and say in each view" This means staying at the "highest" view.

"Whoever is higher in the world": ""Yada" is all (yaṃ) ??. "Kurute is higher
(??)", to be the higher (karoti), the first and the most triumphant, superior,
supreme, the winner, the top. "This master is all wise (the all-wise man??)
men." He is the superior, the first, the highest, and the most top; this Dhamma
is said by the good..., ...(omitted, see previous sections). He is the
superior..., he makes it arise. "Man" is all beings, .... "In the world", ...."
Those who are higher in the world.

"From there he said that all other people are "inferior"": "Except for his own
master, the narration of the Dhamma, the group, the view, the path, the way, he
abandons, uproots, and surrounds all dissent: "That master is not the wise, the
Dhamma is not said to be good, ...(omitted, see previous sections)...,
insignificant.". Says so, speaks so, talks so, explains so." He says that all
others are "inferior".

"Therefore arguing (dispute) cannot be overcome": "'Therefore," ....
"Arguments", quarrels, disputes, arguments, and disagreements (of the view??).
"Not to be overcome", not to be traversed, not to be crossed, not to be
overcome." For that reason, the argument is not overcome.

32. Anyone who sees benefits in himself, in what he sees, hears, in precepts and
    prohibitions, or feels,
After holding it tightly there, he looks at everything else as despicable.

"Anyone who sees benefits in himself is in what he sees, hears, in precepts and
prohibitions, or what he feels": ""What + is on himself (??)"... (omitted, see
previous sections).... He saw the two benefits of his own vision..., he saw the
two benefits of the purity of what he saw..., he saw the two benefits of the
purity of what he heard..., he saw the two benefits of the purity of the
precepts..., he saw the two benefits of the purity of prohibition..., he saw two
benefits of purity: the benefits of the present life and the benefits of the
afterlife. What is the immediate benefit of perceived purity? Whatever the
master sees, the disciples also have... (omitted). What is the benefit of the
perceived purity of the afterlife? This seeing is enough to become the state of
the dragon (Dragon Realm)... (omitted). He sees, stares at, contemplates, and
observes the two benefits of perceived purity." Those who see benefits in
themselves, in what they see, hear, precepts and prohibitions, or feel.

"After holding tightly to that there": ""Just that" is the evil view. "There",
in their own views, in their likes, in their hobbies, in their opinions "After
holding tightly", "This is the highest, the first..." After he holds, grasps,
picks up, clings to it." After he held it tightly there.

"To look at everything else as despicable": "He thinks, sees, gazes,
contemplates, observes other masters, (as) the narration of the Dhamma, the
group, the view, the way, the Path is inferior, despicable, low, trivial,
inferior intent, insignificant." To see everything else as despicable.

33. Skilled people say that it is a bond: those who depend on others and those
    who look at others as bad,
Therefore, Bhikkhus should not be attached to what they see or hear or feel.

"Skillful ones say that it is a bond": "'Skillful ones," ..., those clever ones
say: "This is the bond, this is adhesion, this is bondage, and this is an
obstacle." They say so, ...." The skillful people say that is a bond.

"Those who are dependent and those who look at others are inferior": ""Whoever
is dependent", on the master, the narration of the Dhamma.... "Look at others as
inferior." He thinks, sees..., other masters, the narration of Dhamma...,
insignificant." Those who rely on and look at others as inferior.

"Therefore, the Bhikkhu should not adhere to what he sees or hears or feels. The
monk should not adhere to the precepts and prohibitions." "Therefore", ..., for
that cause he should not adhere to, should not hold, there should be no clinging
to what you see, or what you hear, or what you feel, or the precepts, or the
prohibitions." The monk should not adhere to what is seen, heard, felt,
precepts, or prohibitions.

23. It (a view) should not be built in the world, by wisdom or precept and
    prohibition,
One should not lead oneself to be "equal", nor considered inferior or superior.

"It should not be built in the world, by wisdom or precept and prohibition": "It
should not be built with eight levels of wisdom, or five divine powers, or evil
wisdom, or precept, or prohibition, or precept and prohibition; not to build,
make it produced,  make it arise, make it appear. "In the world", ...." In the
world, it should not be built, by wisdom or restraint.

"You should not guide yourself to be "equal"": "You should not be guided, by
birth, or surname, or good family, or beauty as a lotus, or property, or
research (acquisition), or career, or skill, or clear (??) (academic), or by the
word, or argument, or use something to lead oneself as "I am equal"." One should
not lead oneself as "and equal of".

"Nor should be considered inferior or superior": "You should not be guided, by
birth, ...(omitted)..., as "I am an inferior." You should not be guided..., as
"I am superior." To not be considered inferior or superior.

35. After he has given up what he has gained, becoming a non-taking person, he
    does not rely on wisdom,
He is indeed not a member of the divided group, and he does not return to
    anything (view).

"Destroy what has been gained and become the person without taking": ""Giving up
of what has been gained" refers to the abandonment of my (of me??) after seeing;
"Giving up of what has been gained" refers to the abandonment of ego; "Because
of thirsting, seeing, grasping, holding, clinging, taking, and believing, after
he has given up, after he has discarded, after being driven away, after the end,
and after he has made it go to non-existence", is the result of discarding what
has been obtained. "The one who does not take (the author??)", from the four
types of writing (??) to the one who does not take the author (??), the one who
does not hold, the one who does not cling, the one who does not persist. To give
up what has been obtained and become a person without taking.

"He also does not rely on wisdom": "He does not use eight levels to achieve
wisdom, or use the five gods to power wisdom, or use evil wisdom to establish,
produce, make to arise, and give birth to the dependence of thirst for love or
relying on seeing." He doesn't rely on wisdom either.

"He really is not a member of the divided group": "He really is not in the
divided, broken, falling into two (contradictory), arising two (doubts),
different opinions, different likes, different hobbies, different claims,
dependents of different opinions, those who should not behave if they desire
(??), those who shouldn't behave if they want, those who shouldn't behave in
abusive ways, those who shouldn't behave in foolish ways, and those who should
not be afraid, among those who do not follow desires, those who do not want to
behave, those who are not abusive, those who are not foolish, those who do not
follow terror, they should not behave because of greed, and those who are not
abusive, don't walk because of ignorance, don't walk because of conceit, don't
walk because of seeing, don't walk away because of seeing, don't walk because of
suspicion, don't walk because of potential troubles, and don't be driven or
guided by discord and legality (??), carried, conquered." He is indeed not a
member of the divided group.

"He does not return to any view": "For him, the sixty-two evil views have been
cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable to arise, burned by the fire of
wisdom, and he will not return, nor return to any bad views." He does not return
to any view.

36. There is no vow on either sides for him here: for all kinds of existence, here
    or in other world,
For him, any existence does not exist, which is held tightly after being selected
    among Dhammas.

"There is no vow on both sides for him": "For him", for the Arahant; for the one
who has exhausted his troubles. "Side", touch is one side...(omitted, see
previous sections). Vows are called cravings, which are the roots of greed....

"For all kinds of existence": all kinds of existence, .... "Here": one's own
individual, "in the other world": other individuals; "here": one's own body and
perception, "in other world": other body and perception; "here": six inner
places, "in the other world": the six outer places; "here": the human world, "in
the other world": the heavenly world; "here": the desire world, "in the other
world": the physical world, the non-material world; here": the desire realm,
material Realm, "in the other world": formless realm." Any vows on both sides
for him are not here: for all kinds of existence, here or in another world":
"Any vows for him on both sides, for all kinds of existence, here or in other
worlds, cravings, they don't exist, are not known, not discovered, they have
been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the
fire of wisdom." No vows on both sides for him, for all kinds of existence, here
or in other worlds.

"For him, any dwelling (existence) does not exist": "Dwelling", there are two
kinds of dwelling: the dwelling of thirsting and the dwelling of seeing.... "For
him", .... "For him any dwelling does not exist": "For him, any dwelling does
not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed
down, stopped, cannot arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, any
dwelling does not exist.

"After being selected in the Dhamma, it is held tightly": ""In the Dhamma", in
the sixty-two evil views. "After selection", ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "To be grasped", ..., they are not, do not exist, are not known, are
not discovered, have been cut off...." To hold tightly after a decision in the
Dhamma.

37. For him, there are no (not even) fine-grained thoughts on what he sees,
    hears, and feels.
That Brahmin who doesn't pick up (cling to) his sight (views), who can classify
    [him] in this world?

"For him, there are no fine-grained (detailed, subtle) thoughts on what he has
seen, heard, or felt." "'For him', for the Arahant.... He said that in what he
sees, what he sees is pure, or what he hears, what he hears (is pure), or what
he feels, what he feels is pure; he wants to be the leading situation, the
situation of increase (saññādhipateyyatā/sañādhipateyatā — PTS ??), wants to
dispute, wanted to be generated, fully generated, built, conceived, promising,
contrived, and made to live together (????) to see that he is not, does not
exist, is not known, is not discovered, and has been cut off, ...." For him,
there is no detailed conscientious view in what he sees, hears, and feels.

"The Brahman, who does not pick up his sight (cling to views)": "Brahmin", ....
"The Brahman does not pick up the views": "The Brahman does not pick up the
view, does not hold, does not grasp, and does not cling to." The Brahman who
does not pick up the view.

"Who can classify [him] in this world": ""Classification", ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "In the world", .... "Who can classify [him] in this world.

38. They don't construct (views), pay no attention (have no preference for
    views), and for them the dhammas are not accepted,
Brahmins will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions; those who have reached
    the other shore like that will not return.

"They do not construct and pay no attention": ""Construction" has two kinds of
constructions: .... What is the construction of craving? .... All the 108 thirst
thoughts [AN.4.199], this is the construction of craving.

What is the construction of seeing? .... All come to the reach of the sixty-two
evil views. This is the construction of seeing. "For them, the construction of
thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, ..., they
do not construct, or produce, or arise, or give birth to the construction of or
view. " They do not construct.

"No attention" and "valuation", there are two kinds of attention: .... For them,
the value of thirst has been cut off, the value of seeing has been cut off,
...." They do not construct or value.

"For them, the dhammas are not accepted": "The dhammas are called sixty-two evil
views. "For them", for those who are Arahants.... "Not accepted", " The world is
constant, this is real, and everything else is empty." Not accepted; the world
is very constant... (omitted, see previous sections)." Not to be received." For
them, the dhammas are not received either.

"Brahmins will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions": ...(omitted, see
previous).

"Those who have reached the other shore like that do not return": "The other
shore is called Nibbāna, immortality, ...(omitted, see previous)."

"Non-return", "Any pollution that is cut off by Sutohuan (first??) Path, those
pollutions he no longer experiences, does not return to, and does not return;
...by Yilai Path (second??), ...; ...by the non-returning Path...; ...by the
Arahant Path...." Those who reach the other side do not return. "Those who are
like that", the Arahants are those who are like that in five aspects: those who
are satisfied or unsatisfied as those who are like that; those who have been
abandoned are those who are like that; "the passing" is the one who is like
that; the "liberated one" is the one who is like that; the one described as
being like that.

How is an Arahant like that in terms of satisfaction or dissatisfaction?
Arahants are like that when they get (something), they are like that when they
don't, also like that in reputation, ...in no reputation (disrepute), in praise,
in reprimand, in pleasure, in suffering.... Some people use spice on their
wrists, and some people use axes to work (??): they have no greed in like that;
they have no disgust in like that, and they have given up and cut off greed.
Disgust, victory and defeat have been overcome, obedience and opposition have
been surpassed, so that the Arahant is like that in terms of satisfaction or
dissatisfaction.

How is an Arahant "abandoned" as such? The greed of the Arahant has been
abandoned, spit out, released, dismissed, and cut off; ...anger...,
...ignorance..., (omitted, see previous); abandoned, spit out, released,
renounced, discontinued, and so the Arahant's "abandoned" is like that.

How is an Arahant "a person who has passed through" as such? "The violent
currents of Arahant desire have been passed; some violent currents have been
passed; the violent currents seen have been passed; the ignorant violent
currents have been passed; all circuits have been passed, have come out, have
crossed, have passed,  has overcome, he is the one who has descended, the one
who has practiced [, the one who has completed the journey, the one who has
reached the direction], the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth." This
is how the Arahant "has passed" is such.

How is the Arahant "liberated" as such? The heart of the Arahant has been freed
from greed, freed, and benevolent; the heart has been freed from anger, freed,
and benevolent; ...delusion..., (omitted)...; the mind is freed, freed, freed
from all unwholesome deeds, freed, benevolent, so the Arahant's "liberated" is
like that.

How is an Arahant described as being like that? The Arahant "the one who has the
precepts in the precepts" is described as the one who is like that; the
"believers in the faith" ...; the one who is vigorous in the vitality ...; the
person who is mindful in mind ...; the person who is in concentration on
concentration ...; the person who is wise in wisdom ...; "There are three minds"
...; "six magical powers in terms of magical powers (??)"..., and this is the
Arahant described as being like that. "Those who have reached the other shore
like that will not return.
