### 6. Explanation of the Old (Age) Scripture

39. This life is indeed small, perhaps less than a hundred years before death,
If anyone lives more, he will (still) die of old age.

"This life is indeed small": ""Life" is life, ...(omitted, see previous
sections). In addition, life is short due to two factors: ...(omitted, see
previous sections). How are there few finite lives based on existence? .... How
is the limited life of nature less? ....

"Perhaps less than a hundred years before death": "Dying, died, dead, and being
destroyed when it freezes (??) [SN.10.1],  ...while in a cell, ...when it's a
peace of meat, ...when the flesh is firm, in the limbs, newborn also, in the
delivery room, half-month old, month old, two-month, three months, four months,
five months, six months, seven months, eight months, nine months, ten months,
one year, two years, three years, fur years, five years, six years, seven years,
eight years, nine years, ten years, twenty years, thirty years, forty years,
fifty years, sixty years, seventy years, eighty years, ninety years, of dying,
death, extinction, and destruction." We might die in less than a hundred years."

"Whoever lives more than one hundred years": "Whoever lives beyond a hundred
years, he lives one year, or two years, or three years, ..., or forty years."
For those who live beyond. "At that time he will de of old age": when he is
getting old, aged, elderly, declining, with broken teeth, with gray hair, bald,
wrinkled, limbs invaded by spots, crooked, bent, and relied on crutches, died,
extincted, vanished, and was destroyed by aging, and he did not escape from
death.

"For ripe fruits, there is a terror of falling in the early morning,
For people who are already alive and inevitably die like this,
    there is often the horror of death.
Like the pottery made by a potter,
Everything will eventually be destroyed,
    and the lives of people who are dead (will die) [also] are like this.
The young and the old, the fool and the wise,
All go to the power of death,
    everything in the interest of (belonging to) death.
For those who are defeated by death, those who walk from here to the afterlife,
The father cannot shelter his son, or relatives relatives.
Even those who watch relatives, those who scream,
people who are unable to avoid dying, such as a cow to be killed is guided.
The world is like this, tortured by death and old age,
[So the wise are not sad,
    after knowing the truth and interest of the world. Sn.3.8, verses 581-586]'

At that time he will die of old age.

40. People are sad when they regard (things) as their own, because there are no
    permanent possessions,
After seeing that there is parting here, one should not live at home (as a
    layperson).

"People are sad when (things) are regarded as their own": ""People",
...(omitted, see previous sections). There are two types of "self-holding":
...(omitted, see previous sections). They are sad when they fear the things they
regard as their own will be robbed, they are also sad when they are robbed, they
are also sad when they have been robbed; they are said when things they regard
as their own are (feared to be) changed, they are also sad when they are
changed, they are also said when they have been changed; sad, tired, weeping,
pounding their chests and crying, coming to chaos." Sadness for people treating
(things) as themselves (their own).

"Because there are no permanent possessions": "There are two kinds of
possessions: .... All things that you thirst for are impermanent, active, and
born of conditions. They are the dhamma of destruction, dissolution, fading,
extinction, and change. All things that you see are also impermanent...
(omitted). This is said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! Have you seen that all
things are constant, strong, eternal, unchangeable, as everlasting as
everlasting?" "No, Lord!" "Monks! Good! Monks! Nor have I seen (that things are)
the constant, solid, eternal, unchangeable, and everlasting as everlasting.
[MN.22] "Permanent, solid, eternal, unchanging possessions, they do not, do not
exist, are not known, and cannot be obtained." Everything is not permanent.

"Here is parting": "Separation, parting, dissociation exists, is known, is got
(??). This was said by the Lord: "Enough, Ananda! Don't be sad, don't cry,
Ananda! Didn't I say this before? Separation, parting, and dissociation from all
that you love and find agreeable. Ananda! Here, how can it be obtained:
"Anything that is born, exists, does something, or corrupts, must not be
destroyed." This is impossible! [DN.16] "It belongs to the former aggregates,
realms, and changeability and mutation; the subsequent aggregates, realms, and
turns (??)." There is parting here.

"You should not live at home after seeing it like this": "'Like this', ....
"After seeing, after having seen, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying, like this, in my attachment." After seeing like
this. "Should not live at home", after cutting off all obstacles of the home,
after cutting off the obstacles of children and wives, .... Afterwards, you
should walk alone, live, act, turn around, guard, and survive, after you start
to become a state of nothing." You should not live at home after seeing it like
this.

41. That of which mortals think "this is mine" is also abandoned by death,
After the wise know this, the believer should not bend towards clinging.

"That was also abandoned by death": "Death", all living beings, due to death,
destruction, disintegration, disappearance, demise, end of life, the
disintegration of various aggregates, the abandonment of the corpse, and the
root of life being cut off among all living beings. "That", things like form,
feelings, thinking, behaviors, and consciousness. "Abandoned", abandoned,
disappeared, left, annihilated, destroyed. This is also said: [Jat.5.1,2-3]

"Just before all the wealth abandon the people who inevitably die, and then
    those who inevitably die abandon those,
The property of the desire-seeker is very constant, so I am not sad when I am
    sad.
The moon increases, fills, and disappears, and the sun moves into extinction
    (Thailand version),
The enemy's worldly law has been known to me, so I am not sad when I am sad. "

TODO: check this against Jat., it's hard to understand from the translation. Alt:
"Even those who have forsaken their possessions before, and they that die after
    that, forsake them,
The wealth of those who desire is very constant, so I do not grieve in the time
    of grief.
The moon increases, fills, disappears, the sun moves into extinction (Thailand
    Version),
I know the law of the enemy in the world, so I do not grieve when I grieve."

This also is abandoning by death. "Mortals think that "this is mine"": ""This,"
things like forms, feeling, thinking, behavior, and consciousness. "People" are
names, titles, common names, (surnames??), appellations, words, phrases, and
names. "Think "This is mine"", from the thirst of love he thinks; from seeing he
thinks; from slowness he thinks; from pollution he thinks; from evil deeds he
thinks; from effort (to increase) he thinks; from retribution he thinks.
"Ordinary people think "this is mine."

"The wise man knows this": "This, after he knows, understands, weighs, judges,
separates, and clarifies. The wise, ..., know this." The wise know this.

"Believers should not bend to grasping (me/mine)": "My grasping", there are two
types of self grasping: .... "Believers", believers in the Buddha, believers in
the Dhamma, believers in the Sangha, he regards the Buddha as his own, and that
person clings to the world deity. This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus!
Those bhikkhus who are deceitful, stupid, talkative, hypocritical, arrogant,
uncertain, to me are not my [faithful] bhikkhus, bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus who
have not obeyed this law and law, they do not come to grow or expand in this law
and this law (??). But, Bhikkhus! Those monks who are not deceitful, not
talkative, strong, not rigid, well-determined, to me are me [] bhikkhus,
bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus did not leave this law and law (??), they came to grow
and expand in this law and law (??)."

"Cunning, stubborn, false, hypocrisy, conceited, uncertain,
They don't grow in the Dhamma taught by the Enlightened One,
Those who are not deceitful, talkative, sturdy, not rigid, good-natured,
They grow in the Dhamma taught by the Enlightened One." [AN.4.26]

"The believer should not bend toward what he is clinging to": "Believers should
not bend to the obsession of the self who is thirsty, and the obsession of the
self that he sees, he should not bend, should not bend downwards, not lean
towards, not tilt toward that, the one who is inclined to the other (??), the
one who is not that aspirant, and the one who is not that increases (??). Those
who are believers should not bend toward self-holding.

42. As one who wakes up cannot see the affairs (meetings??) of dreams,
Like this, people can not see the loved ones who are deceased and dead.

"As the affairs one meets in a dream": "The meeting (union??), which is
gathered, set, which is assembled." As meeting by dream. "Waking up, people
cannot see": "For example, people who come to a dream and see the moon, see the
sun, see the sea, see the king of Mount Xumi (Sumeru??), see the elephant, see
the horse, see the carriage, see the infantry, see the army formation, see
pleasant pardens, pleasant forests... (omitted), delightful land..., seeing the
pleasant lotus pond, the awake person can see nothing." The waking person cannot
see.

"A person loved like this": ""Like this" is a figurative arrangement. A "loved
person" is a cherished person: mother, or father, or brother, or sister, or son,
or daughter, or friend, or colleagues, or relatives, or people of blood."
Someone loved like this.

"The deceased and the dead, he cannot see": "The deceased is called the
deceased, and the dead he cannot see, get, can't find, or get it." He can't see
the dead.

43. Those people were seen and heard, and were said by the name (called by their
    name),
For the deceased, only the name can be said.

"Those people are seen and heard": ""Seen", all eyes and consciousness are born.
"Heard", all ears and consciousness are born. "Those people", Kshatriya,
Brahman...(omitted)." Those people are seen and heard.

"Where the name is said to them": ""Where to them", to Kshatriya, to Brahmin,
..., for the heavens, and for the people. "Name" is the name, .... "Said", being
said, called, told, talked, explained, said." Where the name is said to them.

"Only the name can be said": "Form, feeling, thinking, behavior, consciousness
are cut off, disappeared, left, annihilation, destruction. "Can be said", can
say, can tell, can call, can explain, can talk." Only the name can be said. "For
the deceased": ""For the deceased", for the deceased, for the dead. "For the
people", for the sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people,
individuals, life, those who are born, those who are born to Indra, and those
born to Manu." For the deceased.

44. Those who are greedy never let go of sorrow, weeping, and stinginess,
Therefore, the Muni, the seers of stability, abandon everything and go
    (wandering).

"The greedy people who are attached, they don't give up their sorrow, weeping,
and stinginess": "'Sorrow', being touched by the loss of relatives, or the loss
of property, ...of disease, ...of precepts, ...of sight; having certain loses,
contact with certain sufferings; having a state of sorrow, sadness, grief,
internal sorrow, internal grief, burning, internal burning, and the arrow of the
heart. "Weeping", being touched by the loss of the relatives...,  who have
lamenting, weeping, crying, grief, lamenting, speech, useless words, muttering,
tearing, weeping state. "Stingy", there are five kinds of stinginess:
...(omitted, see previous sections). Craving is called craving, which is greed,
.... "I hold", there are two kinds of self-holdings, .... They are sad when they
regarded as their own things and fear being are robbed, .... They mourn when
they regarded as their own things, .... They guard, protect, take, cherish, and
be stingy when they are (things) treated as their own things. They don't abandon
the sorrow of being treated as their own things, they don't abandon greed, do
not cut off, not drive away, not end, not make them non-existent. "Those who are
greedy for attachment (of me/mine??), they never let go of sorrow, weeping, and
stinginess.

"Therefore, Muni, the peaceful seer, they abandon everything and walk":
""Therefore", "Therefore; ..., you should see this suffering on the desires."
Because of this. "Muni", Muni is called wisdom .... "Ownership" has two kinds of
possessions: .... After ignoring (forsaking??) all things seen; after they give
up, after abandoning, after driving away, after making the end; walking,
staying, acting, turning, guarding making existence. The seers", the stable
seers, the seers in the shelter, the seers in the refuge, the seers in the
return (??), the seers without terror, the seers without death, the seers with
undeath, the seers of Nibbana. "For this reason, the Muni, the stable seers,
they abandon everything and go (wandering).

45. When the Bhikkhu walks away and is close to far-away seat,
They say it is appropriate for him to not allow his residence to be seen.

"When a bhikkhu walks away": "Those who walk away are called the seven kinds of
learning, and the Arahant is the one who is far away. For what reason are those
who walk away are called the seven kinds of learning? From here and there those
who are far away from, those who avoid, inhibitors, suppressors, restrainers,
preventers, guardians, protectors, they walk, live, act, turn, guard, and
survive: in the eye (door), those who stay away from, avoid, ....; (in the ear
door — missing ??)...; in the nose door...; tongue door...; body (touch)
door.... They walk, live, act, turn, guarding, and survive, such as chicken
feathers or tendons being thrown into the fire, it stays away (withdraws),
avoids, reverses, and is not stretched (??) [AN.7.49]. Similarly, from here and
there, those who are far away, avoiders,  ..., they walk, .., and survive: on
the eye door ...,  on the ear door..., ...nose..., tongue, body; the heart is
far away, avoided, ..., they walk, ..., and survive, guardians, protectors, they
walk, walk, live, act, turn, guard, survive, survive, such as chicken feathers
or tendons thrown into the fire, .... Those who walk away for this reason are
called seven kinds of learning. "Being a monk", being a monk, or when there is a
monk (??)." The monk walks away.

"When close to a seat (and??) far away": "The place where they sit is called a
seat: bed, chair, cushion, small cushion, leather cushion, grass cushion, leaf
cushion, straw cushion. That (from/on that??) seat, inappropriate seeing is
removed, isolated, and away; hearing of inappropriate sounds is...; smell...;
taste...; touch...; The five desires are abandoned, separated, and far away. The
one that is far away from the seat (??) is close, completely close, obedient,
bent to obey, completely obedient, and toward obedient (??)." When close to a
seat far away.

"They said it was appropriate for him: he would not allow his residence to be
seen": "Appropriate", there are three kinds of appropriate: appropriate for the
group, appropriate for the Dhamma, and non-regeneration appropriate. What is
appropriate for groups? "If many bhikkhus are harmonious, happy with each other,
without disputes, and in harmony, they live together and look at each other with
kind eyes." This is appropriate for a group. What is Dhamma appropriate? Four
mindfulness, four righteousness, four divine feet, five faculties, five powers,
seven enlightenment factors, and eight branches of the holy path; they all jump
in, clear, stand, and liberate together. There is no such arguing and strong
arguing about the Dhamma. This is Dhamma appropriate. What is appropriate for
non-regeneration? Even if many bhikkhus like Nibbana (??) are in the unrefined
Nibbana realm, the unreliable (??) Nibbana realm is not seen as insufficient or
full because of this [AN.8.19], this is appropriate for non-regeneration.
"Dwelling", for those who fall into hell, there is a dwelling in the hell; for
those in the animal world, there is a dwelling in the animal world; ...the human
world; ...the world of heaven. "They say that it is appropriate: he will not
allow his residence to be seen": "It is appropriate for him; this is suitable;
this is proportionate; this is corresponding; this is obedient: anyone like this
in the secret hell [their residence] will not be seen;  ...animal world...;
...hungry ghost world...; human world...; ...world of heaven.... They say this,
speak this, talk like this, explain this, say this." They say it is appropriate:
he will not make is residence seen.

46. Muni is a non-dependent person in all things: neither the attractive or not,
Sorrow and stinginess are to him, like water does not contaminate the leaves.

"Muni is the non-dependant person of everything": "Everything is called the
twelve places: eyes and forms, ears and sounds, nose and smell, tongue and
taste, body and touch, mind and dhamma. "Muni", .... "The non-dependant" has two
kinds of dependence: the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing.....
After Muni breaks the dependence of thirsty love, after Muni breaks the
dependence of desiring to see, he is the one who does not depend on the eyes,
the one who does not depend on the ear, ...the tongue,..., the body, the mind,
forms, sounds, smells, tastes, touches, dhammas, home, group (of people),
dwelling, profit, fame, praise, happiness, clothing, food, dwelling, patient's
necessities and medical necessities, the world of desire, ...(omitted, see
previous sections); all those who do not adhere to, those who do not stick,
those who do not fall into, those who do not fixate, those who do not turn their
minds towards (victory), already separated, already leaving, being freed, and
unbound, he lives away from the restrained heart." Muni is the one who does not
depend on everything.

"Neither lovely nor unlovable": "Lovely", there are two kinds of lovely:
sentient beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here, whoever is a mother, or
father, or brother, or sister, or son, or daughter, or friend, or colleague, or
relatives, who are of interest to him, or who want to be beneficial, or who want
to stay away from the yoke, or those with blood, these are lovely beings. What
are attractive behaviors? Desirable forms, desirable sounds, desirable smells,
desirable flavors, desirable touches, these are lovely behaviors. There are two
kinds of "unlovable": beings or deeds. What are unlovable beings? Here, where
they are not of interest to him, do not want to benefit, want to stay stable,
want to kill them, these are unlovable beings. What are the unlovable behaviors?
Unpleasant forms, unpleasant sounds, unpleasant smells, unpleasant tastes,
unpleasant touches, these are unlovable behaviors. "Neither lovely nor
unlovable": ""These are my lovely sentient beings; these are desirable deeds."
Not to make something lovely because of greed. "These are my unlovable sentient
beings; these are undesirable  deeds." Not to make something unlovable because
of hatred; don't make it happen, don't make it produced, don't make it arise,
don't make it be born." To not make things lovely or unlovable.

"Weeping and stinginess are to him, as water does not contaminate the leaves":
""To him", to that person, to the Arahant whose troubles are exhausted.
"Weeping", touched by the loss of relatives, .... There are five kinds of
stinginess: ....

"As water does not contaminate the leaves", the leaves are called lotus leaves,
and the water (Vāri) is called water (udakaṃ), such as water on the lotus leaves
that are not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated,
not infected, not contaminated. The same applies to that person, to the Arahant
who has exhausted his troubles; weeping and sorrow do not contaminate, ... To
that person, the Arahant , those pollutions are not polluting, .... He has left,
has departed, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives away
from the restrained heart. "Weeping and stinginess, for him, are like water not
staining leaves.

47. Also like a water drop on a lotus leaf, like water on a red lotus (flower),
Like this, Muni is not strongly contaminated in what is seen, heard, and felt.

"Like a drop of water on a lotus leaf": "A drop of water is called a drop of
water, and a lotus leaf (Pokkharaṃ) is called a lotus leaf (padumapattaṃ). It is
not strongly contaminated, and it is not contaminated closely anymore." It is
like water drops on lotus leaves. "As water does not contaminate the red lotus":
"Red lotus is called red lotus, and water (Vāri) is called water (udakaṃ). As
water does not contaminate red lotus, it is not strongly contaminated, not
closely contaminated, it is no longer contaminated, it is no longer strongly
contaminated, no longer contaminated closely." Like water does not contaminate
the red lotus.

"Muni like this is not strongly contaminated, that is: in what you see, hear,
and perceive": ""Like this" is a figurative arrangement. "Muni", ....
"Adhesion", there are two kinds of adhesion:  .... After Muni breaks off the
adhesion of thirsty love, after breaking the adhesion of perception, he will not
be contaminated in what he sees, ...in what he hears, ...in what he feels, ...in
knowledge, not contaminated.... He has left..., and dwells away from the
restrained heart." Like this, Muni is not strongly contaminated in what is seen,
heard, and felt.

48. For those who are cleansed in this way don't think about things seen, heard,
    and felt,
They do not want to be cleansed by other things, because he is not contaminated,
    nor not contaminated.

"For those who are cleansed in that way don't think about it, that is: in what
you see, hear, and perceive": ""Cleansed", cleansing is called wisdom, ....
For what reason is cleansed called wisdom?  ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"For those who are cleansed in that way do not think about what they see, hear,
or feel": "The cleanser does not think of seeing, does not think in what they
see, does not think think from what they see, does not think 'what I see is
mine'"; does not think of hearing...; ...feeling...; ...knowing... [SN.35.30].
This was said by the World-Honored One: "Monks! "I am", this is thinking; "I am
this", this is thinking; "I will be", this is thinking; "I will not", this is
thinking; "I will be formed," this is thinking; "I will be formless", this is
thinking; "I will be thinking", this is thinking; "I will be without thinking,"
this is thinking; "I will be (neither??) thinking, not thinking," this is
thinking. Bhikkhus! Thinking is a disease, thinking is a tumor, thinking is an
arrow, thinking is a curse. Bhikkhus! Therefore, here, "we must live with a
mindless heart (with no mind??)." Bhikkhus! You should learn this way."
[SN.35.248]" Those who cleanse like that do not think about it, that is: in what
you see, hear, and feel.

"Do not want to be purified by other things": "The person who is cleansed does
not want, accept, hope, or pray for other things: with impure ways, evil ways,
and non-existence, in addition to (besides) all mindfulness, in addition to the
right work, in addition to the feet of the gods, in addition to the roots, in
addition to the forces, in addition to the enlightenment, in addition to the
eight branches of the holy path, there is purity, cleanliness, and complete
purity; departure, liberation, detachment." Not to want to be purified by other
things.

"Because he is neither tainted nor not tainted": "All ignorant ordinary people,
they are tainted, good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of learned,
they are tainted, and the Arahant is neither tainted nor not tainted: he becomes
(one in) the state of freedom from greed by the extinction of greed; the state
of freedom from aversion by the extinction of anger; the state of freedom from
ignorance by the extinction of delusion, he is a person who has descended into a
state and has practiced..., ...without his rebirth." For he is neither tainted
nor not tainted.
