### 12. Explanation of the Small Pass (instructions for configuring Xiaojing??)

113. Those who stay in each of their own views, after holding it, the skillful
     people say:
Anyone who knows this will discover the Dhamma, and whoever rejects it is
    incomplete.

"Stayers in their own sight": "Some Samaṇa and Brahmans are (of) evil views.
After they control, grasp, pick up, hold, and cling to one of the sixty-two evil
views, they live, live together, dwell, and stay (live all over), such as living
in the family home, or the guilty person living in sin, or the polluter living
in the pollution. Similarly, some Samaṇa and Brahmins are those with bad views,
after they control, after grasping, after picking up, after holding, and after
clinging to one of the sixty-two evil views, they live, live together, dwell,
and stay in their respective views (all over)."  Those who stay in their views.

"After grasping, the skillful people inform all kinds of things": ""After
grasping", after grasping, holding, picking up, clinging, they tell all kinds of
things; they tell in many ways; they conflict with each other; they inform
individually; they inform (speak) differently, they tell, they talk, they
explain, they say. "Skillful people", skillful speakers, ...(omitted, see
previous sections)." After holding it, the skillful people told all kinds of
things.

"Whoever knows this way, he discovers the Dhamma": "Whoever knows this way, he
discovers the Dhamma": "Whoever knows this way, he perceives, knows, sees, and
penetrates the Path (CN: 'Taoist path', seems redundant, maybe a mistake??)."
Anyone who knows this way, he discovers the Dhamma.

"He who rejects this is an incomplete one": "Anyone who rejects (this) Dhamma,
view, way, and path (Path with a capital??) is incomplete; he is unfulfilled; he
is inferior, despicable, lower, inferior intent, insignificant." Rejecting this,
he is incomplete.

114. After holding this way, they argued, and said "the opponent is the fool,
     the unskilled",
Then which of these speakers is true? Because these people all claim to be
    skillful.

"After holding this way, they argue": "After holding this way, after grasping,
..., they argue, quarrel, dispute, and disregard: "You don't know this dhamma,
(omitted, see previous sections)..., please dismantle (disassemble??) it, if you
can."" They argued after holding it like this.

"And say, "The opponent is the fool, the unskilled"": ""The opponent is the
fool, the inferior, the despicable, the lower, inferior intent, the
insignificant, the unskilled, the ignorant, the unwise, and the indifferent."
(They) Say it this way; tell it this way; talk this way; explain it this way;
say it this way." They say, "the opponent is the fool, the unskilled".

"Then which speaker of these people is true": "Which speaker of these Samaṇa and
Brahmins is true, truthful, factual, correct, and not inverted?" So which of
these speakers is true.

"Because these people all claim to be skillful people": "These Samaṇa and
brahmins are all skillful speakers, wise speakers, ...." Because these people
are all those who claim to be skillful.

115. If he does not recognize the opponent's dhamma, he is a fool, a foolish one
     (other translations have 'beast' or 'brute'??), a despicable man,
All are fools and despicable wise men: these people are all stopped in their own
    views.

"If you don't approve the opponent's dhamma": "When the opponent's dhamma, view,
way, Path, he does not approve, does not endorse, does not agree
(anānumananto?), does not follow". He does not agree with the opponent's dhamma.

"He is a fool, a foolish one, a despicable man": "The opponent is the fool, the
inferior, ..., etc., the unwise, the low-wise, the inferiorly wise, the
insignificantly wise." He is a fool, a foolish one, a despicable man.

"They are all fools, very despicable wise ones": "These Samaṇa and Brahmins are
all fools, inferior, ...." All of them are fools and extremely despicable ones.

"These people are all stopped in seeing (their views)": "These Samaṇa and
Brahmins are all evil-viewers. After holding, taking, grasping, picking up,
clinging to one of the sixty-two evil views, they live, ..., in their own views,
such as staying at home in the family, .... The same, these Samaṇa and Brahmins
are all evil seers.. ." These people are all stopped in their own views.

116. But if you become innocent (pure) by your own view, you are completely pure
     and wise, skillful, and aware,
Then there is no inferior person (in wisdom) among those people, because those
    people's view is completed like that (as it is).

"But if you become innocent by your own view (Note: this could be either
positive or negative; I read it as positive as do V. Fausböll and B. Bodhi; this
seems to make more sense given the following verse.)": "Be innocent, pure, with
your own views, with your own likes, with your own hobbies, with your own
opinions, Clean, not polluted, not contaminated." But if you become innocent
based on your own opinion.

"The one who is completely pure and wise, the one who is skilful, the one who is
aware of the wisdom": "The one who is completely pure and wise, the one who is
bright and wise, or the one who sees purely, the pure seer, the white (pure)
seer, and the bright seer" are the completely pure and wise. "Skillful",
"Skillful are the wise, the clever, the distinguished, and the wise." The
completely pure and wise, the skillful. "The wise one", the wise one is the
wise, ...." The pure and the wise, the skillful, the wise one.

"Then those do not have any inferior wisdom": "Those are not inferior..., among
the Samaṇa and Brahman, all are the best, the wiser, the superior in wisdom, the
supremely wise, the most wise, and the top in wisdom." There is no inferior in
wisdom among those people.

"Because the views of those people have been completed like that": "The views of
those Samaṇa and Brahmans have been completed, held, grasped, taken, attached,
and believed, and understood like that." The view of those people was completed
like that.

117. I do not say "this is the truth", as they say that the opponent is a fool,
They regard their own views as true, so they call their opponents "fools".

"I do not say "This is the truth"": ""No" is negative. "This", "Sixty-two evil
views, this is truthful, true, ...." I will not tell (say), I don't explain,
...(omitted, see previous sections)." I don't say "this is truthful."

"Whoever they say to each other is a fool": "An "enemy" is two people, two
quarrelers, two disputers, two arguers, two contender , two defenders, two
interlocutors, they say this to each other, talk this, speak this, explain this,
say [the adversary] as the fool, the inferior, ...." They say that the opponent
is a fool.

"They set their own views as true": "The world is constant, this is true, and
everything else is empty." For them, their views are true. "The world is very
constant, this is real, and everything else is empty." ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "The Tathāgata after death neither exists nor does not exist, this is
real, and everything else is empty." They take their own views as true.

"Therefore they call their opponents "the fool"": ""Therefore", therefore; that
reason; that fate; that cause; they set, see, watch, and observe their opponents
as fools, inferior, ...." They call their opponents "fools."

118. Where some people say (this is) "true and truthful", others say "that is
     hypocritical and false",
After holding this way, they argue; why do the Samaṇa tell (these views)
    differently?

"Wherever some people say "true, truthful"": "Every dhamma, view, way, path,
some Samaṇa and Brahmins say this, tell this, talk this, explain this, say this:
"This is true, truthful, ...."" Those who say "true, truthful".

"Others said, "It is hypocritical and false": "As for the Dhamma, view, way,
path, some Samaṇa and Brahmins said, ...: "This is hypocritical, this is false,
this is not true, this is incorrect."" Others say "that is hypocritical, false".

"After holding this way, they argue": "After holding this way, after grasping,
..., they argue, quarrel, ...: "You don't know this dhamma, ...."" They argue
after holding it like this.

"Why do the Samaṇa tell them differently": "Why? Why? What is the reason? What
is the cause? What is the condition? What is the collection? What is the birth
(arising)? What is the root cause? They tell (say) differently; they tell in
various ways; they tell in many ways; they tell each other (in conflict); they
tell individually, they tell, they talk, they explain, they say." Why do the
Samaṇa tell them differently?

119. There is indeed no second truth. Those who who understand should not argue
     about anything.
They applaud (proclaim) all their own truths, so the Samaṇa tell them
    differently.

"It is true that there is no second one (truth) in a single reality (truth)":
"Single reality is called cessation of suffering, Nibbāna, which is the
cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the cessation of
craving, greed, annihilation, and Nibbāna. Or, The single truth is called the
truth of the Path, the truth of the detachment, the path to the suffering, the
eight branches of the holy path, namely: right view, right will (intention),
right speech, right kamma (action), right life (livelihood), right effort, right
thought (wisdom), right concentration. There is no second (truth).

"A person who understands should not argue about anything": ""No matter what",
no matter what reality. "Man (person)", a synonym for all living beings.
"Understanding (one who understands)", whoever truly understands, those who
know, those who know others, those who know for sure, those who understand,
should not quarrel, should not argue, ..., he should let it go, he should be
driven away, he should end it, and he should make it go to non-existence." Those
who understand should not argue about anything.

"They applaud all kinds of realities (truths) themselves": "All kinds of
realities they applaud, say, tell, talk, explain, and speak; "The world is
constant, this is true, and everything else is empty." They themselves applaud,
inform, tell, talk, explain, speak; the world is very constant... (omitted)
"After death, the Tathāgata neither exists nor does not exist, this is true, and
everything else is empty." They applaud themselves, say, tell, talk, explain,
speak." They applaud all the (their own) truths.

"Therefore, the Samaṇa tell them differently": "'Therefore,' ...; they tell
differently; they all tell; ...." For this reason, the Samaṇa told differently.

120. Why do they tell all kinds of truths, those who talk about it, whose who
     claim to be skillful?
Are those realities numerous and various, or do they follow inferences?

"Why do they tell all kinds of truth": "Why, why? What is the reason? .... They
tell all kinds of things; they tell many things; ...." Why do they tell all
kinds of truth.

"Good commenters, who claim to be skillful ones": ""Good commenters", "they
refute" are good commentators, or they say, tell, talk, explain, and say their
own views: "The world is constant, ...." "Claim to be skillful", .... Good
discussants, claiming to be skillful.

"Whether those realities are numerous and various": "Whether those realities are
numerous, various, multifaceted, mutually [conflicting], and individual."
Whether those realities are numerous and various.

"Or they follow the inference": "Or do they carry away, take away, and carry by
inference and thinking." In this way, they (still??) follow the inference. Or,
"They are influenced by inferences, investigated and accompanied, speaking,
telling, talking, explaining, speaking with their own arguments." In this way,
they (still??) follow the inference.

121. Reality is indeed not numerous and various, except after he recognizes the
     habitual (permanent) things in the world,
But after concluding on their views, they said there are two two methods
    (dhammas) of "true" and "false".

"Reality is indeed not numerous and various": "Reality is indeed not numerous,
various, multi-faceted, mutually [conflicting], individual." It is true that
reality is not numerous and various.

"Except after he recognizes (incorrectly) the permanent things in the world":
"Except for (in addition to??) cognizing the permanent attachments, there is
only a single truth in the world to be told, talked, explained, and spoken:
suffering and Nibbāna, that is the end of all actions, .... Or, the single truth
is called the essence, out of the essence, the path of suffering, the eight
noble paths, namely: right view, ...." Except for his knowledge of the permanent
things in the world.

"But after the conclusion of the inference on the view, they said the two
methods of "true and false": "Thinking, seeking (??), after thinking they
choose, after they think, so that bad views are produced, given birth to, and
arose; after the bad views are produced, ..., they say this, ...: "Mine is real
(true), and yours is false." After the conclusion of their views, they said two
methods of "true and false".

123. In seeing, hearing, precepts and prohibitions, or perception, after relying
     on these, he becomes a light insulting seer (of views),
Coming to (contemptuous) laughter after judgement, he says that his opponent is
    "the fool, the unskilled".

"In terms of what you see, hear, precepts and prohibitions, or perceptions,
relying on these to become obscene (humiliating, insulting) seers": ""The purity
of what you see; the purity of what you hear; ...of precepts..., prohibitions,
perception; after reliance, after dependence, after picking up, after grasping,
after clinging." In what you see, hear, precept and prohibition, or feeling.
"Relying on these, becoming a light insult seer", "Disrespect" is a light insult
seer, or "makes one arouses sorrow" is also a light insult seer." In seeing,
hearing, precept and prohibition, or perception, relying on these, he becomes a
viewer of slight insults.

"Coming to laughter after standing in judgment": ""Judgment is called sixty-two
evil views [judgment of the view], in the judgment of seeing, judgment sees
after standing, after establishing, after taking up, after grasping, after
clinging." It means staying after the judgment (??). "Coming to laughter", to be
a joyous person, a laughing person, a rejoicing person, a delightful person, a
fully satisfied person, or a person who shows his teeth and continues to laugh."
Coming to laughter after standing up in judgment.

"And he says that the opponent is "the fool, the unskilled"": ""The opponent is
the fool, the inferior, ...." He say it this way; tells it this way; ...." He
says that the opponent is "the fool, the unskilled".

123. Because he called his opponent a "fool", he said he was a "skillful man",
Speaking of himself, he claims to be skillful and despises other people, (but)
    he (also) says like that.

"Because he sets his opponent as a "fool"": "He sets, sees, looks, gazes,
contemplates, and observes opponents as fools, inferior, and despicable by that
cause, by that condition, by that reason, by that source, as inferior, ...."
Because he calls his opponent the "fool".

"So he is said (by himself) to be a "skillful person"": "He (Ātumāno) is called
himself (attā). He also uses that cause, that condition, that reason, and that
root to [speak of] himself: I am good, the clever, the wise, the
enlightened, the discriminating, the wise." He calls himself "skillful".

"With oneself [speaking of] oneself, he becomes the one who claims to be
skillful": "Oneself [speaking] as a skillful speaker, a wise speaker, ...." He
becomes a speaker who [speaks of] himself as a skillful person.

"Despising other people, he (also) said like that": ""Disrespect" is to despise
other people, or "to cause grief to arise" also to despise other people. "He
said like that", he said that evil like that: like this, this person is (one
with) a wrong view, a reverse view." Despising other people, he also said like
that.

124. He was completed by the transgressed view, was intoxicated with conceit and
     became a boastful person,
He was empowered by his own mind, because his vision was completed like that.

"He was completed by his disobedient (transgressive) view": The disobedient view
is called sixty-two evil views. For what reason is the view of transgression
called sixty-two evil views? All these views have exceeded the reasons, the
characteristics, and the possibilities. For this reason, the views of
transgression are called sixty-two evil views. All views are transgressive
views. For what reason all views are called transgressive views? They cross,
pass through, and overcome each other to produce evil views; make them produce,
cause them to arise, and cause them to be born. For this reason, all views are
called transgressive views. "He was completed by the transgressed view": "He was
completed, filled with the transgressed view, and became perfect." He was
completed by the transgressed view.

"Being intoxicated by conceit and becoming a person who boast of completeness":
""Being intoxicated by one's own view, seeing arrogantly, (slowly??) letting go,
becoming crazy, excessive." Being intoxicated by conceit. "Boasting of
completeness", boasting of completeness, boasting of completion, boasting of
perfection." To be intoxicated by conceit and become boastful of perfection.

"I am empowered by myself with intention": "I am empowered by myself with my
heart: I am skillful, wise, ...." To empower yourself with intention.

"Because his view is completed like that": "His view like that is completed,
held, taken, grasped, attached, believed, and understood." Because his view is
completed like that.

125. If an opponent becomes a despicable person because of words, he [also]
     becomes a despicable person together,
But if [he] himself is wise in the Vedas and a wise person, there is no fool
    among the Samaṇas.

"If opponents become despicable because of words": "For opponents [because of]
being rebuked by words, humiliation, insults, opponents become fools, inferior,
...." If opponents become despicable because of words. "Then he himself [also]
together becomes a despicable wise man": "Because of that, he also became
inferior, despicable, ...." He himself [also] together became a despicable man.

"But if [he] himself is wise in the Vedas, the wise one": "But if [he] himself
is the acquainted with the Vedas, the wise, the enlightened, the distinguished
(separate), one who is wise." But if [he] himself is wise in the Vedas and a
wise one.

"There is no fool among Samaṇas": "There is no fool, inferior, ..., in (among)
Samaṇa. They are all the most wise, superior, ...." There is no fool in the
Samaṇa.

126. Anyone who tells other methods from here [outside], they are missing
     purity, incomplete ones,
All kinds of outsiders (sects) also told this, because they were tainted by the
    greed of their own opinions.

"Anyone who tells other Dhamma from here [outside], they are missing purity and
imperfect ones": "Anyone who tells other Dhamma, view, way, and Path from here,
they are (not of) pure Path, lost all purity, the lost, the fallen, the pure
white Path, the bright and pure Path, those who are completely intellectually
missed, they are incomplete, they are inferior, ...." Those who tell the other
Dhammas from here [outside], they are missing purity and incomplete ones.

"Various sects also tell this": "Sects are called evil views, and outsiders are
called evil views. All kinds of sects say, tell, talk, explain, and speak all
kinds of evil views." All kinds of sects tell this.

"Because they are tainted by the greed of their own opinions": "Because they are
tainted by the greed of their own views, their greed, and their extremes."
Because they are tainted by the greed of their own opinions.

127. They told "only here is pure", they said there is no purity in other
     methods,
All kinds of outsiders (sects) are also fixed in this way, where they claim to
    be strong in their way.

"They tell "only here is pure"": "They say, tell, ...(omitted, see previous)."
They say "only here is pure".

"They say that there is no purification in other dhamma": "Except for his own
master, group, ...(omitted, see previous sections)." They say there is no purity
in other laws.

'All kinds of sects (alt: 'foreign roads'??) are also fixed in this way": "Sects
are called evil views, and all foreign roads are called evil views. They are
fixed, stopped, stuck, entered, infected, and held in all kinds of evil views,
directed towards (with??) their hearts." All kinds of outsiders are fixed.

"Where is the one who declares himself to be strong in his own way": "The Dhamma
is his own way; seeing (views) is his own way; the deeds are his own way; the
way is his own way; the strong speaker, the established speaker." The one who
claims to be strong in his own way.

128. But in his own way, he claims to be strong, what opponent can he call the
     "fool" here?
It is he that will bring himself dissent, calling his opponent the fool and
    speaker of the impure dhamma.

"But in his own way, he proclaims the strong one": "One's own dhamma, one's own
view, one's path, one's own way, in one's own way, are the strong speaker, the
firm speaker, the established speaker." The one who claims to be strong in his
own way.

"Here, what opponent can he call the "fool"": ""Here", in terms of his own
views, his likes, his hobbies, and his opinions; what can he place, what can he
see, what can he looked at, what can he watched, what opponents can be observed
as the fool, the inferior, ...." What opponent can he put here as the "fool"?

"It is he who will bring dissent (by saying): the opponent is the foolish
speaker of the impure dhamma": ""The opponent is the fool, the inferior, ...,
the impure dhamma, those who do not purify the Dhamma, those who do not pervade
the pure Dhamma, and those who do not purify the Dhamma." Those who say so,
those who talk so, ..., will bring them by themselves; they will cause; will be
transported; will gather; will pull; will attract; will hold; will cling; will
be persistent in quarreling, arguing, disputing, and disagreement." He himself
will bring disagreement: the opponent is the fool and speaker of impure dhamma.

129. After standing on judgment and measuring by himself, then he comes to argue
     in the world,
After abandoning all judgments, people will not engage in dissent in the world.

"After standing on the judgment, after measuring by oneself": "Judgment is
called sixty-two evil views ....(omitted, see previous)." "After measuring by
oneself", after measuring by oneself: "This master is the wise man of all."
After measuring by oneself; "this law is said to be good...." ...(omitted, see
previous sections). To live in judgement, after measuring by oneself.

"Later he comes to argue in the world": "Later is called the future. After
setting up his own doctrine, he came, arrived, grasped, clinging, insisted on
quarreling, arguing, disputing, disagreement." This is how he came to argue in
the world. Or, "Afterwards, quarreling, arguing, ..., with other doctrines: "You
don't know the dhamma, ...(omitted)."" Then he came to argue in the world.

"After abandoning all judgments": "Judgment is called sixty-two evil views
[judgments of view], in the judgment of seeing (views), after abandoning all
judgments, after giving up, after giving up forever, after forsaking, after
discarding, after expelling, after making to end, after making it go to
non-existence." After all judgment has been abandoned.

"People in the world do not engage in disagreement": "Do not quarrel, do not
argue, ..... This was said by the Blessed One: "Aqiwisanna (??)! Such a
liberated monk does not (dis-??)agree with anything, does not argue what the
world says without clinging (??). [MN.74]" "Humans (people)",  .... "In the
world", ...." To not engage in dissent in the world.

\newpage
