### 13. Explanation of the Greater Pass (Instructions for configuring Dajing??)

130. Anyone who has seen these (views), and who say "this is true",
Are those all just incurring rebuke, or do they get praise there too?

"Anyone who sees any of these": ""everything", all completely, every aspect
completely, no surplus, the whole earth, this is the language of ubiquity,
"everything". "Seeing (views) "Seeing", some Samana and Brahmins are (of) evil
views. After controlling, ...(omitted, see previous sections). All those who
have seen these things.

"And those who tell "this is real"": ""The world is constant, ...(omitted, see
previous sections)." They tell, ..." And those who say "this is the truth".

"(Have) Those all only incurred rebuke": "Those Samana and Brahmins all only
followed rebuke, only scolding, only blame." Those all only incurred rebuke. .

"Or did they get praise there too": "There (did) they get, obtain, arrive, find,
praise and admiration with their own views, their likes, their hobbies, and
their opinions." Do they get praise there too?"

131. This (praise) is small and insufficient for peace. I said there are two
     consequences of arguing.
After seeing this, one shouldn't argue; the one who does not argue is a stable
  one.

"This is less and insufficient for calm (peace)": ""This is less", "This is
less; this is inferior; this is only a few; this is low; this is inferior
intent; this is insignificant." This is less. "Not enough for peace", what
belongs to greed is for peace, what belongs to anger is for peace,
...foolishness..., ...(omitted, see previous sections)..., all the unwholesome
contrived things are not enough for peace, for silence, for calming down, for
cooling, for stopping, and for cessation." This is less, and not enough for
peace.

"I said that there are two results of arguing": "The quarrel of seeing (views),
the argument of seeing, the dispute of seeing, the result of seeing dissent,
there are two results: victory and defeat; gain and failure; reputation, no
reputation; there are reprimands and praises; there are sufferings and
pleasures; there are joys and depressions; there are satisfied and dissatisfied;
there are love and disgust; there are proud and depressed; there are compliance
and opposition. Or, "That kamma will lead to hell, lead to the animal world,
lead to the hungry ghost world." I said, I explained, I taught, I informed, I
established, I uncovered, I analyzed, I clarified, I explained." I said that
there are two fruits of arguing.

"He shouldn't argue after seeing this": ""After seeing this", "This trouble: in
the quarrel of seeing, ..., after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying." After seeing this. "He should not argue," he
should not quarrel, should not argue, ..., he should abandon, ...(omitted, see
previous sections). He should have gone from quarreling, arguing, ...,
abstinence, departing, renunciation, freed, liberation, he should live with the
heart of separation and limitation." He shouldn't argue after seeing this.

"The one who does not argue is the stable one": "The one who does not argue is
called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation
of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, Nibbana. See,
seeing, watching, contemplating, and observing are unarguably stable, shelter,
refuge, fearless, non-dead, immortal, and Nibbana." Those who do not argue are
stable.

132. For any of these mundane general insights, the wise do not reach (grasp)
     all of these,
Why would a non-attached one come to attachment, when he does not like what he
  sees and hears?

"Any of these mundane general opinions": ""Anything", all completely, ...
"General opinion", the general opinion is called the general opinion of
sixty-two evil views. "Ordinary", "general opinions arising from ordinary
people" are ordinary, or "general opinions arising widely from all kinds of
people" are ordinary." Any of these mundane general opinions.

"The wise man does not reach all of this": "The wise man is the one who has
reached the world (??), the wise. The secular view (that) guides all this, he
does not reach, does not arrive, does not grasp, does not take, does not cling
(to)." For the wise, none of this is reached.

"Why would the non-attachment (one) come to attachment": ""Attachment", there
are two kinds of attachments: ...(omitted, see previous sections). For him, the
attachment to thirsting has been cut off; ...." No attachment. Why would the
non-attached people come to arrive, reach, hold, take, and cling to form as true
self? Feeling..., thinking..., doing..., knowing..., interesting(??)...,
death..., being born..., being (existing)..., reincarnation..., why would he
arrive, ...?" Why would he come to clinging as an unattached person?

"Those who do not like what the see and hear": "He who does not like in what is
seen, or what is heard, or what is felt, nor in will (intention), does not love,
and is not greedy; the person who is not born, is not produced, not born." Those
who do not like what they see and hear.

133. Those who take the precepts as the highest, say that (self-)inhibition is
     pure; those who appear after being restrained, (saying:)
Let us learn right here and then there will be purity; claiming to be skillful,
  they will be lead to there (further existence).

"Those who take the precepts as the highest, they say that [self] inhibition is
pure": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Those who appear after being restrained": ""Prohibition", like prohibition, or
horse prohibition, or cattle prohibition, or dog prohibition, or crow
prohibition, or Vishnus prohibition, or Litian prohibition, or Manxian
prohibition, or Zhuxian prohibition, or fire prohibition, or dragon prohibition,
or golden-winged bird prohibition, or Yakkha prohibition, or Asura prohibition,
or Gandapo prohibition, or king prohibition, or moon prohibition, or day
prohibition, or Indra Prohibition, or Brahma prohibition, or heaven prohibition,
or position prohibition(??), after they cling, after being held, after taking,
after taking on, after taking up, after grasping, after clinging, being
manifested, adhered, entered, infected, and directed toward." One who emerged
after being restrained.

"Let us study here and then there will be purity": ""Here", in my own views, my
likes, my hobbies, and my opinions. "Let us learn", let us learn, let us
practice, let us implement, and let us turn after being sustained." Let us study
here. "Then there will be purity", and then there will be purity, cleanliness,
and all-over purity; detachment, liberation, disengagement." Let's learn here
and then there will be purity.

"Declaring (to be) the skillful, led to being": ""Being led to being", "being
led to being, being caught in being, being taken to being, being directed
towards being." Being led to being. "Declaring the skillful", the skillful
speaker, the wise speaker, ...(omitted, see previous sections)." Those who claim
to be skillful are led to there.

134. If he fell from precepts and prohibitions, he trembles after failing in
     this behavior,
He hopes and prays for purity, like a traveler from home abandoned by a caravan.

"If he fell (CN has "died" instead of fell, all throughout??) from precepts and
prohibitions": "He fell from precepts and prohibitions for two reasons: he was
interrupted by others, or he fell when he did not reach them. How would he fall
when others interrupt him? "The interruption of others": That master is not all
wise, ...(omitted, see previous sections), and insignificant. This is
"interrupted by others." In this way, the master will fall when interrupted, and
the law will tell did he fall (??), the group did not fall, seeing did not fall,
the way did not fall, the Path did not fall, so he was interrupted by others.
How would he fall when he did not reach? When he did not reach the precept, when
he did not reach the prohibition, when he did not reach the precept and
prohibition, so he fell when the prohibition was not reached." If he fell from
precepts and prohibitions.

"He trembled after the act failed": ""He trembled", ""I lost the precept or
prohibition or both the precept and the prohibition; by me, violated by me,
overturned by me, lost by me, and I am a violator completely intellectually
(??)." He was trembling, ...(omitted). "After the act fails", "Blessed or
non-blessed or immobile is lost by me; violated by me; .... He was shaking,
trembling, trembling greatly." He trembled after the failure of the act.

"He wants and prays for purity": ""He wants", "He longs for precepts, or he
longs for prohibitions, or he longs for precepts and prohibitions, he hopes and
prays." He prays. "And prays for purity", he prays for the purity of the
precepts, or he prays for the purity of the prohibition, or he prays for the
purity of the precepts and prohibitions." He hopes and prays for purity.

"(As) If a man who has traveled from home (and) is abandoned by a caravan": "If
a man has left home and takes the caravan as a far traveler or resident (living
person), he is abandoned by the caravan, he may pursue that caravan, or go home.
In the same way, the evil-viewer either holds the master or other masters; or
holds the narration of that method, or holds the narration of other methods; or
holds the group, or holds other groups; or holding that view, or holding other
views; or holding that way, or holding other way; or holding that path, or
holding other paths, he takes and clings to it." As the far-traveler was
abandoned by the caravan.

135. But after giving up all precepts and prohibitions, and acts of guilt and
     innocence,
"Purity and impurity", those who do not pray, do not grasp silence after
  quitting.

"But after renouncing all precepts and prohibitions": "After all the purity of
precepts are cut off, after abandoning, after being driven away, after the end,
after making them non-existent; after all the purity of prohibitions...; ...the
purity of precepts and prohibitions...." To give up all precepts and
prohibitions.

"And after this guilty and innocent behavior": "The guilty behavior is called
black fruit; the innocent behavior is called white fruit. After the guilty
behavior and the innocent behavior are abolished, after giving up, after being
expelled, after the end, making it go to non-existence." After this act of guilt
and innocence.

""Pure and impure" (they) do not pray": ""Impurity", they want impurity: they
want unwholesome Dhamma; "pure", they want purity: they want five desires. They
want impurity: they want evil, and they want five desires; they desire purity:
they desire sixty-two evil views. They desire impurity: they desire unwholesome
dhamma, they desire five desires, they desire sixty-two evil views; they desire
purity: they desire Good Dhamma in the Three Realms. They want impurity: they
want unwholesome Dhamma, they want five desires, they want sixty-two evil views,
they want good Dhamma in the Three Realms; they want purity: good ordinary
people want to enter, the students hope for the first realm of the Arahant
state. The Arahant who has reached the Arahant state neither desires unwholesome
dhamma, nor the five desires, nor the sixty-two evil views, nor the good dhamma
in the three realms, nor the decision to enter the first Arahant realm. The
desired transcendence, the Arahant has surpassed growth and retreat, he is a
person who has descended into a state, a person who has practiced... (omitted),
the cycle of birth and death, without his rebirth." "Pure and impure", (they) do
not pray.

"He who has abstained without taking up silence can do it": ""The one who has
abstained", "He has been separated from pure and impure, has abstained, has
forgone, has renounced, has departed, has been liberated, he is unbound, he
lives in the heart of being free from being restricted." He is the one who has
abstained. "Able to do", "Able to do, to move, to live, to act, to turn, to
guard, to sustain, to survive." It is possible for the person who has abstained.
"After not picking up the silence," the silence is called the silence of
sixty-two evil views. He is not holding, not taking, and not clinging." Those
who have abstained and not grasped silence can do it.

136. Relying on asceticism or disgust, or even after seeing or hearing or
     feeling,
After going forward, they declared that they were pure, those who are thirsty in
    all kinds of existence.

"Depending on asceticism or disgust": "Some Samanas and Brahmins are austere and
aversive, those with austerity and aversion as the core, those who depend on
asceticism and aversion, those who stop, those who stick to them, those who fall
into them, those who hold the mind toward (victory)." To rely on asceticism or
disgust.

"Or even after seeing or hearing or feeling": "The purity of what you see; the
purity of what you hear; the purity of what you feel; after depending, after
relying, after picking up, after grasping, after attachment." Also after seeing
or hearing or feeling.

"After going forward, they proclaimed purity": "Some Samana and Brahmins are the
critics (commentators) after going forward. Which Samana and Brahmans are the
critics after going forward? Some Samana and Brahmins are the ultimately pure,
reincarnation pure, no work Seers, constant commentators, these Samana,
Brahmins, they are the commentators after going forward. They applaud, inform,
tell, talk, explain, and say that reincarnation is pure, clean, and all-pure;
detachment, liberation, and disengagement." After going forward they proclaimed
purity.

"Thirsty in all kinds of existence": "'Thirsty love", the thirst for form,
thirst for sound, thirst for smell, thirst for taste, thirst for touch, thirst
for Dhamma. "In all kinds of existence", ...(omitted, see previous sections);
those who are thirsty, those who have not given up their thirst, those who have
not eliminated thirst, those who have not released their thirst, those who have
not quit their thirsting."

137. Indeed for those who wish there are many aspirations, but also trembling in
     the fixed view,
For those who do not have death and rebirth here, why would he tremble or what
    would he long for?

"There are indeed many aspirations for the hopeful": "Hope is called craving,
which is greed, .... "For the hopeful", " For the person who wants, for the
person who seeks, for the person who wishes, for the recipient, for the person
who desires, and for the person who prays." For the person who wants. "There are
indeed many aspirations.", Desire is called craving, it is greed, ...." For
those who desire, there are indeed many desires.

"Also trembling in the fixed view": "Constant view", there are two kinds of
fixed view: the fixed view of thirsting and the fixed view of seeing...."Also
tremble in the fixed view": "They tremble when the things that have been fixed
are suspected of being robbed, ...(omitted, see previous sections)." To tremble
in the fixed views.

"For those who do not have death and rebirth here": ""For those who...", for the
Arahant; for those who have exhausted their troubles. All their interactions,
contacts, death time everywhere (??), all kinds of death, past life, birth,
disintegration, rebirth, senescence, death they do not have, do not exist, are
not known, are not discovered, have been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped,
cannot arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." Those who don't have death and
rebirth here.

"Why would he tremble or where he would eagerly look forward to": "Why would he
tremble with greed? Why would he be trembling? Why would he be trembling with
ignorance? Why would he tremble with conceit? With what kind of behavior he will
tremble? What kind of suspicion he will tremble? What is the latent trend of
troubles for which he will tremble, becoming "sick", or "disgusting", or
"stupid", or "bound", or "the one who clings to", or "come to disorganization",
or "come to the unpleasant", or "come to fortitude"? Those creations have been
cut off, the deeds of have been cut off, he will tremble and become one in
"hell", or "beast (world)", or a "hungry ghost", or a "person", or "heaven", or
"formed", or "formless", or "thinking", or "non-thinking", or "neither thinking
nor non-thinking"? He has no cause, no predestiny, and no factors, so why will
he tremble, tremor, and tremble greatly." Why he would tremble. "Where would he
be eager", or where would he be keen? On what would he look forward to? Where
would he be eager; would he hope; would he pray?" Why would he tremble or where
would he look forward to?"

138. Some people say, in the dhamma, "it is the highest", but others say, "it is
     inferior"."
Then which of these speakers is true? Because these people all claim to be
    skillful.

"Some people in the Dhamma say "it is the highest"": "The Dhamma, view,
...(omitted, see previous sections)" Some people say "it is the highest."

"But other people said, "That's what is inferior." "As for the Dhamma, view,
...(omitted, see previous sections)." Other people said, "That is inferior."

"Then which speaker of these people is true": "Which speaker of these Samana and
Brahmins is true, ...." So which of these speakers is true.

"Because these people are all professing to be skillful people": "These Samana
and brahmins are all skillful speakers, ...." Because these people are all those
who claim to be skillful.

139. Indeed they say that their own Dhamma is perfect, and they say that the
     Dhamma of others is inferior.
After holding in this way, they argue, and they say that their own opinions are
    true.

"It is true that they say that their own Dhamma is complete": "Their own Dhamma,
..., some Samana, Brahmins say... : "This is complete and perfect."" To be sure,
they said that their Dhamma is consummate.

"And the Dhamma of other people is inferior": "Other people's Dhamma, ..., some
Samana and Brahmins say ...: "This is inferior, ...." They say that the Dhamma
of other people is inferior.

"After holding this way, they argue": "After holding this way, after grasping,
..., they argue, quarrel, ...: "You don't know this dhamma, ...."" They argued
after holding it like this.

"They said their opinions are true": "The world is constant, ...." They said
that their opinions are true.

140. If by scorn from your opponent you become inferior, there will be no
     winner in any dhamma,
Because each of them tells others that their dhamma is despicable, and about
    themselves, they claim to be strong.

"If by scorn from your opponent, you will become an inferior": "If the opponent
becomes a fool, an inferior, ..., because of the reason of being scorned by the
opponent, the cause of reprimand, the cause of blaming, the cause of abuse." To
be the inferior if contempted by your opponents.

"There will be no superior in any Dhamma: "In Dhamma there will not be any
first, most superior, superior, highest, top." In any Dhamma, there will be no
winners.

"Because each of them tells others that the dhamma is despicable": "Most people
say, insult, accuse, and reprimand the (other) laws of the majority as inferior,
.... A person also speaks, insults, ...,  most of the (other) dhammas as
inferior, .... One person also speaks, ..., the (other) dhamma is inferior,
...." They all inform others that (their) dhamma (is despicable).

"About oneself, they claim to be strong": "My own Dhamma, my own view, my own
way, my own path, in my own path he is a strong speaker, a firm speaker, the one
who is established." The person who claims to be sturdy about himself.

141. The Dhamma that they respect is true, (just) as they praise their way,
Everything said would become truthful, because for those people purity is their
    own.

"The Dhamma that oneself respects is true": What is the respect of one's own
Dhamma? Respect, worship, adore, and admire your own master: "This master is all
wise." This is the respect of one's own Dhamma. Talking about one's own
Dhamma..., own group..., own views..., own way..., one's own path, respect,
worship, adore, and admire: "This way is renunciation." This is to respect one's
own way. "The Dhamma that oneself respects is true": "The respect of one's own
Dhamma (alone) is true, truthful, factual, correct, and irreversible." The
Dhamma respected by oneself is real.

"As they praise their own way": "Dhamma is their own way, the view is their own
way, the road is their own way, the Path is their own way, they praise and
admire their own way." As they praise their own way.

"Then everything said will become truthful": "Everything said will become true,
truthful, ...." So everything said will become truthful.

"Because to those people purity is their own": "For those Samanas and Brahmins,
they are pure, clean, and all-pure; detachment, liberation, and disengagement
are their own." Because to those people, purity is their own.

142. For Brahmins who are not guided by others, (or) holding tightly after
     selecting in the Dhamma,
He has therefore been rid of arguments, because he does not regard other dhammas
    as the most victorious.

"For Brahmins who are not guided by others": "Not" is negative. "Brahman", ....
"For Brahmins who are not guided by others": "For Brahmins, those who are not
guided by others. Brahmins are those who are not guided by others, are not
dependent on others, are not due to others, and are not bound by others. He
(truthfully) knows and sees that he is the one who is not ignorant, the one who
knows exactly, and the one who remembers: "All actions are impermanent" for a
Brahmin without being guided by others, ...(omitted, see previous sections)."
For Brahmins, they are not guided by others.

"After being selected in the Dhamma, holding tightly": ""On the Dhamma", in the
sixty-two evil views. "After the selection", ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "Holding tightly", Limited grip, partial grip, uppermost grip, fixed
amount grip, accumulated grip, fully accumulated grip: "This is true, ...." They
are held, clinging, attached, taken, and believed." They don't exist, are not
known, ...." Being held tightly after the decision is made in Dhamma.

"Therefore arguing has been cast off": "'Therefore, .... The quarrel, the
argument, ...between views has been shaken off, has been traversed, has been
crossed, has been overcome." Because of this, the argument has been cast off.

"Because he does not regard other dhamma as the most victorious": "In addition
to (except for) dhammas, in addition to all righteousness, in addition to the
feet of the gods, in addition to the roots, in addition to the powers, in
addition to the enlightenments, in addition to the eight branches of the holy
path, he did not see, did not watch, did not observe the first and most the most
victorious, the superior, the highest, the top method." Because he does not
regard other methods as the most victorious.

143. (Saying) I know, I see it like that, some people come back to purity
     through views,
What can he do if he sees it for himself? After walking too far, they say there
    is purity in other things (alt: 'they said nothing more'??).

"I know, I see it like that": ""I know", or with his mind I know, or with the
wisdom of his past dwellings. "I see", I see with the naked eye, or with the eye
of heaven. "It's like that." It's true, ...." I know, I see it like that.

"Some people return to views as pure": "Some Samana and Brahmins return to views
as pure, ...: "The world is constant, ...." Some people to return to seeing as
pure.

"If he sees, what he can do for himself": ""He sees", "or he saw with his mind,
or with the wisdom of the memory of the past lives, he saw with the naked eye,
or with the eye of heaven." If he sees. "For him, what can be done with that",
for him, with that seeing, what has been done? There is no knowledge of
suffering, no judgment, no practice of the way, testifying without results, no
giving up of greed, no giving up anger, no giving up delusion, no giving up all
kinds of pollution, and no breaking off of Samsara." Seeing, what can he do with
that.

"After going too far, they said that they were pure in other ways": "In addition
to staying in the four mindfulnesses, in addition to the righteousness, ...,
they crossed, traversed, and overcome the pure path, the clear path, and the
pure white path. After they said, told, ..., all-pure; detachment...." When they
go too far, they say there is purity in others.

Or, "After the Buddhas and the disciples of the Buddhas and the Bhikkhu Buddhas
have passed, crossed, and overcome the impure, unclear, unclean, non-pure, and
impure white paths of the outer path, they practiced four mindfulness, ..., to
inform, tell, ...." After being too far away, they say other things are pure.

144. People who see it, see name and form, and those who see it will know (just
     these),
Let him see more or less as he pleases; indeed, the skillful people do not say
    that that is pure.

"The one who sees, sees the name and form": "The one who sees, sees it, or with
his mind, or with the wisdom of the memories of the past lives, sees it with the
naked eye, or with the eyes of the heavens. He only sees the name and form as
constant, the happy, the true self, did not see the gathering, or extinction, or
pleasure, or trouble, or renunciation of those Dhamma." Those who see it, they
see the name and form.

"After seeing those, they will be known": ""After seeing", .... Those which are
known as constant, happy, true self, the gathering, disappearance, pleasure, or
trouble, or renunciation of those Dhamma, are known." Those who see it, know
(just these).

"Let him see more or less as he pleases": "When he sees more or less names and
forms as he pleases, it is constant, happy, and true." Allow him to see as he
pleases, more or less.

"Skillful ones do not say that it is pure": ""Skillful ones", ...(omitted, see
previous sections)..., or with the eyes of the heavens, do not speak, tell, ...:
seeing the name and form as pure, ...." It is true that those skillful people do
not say (it is) pure.

145. Obsessive critics are indeed those who are not easy to adjust: those who
     value the fixed view,
When it is declared that everyone who rests there is pure, the purist sees like
    that there.

"The obsessives are indeed those who are not easy to adjust (reconcile??)":
""The world is constant, ..." is the obsessives; the world is very permanent..."
"It is true that it is not easy to adjust." The obsessives are those who are
hard to adjust, hard to tell, hard to deliberate, hard to see, and hard to
understand. Those who are persistent are indeed those who are not easy to
adjust.

"Those who value the fixed view view": "Constructed, fixed view, contrived, and
shared views, and then acting after paying attention. Seeing as the flag, seeing
as the tower, seeing as an increase, be seen to follow." He is the one who
values the fixed view.

"When it is declared that everyone who depends on there is pure": ""Whoever
depends on", "dependence on the masters, Dhamma, ..., dependence, adherence,
falling into, fixes, and turns his heart towards (it)" is the one who depends
on. "There" in one's own view, in one's liking, in one's hobby, in one's own
opinion. "When it is (declared to be) pure" is a pure speaker, a wise speaker,
...." When it is declared that those who follow there are pure.

"The purist is there, he sees like that": ""Suddhivādo (??), the purist, the
ubiquitous purist, the clarifier, the ubiquitous purist. Or, the pure seer (of
views),the ubiquitous pure one who sees, one who sees purity, one who sees all
whiteness." This is a pure one (suddhiṃ vādo). "There", in one's own view, ...."
True, truthful, ...." He sees and understands." The purist who sees like that.

146. The Brahman does not come to constructions after consideration, he is not a
     traveler to see (views), nor a relative (kin) of wisdom,
And after he knew the general opinion of the mundane, he watched while others
    pick it up (grasp).

"Brahmins do not come to construction after consideration": "No" is negative.
"Brahman", .... "Construction", ...(omitted, see previous sections). After
consideration, it is called wisdom, .... "The Brahmin does not come to the
construction after consideration": "After the Brahman considers, after knowing,
.... All actions are impermanent... (omitted). He does not come to the
construction of desire or the construction of perception, not to arrive, not to
hold, not to take, not to cling." After considering, the Brahman does not come
to constructions.

"He is not a walker of seeing (views), nor a relative of wisdom": "For him, the
sixty-two evil views have been cut off, ..., and he is not carried away, taken
away, ..., does not return to that evil view as the core." He is not a walker of
seeing. "Nor is the kin of wisdom", not the eighth grade to the wisdom (??), or
the five powers of wisdom (??), establish, produce, arise, and produce lustful
kinship or kinship (??)." He is not a seer nor a kin of wisdom.

"And after he knows the general opinions of the commonplace": ""After knowing",
.... The general opinion is called the general opinion of sixty-two evil views.
"Common", "general opinions arising from ordinary people" are mundane, or
"general opinions arising from a wide range of people" are mundane." He knows
the common views of the mundane.

"He is watching and others are picking up": "Others are holding, taking, and
clinging because of their thirst and seeing; the Arahant looks on, does not
hold, does not take, and does not cling." He watches while others pick up.

147. After Muni left the bond here in the world, he was not a member of the
     group in the dispute that has arisen.
The silent person is calm among the non-silent people, and the person who does
    not pick up when others pick up.

"Muni is here in the world to leave behind the binding": ""Binding", there are
four types of binding: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Muni", .... "Here",
.... After Muni left the bond here in the world.

"Not entering the group in the disputes that have arisen": "In the disputes that
have arisen, have been born, have appeared, those who should not walk in the
desires, and those who are agitated should not walk among those, those who are
horrible should not behave, those who should not be idiotic, should not behave
if they don't want to, they should not behave if they don't take anger, they
should not behave if they are not afraid, a foolish person should not act, not
because of greed, not because of aversion, not because of ignorance, not because
of slowness, not because of seeing, not because of debauchery, and not because
of doubt, do not leave because of the potential trend of troubles, and will not
be driven, guided, carried, or conquered by discord and lawfulness (??)." To not
be a member of the group in the debate that has arisen.

"The silent one is peaceful among the non-silent": ""The silent one", ...
(omitted, see previous sections). "Among those who are not silent", in those who
are not silent, in those who are not still, in those who are not dying (??), in
those who are not cooling, in those who are not resting." Those who are silent,
among those who are not silent. "He is calm", the Arahant possesses six peaces:
after seeing the form with his eyes, he is neither happy nor sad but living in
peace, with thoughts and righteous knowledge; after hearing the sound with his
ears...(omitted); at death: He is the one who has been transferred (the Silent
One). He is calm among those who are not silent.

"Those who don't pick up, while others pick up": "Other people hold, ...because
of their thirst and seeing, and the Arahant looks on, ...." Those who do not
pick up while others pick up.

148. After abandoning previous troubles, not making new ones, those who do not
     reach desire or obsession (dogmatism),
He is a wise man who has freed himself from evil opinions, and does not
    contaminate or reprimand himself in the world.

"Abandon the previous troubles and do not make new ones": ""The previous
troubles are called the past sensation, perception, and consciousness. Regarding
the past actions that can cause pollution, those pollutions that can cause
pollution, after abandoning, after giving up, after giving up forever, after
driving away, after making the end, and making it go to non-existence." To
abandon the previous troubles. "Not make new ones", the new is called the
present form of sensation, perception, and consciousness. Action is the
non-author of desire, the non-author of love, and the non-author of greed; those
which are not allowed to be born, not to be produced, not to arise, and not to
be born." Not making new troubles after abandoning the previous ones.

"Neither the one who reaches desire nor the obsessed": ""He who doesn't go
because of want, ...(omitted)." Not reaching desire. "Nor the obsessed
(dogmatic)"," non-"The world is constant, this is true, ...(omitted)." The
obsessionist." Those who do not reach desire nor the obsessed.

"He is a wise man who has freed himself from evil views": "For him, the
sixty-two evil views have been cut off, .... The insight is free from bondage,
and he lives with the heart of being free from limitation. "The wise man", ...."
A wise man who has freed himself from evil opinions.

"To not contaminate yourself in the world, and not rebuke yourself":
""Adhesion", "There are two kinds of adhesion: .... For him, the adhesion of
thirsting has been cut off, ..., is not contaminated in the world of suffering,
is not contaminated in the world of humans, is not contaminated in the world of
heaven, is not contaminated in the world of aggregates, is not contaminated in
the world of world, and is not contaminated in the world of places; not strongly
contaminated, not closely contaminated, no longer contaminated, no longer
contaminated strongly, no longer contaminated closely. He has left, has
departed, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he dwelt with a
restrained heart." To not be contaminated in the world.

"To not rebuke yourself", rebuke yourself for two reasons: ...(omitted, see
previous sections). Those who do not author, do not make it born, do not be
produced, do not arise, do not rebuke themselves." Not to be contaminated in the
world and not to scold yourself.

149. He is a person who has left the legion in all dhammas: everything seen or
     heard,
The Muni's burden has been relieved and he does not come to construction, does
not stop, and does not have desire. [Like this, the Lord (said).]

"He is the one who has left the legion in all laws: whatever he sees or hears
and perceives": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"The burden of that Muni has been relieved and liberated": ""Burden", there are
three kinds of burdens: the burden of the aggregate, the burden of pollution,
and the burden of creation. What is the burden of the aggregate? The resulting
form, feeling, thought, behavior, and consciousness, this is the burden of
khandha (??). What is the burden of pollution? Greed, hatred, ignorance...
(omitted), all unwholesome actions are the burden of pollution. What is the
burden of creation? Blessing, non-blessing, immobility, this is the burden of
creation. Because the burden of the aggregate, the burden of pollution, and the
burden of creation are cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm
tree without roots, it becomes a non-existent thing, a non-living thing in the
future, it is called the burden being discharged, the burden has fallen, the
burden has been removed, the burden has completely fallen, the burden has been
lowered, and the burden has ceased.

"Muni", ....

"Freed", Muni's mind has been freed from greed, liberated, and freed from
kindness (good relief??); the heart has been freed from anger..., the mind has
been freed from delusion..., (abbreviated) the mind is freed from all bad
practices, kindness and relief." The burden for Muni has been relieved.

"It is the one who does not construct, the one who does not stop, the one who
does not hope [Like this, the Blessed One (said)]": ""Construction", there are
two kinds of construction: .... "The one who does not stop", all ignorant
ordinary people, they are infected, the good ordinary people, including the
seven kinds of learning, which should be obtained but not, those which should
have been reached but not, they should testify but those who have not testified
stay away, abstain, and avoid. The Arahant has been separated, has abstained,
has given up, has left, has departed, has been freed, has been separated from
the bondage, and he lives with the heart of separation and limitation." The one
who does not construct and does not stop." Those who do not wish", wishing is
called thirst, it is greed, ..., bad roots. For him who desires, cravings are
cut off, ..., he is called the undesiring.

"Blessed One", ...(omitted, see previous sections). "For the non-constructor,
the non-stop, the non-seeking. [Like this the Blessed One (said)].
