## Cross-Shore Road

> Namo Tassa Bhagavatho Arahatho Sammasambuddhassa
> (Honor the Blessed One, the Arahant, the Enlightened One)

### Preamble

1. From the South Road to the delightful city of Kansaro, (Kosala?)
Desire to have no owner: Brahmin who knows the Vedas.

2. In the realm of Assaka, Alaka, between the two countries,
Godavari lived on the banks of the Wudawali River begging and picking fruit.

3. Where he sheltered, there was a large village,
from which he gave large alms. (OR great sacrifice?)

4. He returned to his thatched house with the alms (OR after the sacrifice?),
and when he entered again, another Brahmin came.

5. Worn feet, thirsty, dirty teeth, dusty head,
He went to see him, begging for five hundred [money].

6. When Bawali saw him, he invited him to sit down,
asked if he was well and peaceful, and said:

7. With all of my work, I've spent everything,
You know I do not have five hundred [money].

8. ??  If you beg for me, the teacher won't follow along, (if the begging of me is not accompanied by His Master; The other said, I have been begging from the garden)
On the seventh day, your head will split into seven pieces.

9. After the scammer contrived, he declared that it was terrible,
After he heard his words, Bawali became anguished.

10. He became thin from lack of eating: like one pierced by an arrow,
Those who have such hearts, their minds are not happy in meditation.

11. Seeing him so afflicted, a god who wanted to benefit [him],
came to see Bawali and said:

12. This scammer who asks for money does not know the head,
nor about head-splitting, this is not known by him.

13. Bawali: If that is the case, if you know, please tell me when asked,
about the head and head-splitting, let me hear your words.

14. The god: Neither do I know this, it is not known by my wisdom,
only the wise ones know about head-splitting.

15. Bawali: If that is the case, he who on this earth knows,
about the head and head-splitting: please tell me about him!

16. The god: A former monk from Kapilavas, the teacher of the world,
son of the Shakyas, he who brings light,

17. His Dhamma has reached the other side, gone beyond all doctrines,
a Brahman Buddha with great wisdom and power, knowledge of all dhamma,
freed from corruption, the liberated one who adheres to extinction.

18. He is the Buddha, respected by the world, who teaches the Dhamma to the world,
Come to him and ask, he will explain to you.

19. When hearing the words "Enlightened One", Bawali was pleased.
His sorrow was lessened, his joy was great.

20. Happy, enthusiastic, and joyful, Bawali asked the god:
In which village or town or place,
can you see after walking there, the enlightened person, the highest biped?

21. The god: In the at the palace of King Kosol in Savath, (Sravasti), is the conqueror, the wise man,
The Sakyamuni, who is incomparable, trouble-free, the unattached, king of men.

22. Then the Brahmin summoned his disciples, Brahmins who knew the Vedas:
Students! Come! I will tell you, please listen to my words.

23. One rare to see,
Now he arises in the world, he is known as the Enlightened One,
Make haste to Savath to see this greatest of bipeds.

24. Students: And how will we know the Brahmin, the Buddha?
Tell those of us who do not know how we can know him.

25. Bawali: He was described in the Vedas,
Thirty-two marks are fully described in order.

26. For those who have these in their body,
although he may have great features, he has two interesting points,
and the third has not been discovered.

27. If he lives at home, after conquering this land,
With no stick and no sword, and teaches the commandment by law.

28. But if he becomes a homeless person,
He became the one who lifted the veil, the enlightened one, and the supreme Arahat.

29. Lineage, surname, characteristics, Vedas, disciples, and more,
About the head and head-splitting: Please ask only with your heart (in your mind).

30. If he is the Buddha, the unobstructed seer,
When you ask with your heart, he will answer in words.

31. After hearing Bawali's words, sixteen Brahmin disciples,
Ajita, Dishe Maitreya, FulouNage and Maitreya.

32. As well as Dudag, Ubosi, Nanda and Black Marg,
Du Diaoya and Ge Bo, and the virtuous Ruo Du Gengni.

33. As well as Bodo Uda, Udhya, and Psala Brahmin,
The clever Mo'eqiang, with the great immortal Binqiya.

34. All have disciples or followers (lords), famous people in the world,
meditators, meditation-loving, sturdy, and past practitioner.

35. After asking Bawali, they rose, circled him to the right,
put on their sheepskins, and left to the north.

TODO: check these three verses out in SN, this translation doesn't make any sense.
36. Malago's sowing down Danan, and then Maxi looks low in front,
Youchanni and Gonada are majestic and are called Wannase.

37. Respond to Mi and Shajiduo, and the highest city of Sravasti,
Thank you Da Biya, Gebi La Wa Du, and Kusina Palace.

38. Popo and Fortune City, Ooseli, Magaduo City,
and Pashna Gata Temple: It is pleasant and pleasant.

39. As cool water is to a thirsty person, as a great profit is to a businessman,
Like the shade of the sun to those oppressed by heat, they hurried up the mountain.

40. At that time, the Blessed One was arranged in front of the Bhikkhu Sangha,
teaching the Dhamma, like a lion roaring in the forest.

41. Ajita saw the Buddha: like the sun woven by light,
Like the moon on the fifteenth day reaching its fullness.

42. Having seen the Buddha and his complete features,
He stood to the side and ask questions in his mind:

43. Please tell us about the birth of our teacher, please tell us his surname and characteristics,
Please tell me the highest of the Vedas, how many [students] does the Brahman teach?

44. His life is 120 years old, his surname is Bawali,
He has three characteristics in his body, and he is one who knows the Three Vedas.

45. In terms of characteristics and ancient legends, including vocabulary and rituals,
He taught five hundred people and achieved perfection in his teaching.

46. Lord, our thirst is quenched,
Tell us of Bawali's features so that we can have no doubts.

47. He has a face-covering tongue,
white tuft of hair between the eyebrows, his male organ is sheathed.

48. On hearing the answer without having heard the question,
Religious joy arose in the Sangha, and hands together, everyone thought:

49. Which deity or Brahma, or even emperor,
Who asks questions with in heart? Who does he answer?

50. Ajita: Bawali asked: about the head and head-splitting,
Please answer him, Noble One! For the removal of our doubts.

51. The Buddha: Ignorance is the "head", and that the head is split:
those who combine faith, thoughts, and concentration with desire and vitality.

52. The student Brahmins, strengthened with religious feelings,
Dropped with their heads to his feet.

53. Master Bawali Brahmin, together with his disciples,
happy, and respectful, we bow to your feet.

54. Bawali Brahmin and his students;
may the Brahmin be healed. May you too be healed and live long.

55. Bawali's doubts or yours, the doubts of all,
have been allowed, please ask whatever you want.

56. With the permission of the Enlightened One, they sat down and pressed their palms together,
And Ajita asked his first question of the Tathagata.
