### 1. Explanations asked by the Brahmin from the student Ajita

1. Ajita: What is the world surrounded by? Because of what does it not shine?
   Why do you say that it's dying? What is its great horror?

Buddha: "What is the world surrounded by": ""the world", the world of hell, the
animal world, the world of evil spirits, the world of mankind, the world of
heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realm, the world of living, this
world, other worlds, the Brahma world, the heavenly world, this is called the
world. This world is covered, covered, obscured, closed, hidden." This is what
the world is covered by.

Venerable Ajita, like this: "Like this", the continuation of sentences; the
connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words;
the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this"
"Venerable", this is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience. It is
"Venerable." "Ajita", the name, name, title, security, common name, name,
Naming, appellation, words, phrases, appellations." It is [Venerable Ajita like
this].

"Because of not shining": "For what is not shining, not illuminating, not
bright, not being known." Why is it not shining?

"What do you mean by its dying": "What is the world's adhesion, binding, and
defilement? Because of what world is contaminated, strongly contaminated,
closely contaminated (polluted), smeared, mixed, attached, fixed, obstructed,
you say, you explain, you teach, you inform, you build, you uncover, you
analyze, you clarify, you explain." This is why it is said it is dying.

"What is this great horror": "What is the world's horror, great terror,
oppression, attack, scourge, and disaster." Why is it its great terror?

2. [World Honored One: "Ajita!"] The world is surrounded by ignorance, because it is
   stingy and unrestrained. I said that craving is [its] ending, and suffering
   is its great horror.

"The world is enveloped by ignorance": ""Ignorance", ignorance of suffering,
ignorance of the path leading to suffering, ignorance of the past, The ignorance
of the future, the ignorance of the past and the future, the ignorance of the
specific conditionality and the conditioned-arising Dhamma, all such ignorance,
invisible, unobserved, unconscious, unenlightened, impassable, unconscious,
unexplored, incorrect view, uninspected, incorrectly seen, inferior wisdom,
unrighteous knowledge, obsession, violent currents of ignorance, yoke of
ignorance, ignorance of the underlying tendency of worry, the entanglement of
ignorance, the fence of ignorance, and the root of ignorance are called
ignorance.

"Worlds": the world of hell, the animal world, the world of evil spirits, the
world of human beings, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world
of realms, the world of being, this world, other worlds, the world of Brahma.
The world of heaven which is called the world. This world is enveloped, covered,
obscured, closed, hidden, covered by this ignorance. It means the world is
surrounded by ignorance.

"Ajita": The Blessed One calls the Brahman by his name. "The Blessed One" is
synonymous with respect. In addition, the "Greed Breaker" is the Blessed One;
the "Sickness Destroyer" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the slow
(conceit??)" is the Blessed one; "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the
Blessed one; the "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed one; the
"the one who has broken down, analyzes, and distinguishes the magic weapon" is
Blessed One; "the one who has ended" is the Blessed One; "the one who has
practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed one;
or "the Blessed one is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings
(sitting place): The one who is speaks less, is quiet, away from the human
atmosphere, living alone, and suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or
"The Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of
patients, and medical necessities" is the Blessed One; Or "The Blessed One is
the one who has the taste of righteousness, the taste of Dhamma, the taste of
liberation, the increased precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the
world-blessed one; or "The Blessed One is the four kinds of Zen, the four
immeasurables, the four colorlessness, etc. The one who divides is the Blessed
One; or the Blessed One is the one who has the eighth liberation, the eight
victories, the ninth dwelling place, etc., the Blessed One; or the Blessed One
is the practice of ten thoughts, [ten] all places to wait, in and out of breath.
?? The one who is the one who waits, the one who is not clean and the one who is
to ?? be divided is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One is a divided one of the
four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four divine bases (iddhipada), the
five faculties, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight
branches of the holy path. Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is Ten Tathagata,
Four Fearlessness, Four Unobstructed Solutions, Six supernatural powers and the
six enlightenment methods is the world-blessed one. "World Honored One", this
name is not given by mother; not given by father; not given by brothers; not
given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by
Samana or Brahman. What is given; what is not given by heaven is ultimate
liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of
the Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom,
that is, the Blessed One. "Is [Buddha: "Ajita"].

"Because of being stingy, letting go is not shining": Being stingy is the five
kinds of stinginess: [right] living stinginess, household stinginess, gaining
stinginess, praise stinginess, law stinginess, everything like this stingy,
stingy state, greed, heart clenched state, this is called stingy. In addition,
the accumulation of stinginess is also stingy; ?? the world's stingy is also
stingy; being stingy is also the opinion of stingy, this is called stingy. In
evil deeds of the body, or in evil deeds of speech, or in evil deeds of
intention, or in the five desires, letting go can be turned away, the heart's
abandonment does not arise, or the practice of good Dhamma is not respectful.
The state of impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the state of being
stuck to the habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting
responsibility, not practicing, not practicing much, not establishing,
relaxation. Anything like this state of letting go, this is called relaxation.
"Because of being stingy, letting go does not shine": "The world is not shining,
not illuminating, not bright, not being known because of this being stingy. Not
shining."

"I say that enthusiasm is its dying": "Aspiration is called craving, that is
greed, lust, acquiescence, conformity, joy, desire, obsession, taking,
contaminated, disturbance, fraud, [reincarnation] root cause, [bitter]
fertility, tailoring (greed), net, river, bondage, rope, attachment,
accumulation, companionship, desire, intimate interaction, forest, jungle, love,
expectation, relationship, desire for sex, desire for sounds, desire for smells,
desire for tastes, desire for touches, desire for acquisition, desire for
wealth, desire for sons, desire for life, the state of desire, hope, prayer,
greedy appearance, possessing greed, inquiring for profit,  illegal greed,
improper greed, hope, envy, desire for desire, desire for some, desire for
nothingness, desire for sex, colorless thirst, extinguished thirst, erotic
thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst, dhamma thirst,
torrent, yoke (binding), binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, covering,
defilements, potential trends of troubles, entanglement, vines, stinginess,
suffering roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering, magical nets,
magical hooks, magical food, the realm of the devil, the residence of the devil,
the state of the devil, the bondage of the devil, the river of thirst, the net
of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst, craving, greed, and the root
of unwholesomeness. This is called desire. Adhesion to the world, binding, and
defilement, because of this desire the world is contaminated, polluted, closely
contaminated, strongly contaminated, smeared, mixed, adhered, defiled,
obstructed, I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I
clarify, I explain." So I say that for desire it is dying.

"Suffering is its great horror": "Suffering": suffering from birth, suffering
from old age, suffering from illness, suffering from death, suffering from
sorrow, suffering from despair, suffering from hell, the suffering of the animal
world, suffering from evil spirits, suffering from human beings, the root cause
of suffering. The suffering of entering the womb, the suffering of living in the
womb, the suffering of birth, the suffering of the living being dependent, the
suffering of the living being manipulated by others, the suffering of their own
actions, the suffering from the actions of others, bitterness, diseases of the
eye, ear, nose, tongue, body, head, external ear, mouth, tooth, cough, asthma,
external nose disease, fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, dysentery,
abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy,
scabies, wind, scratches (a type of leprosy), dry skin, hemorrhoids, diabetes,
rash (boils and blisters), ulcers, diseases caused by gall bladder, diseases
caused by sputum, diseases caused by wind, diseases caused by [three] collective
diseases, diseases caused by changing seasons, and from improper posture, sudden
illnesses, illnesses born from the results of kamma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst,
feces, urine, mosquitoes, wind-scorching snakes, suffering from dead mothers,
suffering from dead fathers, from dead brothers, dead sisters, dead children,
the dead daughters, the suffering of relatives' loss, the suffering of the loss
of wealth, the suffering of the loss of disease, the suffering of the decline of
precept, the suffering of the decline of seeing. For all Dhamma, from the
beginning, it was known; from extinction, to extinction, it was known, the
retribution is based on kamma; kamma is based on kamma, form is based on name;
name is based on form. Those who are followed by birth, accompanied by birth,
followed by old, conquered by disease, struck by death, sheltered in suffering,
no shelter, no return, and no refuge are called suffering. This suffering is the
world's terror, great terror, oppression, blow, evil, and disaster. Suffering is
its great horror.

3. [Venerable Ajita like this:] The streams flow out everywhere, what protects
   the streams? Please talk about the self-control of the streams, how are the
   streams closed?

"The currents flow everywhere": ""The currents", the flow of thirst, the flow of
seeing, the flow of pollution, the flow of evil deeds, and the flow of
ignorance. "Everywhere", in all places. "Flow", currents, streams. From the eyes
to the colors, flow; from the ears to the sounds... from the nose to the
smells... from the tongue to the tastes... from the body to the touches... from
intentions, flows, flows out, and circulates. The cravings flowing from the eyes
to the color, flowing from the ears to the sound; the cravings flowing from the
nose to the smell... the cravings flowing from the tongue to the taste... the
craving flows from the body to the touch... the craving from the intentional
Dhamma flows. It's all streams flowing everywhere.

"[Like this Venerable Ajita]": ""Like this", the continuation of the
sentence... (Omitted) this is the order of the sentence, "Like this"...
(Omitted)" is [Like this Venerable Ajita].

"What is the protection of the currents": "What is the protection of the
currents: Self-control, guarding, and protection." This is the protection of the
currents.

"Please talk about the self-control of the streams": "The shelter of the
streams, self-control, protection please explain, please teach, please inform,
please establish, please uncover, please parse, please clarify." We ask you to
talk about the self-control of the streams.

"What are the currents closed by?": "How are the currents closed or cut off?
When they do not flow." This is what the streams are closed by.

4. [Buddha: "Ajita!"] All the currents in the world, mind is their protection,
I said the self-control of the various streams, these were closed by wisdom.

"All the streams in the world": "All these streams that I told about, explained,
taught, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, and which were explained,
namely: the flows of desire, sight, pollution, evil deeds, and ignorance. "In
the world", in the world of suffering, the world of mankind, the world of
heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places. For
all currents in the world. "Ajita": The Blessed One called the Brahman by his
name.

"Mindfulness is their protection": ""Mindfulness", common mindfulness, random
mindfulness, remembrance, mindfulness of mindfulness, memorization,
non-floating, non-forgetfulness, power, thought support, the road without forks,
this is called mind. "Protection", cover, self-control, guard." Mind is their
protection.

"I speak of the self-control of the streams": "The shelter of the streams,
self-control, guarding, protection, I say, I explain... (omitted) I clarify, I
explain." Stream of self-control.

"These are closed by wisdom": "Wisdom", that is wisdom, knowledge and
understanding... (abbreviated), no delusion, choice of law, right view. "These
are closed by wisdom": "These flows are closed and cut off by wisdom. They do
not flow, and do not flow out. "All actions are impermanent." When the are known
and seen, these flows are closed and cut by wisdom. They do not flow, do not
circulate; "all deeds are suffering" when known and seen, these flows are closed
and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not circulate; "All deeds are
selfless" when known and seen, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom,
they do not flow; "doing with ignorance as a condition" When known and seen,
these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not
circulate; "Knowledge is based on behavioral conditions"... (abbreviated)
"Knowledge is a condition and there is name and form"..." There are six places
due to condition"..."There is touch with the six places as the condition"..."The
feeling is due to the contact"..."There is thirst with the feeling"..."With the
thirst as the condition There is taking"..."Taking as a condition for
existence"..."With being as a condition for living"..."With life as a condition
for being old" When known and seen, these flows are closed and cut off by
wisdom, they do not flow, do not circulate; "destroy with ignorance
disappearing"..."destroying with deeds"..."destroying with consciousness and
color"..."with name and form Extinguish and extinction in six
places"..."Extinction in six places"..."Extinction by contact"..."Extinction
with thirst"..."Extinction with thirst and love"... "Take and extinguish, there
will be extinguished"..."Birth and death with existence and decay"..."Birth and
death to grow old and die." When known and seen, these flows are closed and cut
off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow out; "This is suffering" is the
rendezvous, after seeing the Dhamma; "This is the aggregation of suffering"...
"This is the cessation of suffering"... "This is the path leading to the
cessation suffering". When it is known and seen, these flows are closed and cut
off by wisdom, they do not flow do not circulate; "These dhammas are
defilements"... "These dhammas are defilement aggregates"... "This is
defilement" ... "This is the path leading to defilements" Known and seen, these
flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow; "These Dhamma should
be known"..." "This Dhamma should be widely known"... "This Dhamma should be cut
off"... "This Dhamma should be practiced"... "This Dhamma should be testified",
when known and seen, these flows are closed by wisdom, cut off, they do not
flow; the gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and detachment of the six
touch points, when known and seen, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom,
they do not flow; the gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and separation
of the five aggregates, when you know and see...the gathering, extinction, and
happiness of the four major types, taste, trouble, renunciation, when knowing,
seeing... "Any concentration is extinguishing" When knowing and seeing, these
flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow, do not
flow, do not circulation. "Being closed by wisdom."

5. [Venerable Ajita like this:] Wisdom and mind, and name and form, dear sir!
When I asked about this, please tell me, where is this destroyed?

"Wisdom and mind": ""Wisdom", that is being wise, understanding, simple selection,
investigation, discernment, recognition, discrimination, close observation,
inspectoin, learned virtuous wisdom, proficiency, cleverness, study, reflection,
review, contemplation, examination, general comprehensive wisdom, Vipassana,
Right Knowledge, Sting Rod, Wisdom Root, Wisdom Sword, Wisdom Palace, Wisdom
Bright, Wisdom Light, Wisdom Light, No Deception, Choosing Dhamma , Right view.
"Mind", common mind, free mind... (omitted) mindfulness." It is [Venerable
Ajita like this:] Wisdom and Mind.

"And name and form, dear sir": ""Name" is the four formless aggregates. "Form"
is the form created by the four big and four big ones. "Dear Sir", "This is a
language of love, honorific, respectful and obedient language. "For my dear sir.
"Well, name and form, dear sir.

"When you are asked about this, please tell me": ""I...this", everything I ask;
everything I beg; everything I ask for; everything that makes me clear. "When
asked", when being questioned; when being begged; when being requested; when
being made clear. "Please tell", please explain, please teach, please inform,
please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify." Please tell
me when I asked about this.

"Where is this destroyed": "Where is this extinguished, calmed down, walked to
non-existence, ceased." For where this is destroyed.

6. Whenever you ask this question, Ajita! I will tell you, where name and form
are destroyed without any remaining: With the extinguishing of consciousness,
they are destroyed.

"Where the question is asked": ""Where this" is wisdom, mind, name and form.
"Ask", you ask; what you beg for; you ask; make you clear." Where to ask this
question.

"Ajita! I will tell you that": ""Ajita", the Buddha calls that Brahman by his
name. "That" is wisdom, mind, name and form. "I tell", I explain, I teach, I
inform, I build, I uncover, I parse, I clarify, I explain." Ajita! I'll yell
you that.

"Where name and form are destroyed without remainder": ""Name" is the four
colorless aggregates. "Form" is the form created by the four great and four
great things. "Without remainder", completely, without surplus, and the whole
earth. This is the meaning of "without remainder". "Destroyed", destroyed,
calmed down, walked to non-existence, ceased." For name and form in the place,
there is nothing left to be destroyed.

"The destruction of consciousness, here it is destroyed": "The destruction of
consciousness through the wisdom of the, except for the seven beings, all names
and forms that can arise in the endless cycle of rebirth are here annihilated,
calmed down, gone to non-existence, and ceased. Through the way of wisdom, to
create the annihilation of consciousness, except for the two beings, all the
names and forms that can arise in the five and five beings are here are
destroyed, calmed down, come to non-existence, ceased. Through the non-return of
wisdom, to create the destruction of consciousness, except for one existence,
all the names and forms that can arise in the physical and non-material realms
are here annihilated, calmed down, walked to non-existence, and ceased. The
Arahant passes through the non-remaining Nibbana realm to extinguish the final
consciousness at the time of nibbana. Wisdom, mindfulness, name, and form are
all destroyed and calmed here. Come down, go to non-existence, cease." This is
the destruction of consciousness, where this is destroyed.

7. Those who know the Dhamma, and everyone learning here, When I ask the wise
about their behavior, dear sir! Please tell me. [SN.12.31]

"Those know know the Dhamma": Those who perceive the Dhamma are called Arahants,
those who have exhausted their troubles. For what reason is the enlightened
person called an Arahant, a person who has exhausted his troubles? They are the
perceivers of the Dhamma, the knowers of the Dhamma, the measurers of the
Dhamma, the judges of the Dhamma, the clear ones. "All actions are impermanent",
the perceiver of the Dhamma, the knower of the Dhamma, the weigher of the
Dhamma, the judge of the Dhamma; the observation of the Dhamma "all actions are
suffering" The enlightened person... (abbreviated) The enlightened person of the
Dhamma of "all action is no-self"... the enlightened person of the Dhamma of
"action based on ignorance"... the Dhamma of "all dhammas are extinguished" The
one who perceives the Dhamma, the one who knows the Dhamma, the one who judges
the Dhamma, the one who understands the Dhamma. Or, to them, it is the
enlightened person of the aggregate, the enlightened person of the realm, the
enlightened person of the place, the enlightened person of interest, the
enlightened person of rebirth, the enlightened person of rebirth, the
reincarnation of the perceiver, the reincarnation of the perceiver. Or, they are
the inhabitants of the ultimate (boundary), the ultimate in the world, the
ultimate in the place, the ultimate in the place of interest, the ultimate in
the rebirth, the Those who live the ultimate, those who have the ultimate, those
who are the ultimate in rebirth, those who are the ultimate in the cycle, the
Arahant who holds the last body.

"[In the uncountable tribulations, they are the ones who gain the body,] This is
their last, final body.

The reincarnation of life and death, without them there will be (rebirth).
"[Thag.202]

For this reason, the enlightened person is called an Arahant, a person who has
exhausted his troubles. "Those who knowthe Dhamma, and everyone learning here":
"There is learning", for what reason are they said to be learning? "They learn",
hence learning. And what do they learn? The learn to quit learning (they learn
to add to school???), they also learn to benefit the mind, and they also learn
to increase wisdom.

What is meant by "to add to school"? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives
in the protection of self-control of the Polo Timucha. He has sufficient
righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns
after being upheld in the school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept
aggregates are the foundation of abstinence, the [self] inhibition of behavior,
the entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dhamma, etc., this is to
increase precept learning.

What is meant by "to learn more"? Here, the bhikkhu starts from the desire to
escape... (omittted) the first jhana... the second jhana... the third jhana...
after entering, he lives in the fourth jhana [neither suffering or joyous, from
calm and chanting], this is "to learn more".

What is Zeng Shanghui learn (Sosamu Hui Learn)? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise
person, possessing the wisdom of arising and passing away; the holy, insight,
and the complete extinction of suffering is [the wisdom], he truthfully knows
"This is suffering. ...(omitted) This is a hard work. "... "This is the path
that leads to suffering. "... "These are troubles. "... "This is the set of
troubles. "... "This is annoyance. "To know the truth: "This is the path leading
to troubles. This is the addition of wisdom. These three learnings, they learn
when they face (note); they learn when they know; they learn when they see [;
when they learn when introspection]; they learn when the mind is established
(decision); they learn when faith prevails; They learn with vigor and hard work;
when mindfulness arises, they learn; when mind is set (focused) they learn; when
wisdom is learned, they learn; when they are proved to be known, they learn;
They learn when they are omniscient; they learn through renunciation; they learn
when they are practised; they practice well, and sustain when they are
testified. Then they turned around. For this reason they are called learning.
"Everyone" is many. These learned practitioners are Sudhavana, Sturhana,
Anahama, and Arahant. "Here", in this view, in this liking, in this hobby, in
this proposition, in this Dhamma, in this teaching, in this practice, In the
teachings of the Master, in this individual, in this human world." Everyone
learns here.

"When the wise are asked about their behavior, my dear sir! Please tell me":
"You are the wise and enlightened. Those who know the Dhamma and learned the
behavior, conduct, practice, travel, residing, and path. "Are asked", being
questioned; begging, being inquired of; make it clear. "Please tell": please
explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please
analyze, please clarify. "Dear Sir", This is the language of love, honor,
respect, and obedience. "For my dear sir." When the wise are asked about their
behavior, dear sir! Please tell me.

8. You should not be greedy in desire, and your mind should not be muddy, this
   is a skillful person of all dhammas, and the bhikkhu should march mindfully.

"Should not be greedy in desire": "Desire", there are two kinds of desires from
the eulogy (from praise???): the desire for things and the desire for pollution.
What are the desires for things? Desirable sight, sound, smell, taste, touch,
bedding, clothing, maidservants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants,
cows, horses, mules, horses, fields, houses, gold, gold coins, villages and
towns, capitals, countries, territories, treasuries, warehouses, everything that
can be tainted by greed is the desire for things.

In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal
desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires,
medium desires, superior desires, desires in the suffering world, and human
desires. Heaven's desire, existing desire, created desire, uncreated desire,
created desire by others, possessed desire, unoccupied desire, cherished desire,
the desires that are not cherished, the desires of all the worlds of desire, the
desires of all the worlds of physicality, all the desires of the world of
non-material worlds, rely on thirst and desire for love, so that people want
righteousness; greed and righteousness; the desire to be intoxicated by
righteousness and happiness is called the desire for things.

What is the desire for defilement? The desire for desire, the desire for greed,
the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire for lust, the
desire for intention, the joy of desire, love obsession, desire, the binding
yoke of desire, attachment, the desire for cover (protection?).

"Seeing those roots of desire, wanting to be produced by thought (intention), I
will not think of them, so desire will not exist. "[Jat.8.421]

These are called polluting desires.. Craving thirst, attachment, it is greed,
lust... (abbreviated) unwholesome roots. "Should not be greedy in desire": "The
desire to pollute should not be greedy or obstructed in the desire of things. It
should be separated from the greedy, and those who have excluded greed, have
been freed from greed, have renounced greed, have no greed, have eliminated
greed, those who have attained the cessation of greed, have no hunger and
thirst, those who have extinguished, have become cool, and feel joy,, should
live as a brahman. "Because we should not be greedy in desire."

"Mind should not be muddy": "meaing": all the heart, mind, heart (dirty), white
(clean), meaning, intentions, consciousness, corresponding to that
consciousness. With evil acts of the body, the mind becomes turbid, agitated,
moving, impacting, volatile, fluctuating, rotating, and restless; acting evil
with words... (omitted) acting evil with intention... with greed...
Affliction...with ignorance...with anger...with resentment...to hide evil...with
domineering...with jealousy...with stinginess...with hypocrisy...with
cunning...with stubbornness...with passion...with conceit... with arrogance...
with letting go... with all pollution... with all evil deeds... with all
troubles... with all heat... With all the heat (suffering)... The unwholesome
mind turbid, agitated, volatile, fluctuating, rotating, and restless. "The mind
should not be muddy": "The mind should not be cloudy: not disturbed, not shaken,
not moved, not rotated, calmed down, and all pollution should be abandoned. It
should be abandoned, it should be discarded, it should be driven away, it should
be ended, it should be made to cease to exist. It should be separated from
muddiness and pollution, quashed, abstained, separated, left, liberated. He is
free from bondage, he should live with a heart free from restriction." The mind
should not be muddy.

"This is a skillful person of all the Dhamma": "All actions are impermanent"
knows the one skillful in all the Dhamma; "All actions are suffering"; ... "all
actions are without self" is the goodness of the Dhamma. The person skillful in
all dhammas knows that "ignorance is the cause of all deeds".

Or [seen as] and impermanent skillful person for the good of all dhammas; it is
suffering... (omitted) it is disease... it is the tumor... it is the arrow...
the curse... the other side (??)... corruption... disaster... movable...
perishable...unstable... it is no refuge... is miserable... the root of
misfortune... hypocritical... empty... selfless... it is the law of
impermancence... the murderer... promising... bait... is life... the old method
(or lit. law??)...  the method of sorrow and despair, of pollution, the
pleasure... the extinction... the trouble..., a good man who renounces for the
skillfulness of all dhammas.

Or, the person skillful with the aggregates, ...of the would, ...of the place,
...with dependendent origination, of mindfulness, righteousness, the gods, ...of
the root, of power, of consciousness, of support, of the Path, of the Fruit, of
Nibbana; this is also a person skillful in all the Dhamma.

Or, all dhamma is called the twelve places: eyes and colors, ears and sounds,
nose and smell, tongue and taste, body and touch, mind and dhamma, and because
of desire and greed in the inner and outer parts of oneself being cut off, the
roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming a
non-existent, non-living thing for the future. This situation is also a skillful
person of all the Dhamma. "Being a skilful person in all laws."

"Bhikkhus should march mindfully": "mindfully" in four ways: when practicing
mindfulness on the body, when practicing mindfulness on receiving, when watching
the mind in the heart, when the practice is in line with the teachings, it is
mindful.

And again in four ways: the state of avoiding non-mind, the state of the Dhamma
that should be done to the mind, the state of the Dhamma that is obstructed by
the mind, the state of the mindfulness factor (phase) not being forgotton.

And again in four ways: to the state of mind, the state of mindfulness is
mindful, the proficiency of being mindful, the state of mindfulness not falling.

And again in four ways: with the state of being mindful as the object of
mindfulness, the quiet state as the object, the calm state as the object, the
state of silence; the recollection of the Buddha, the recollection of the
Dhamma, the recollection of the Sangha, the precepts, the alms, the day of the
mind (mind of the sky?); mindfulness of the in and out breath, of death, of the
body, of silence; all mindfulness, free-mindfulness... the path without a fork
are called mindfulness. Having been fully possessed, reaching fully, posessing,
arriving, with this thought, he is called mindful. "Bhikkhu", he who destroyed
the state of the seven dhammas (?? defilements ??) is called Bhikku; seeing is
destryoed, suspicion is destroyed, prohibition... greed... anger... delusion...
sloth...  those evil and unwholesome dhammas are destroyed: shunning pollution
(defilement), the others, the fear, the bitter fruit, the future will live and
die (??).

The Blessed One [Sn.3.6, 519]:

"By his own practice, to Nibbana, transcending skeptics, After abandoning
nothingness and existence, the one who has been completed, the one who is
extinct, he is a Bhikkhu."

"Bhikkhus should march mindfully": "Bhikkhus should proceed mindfully, walk
mindfully, stand mindfully, sit down mindfully, lie down mindfully, go forward
mindfully, step back... look forward... observe... bend... straighten...,  hold
coats, bowls, and clothes mindfully, walk and live mindfully, act, turn, guard,
survive. For the monk, he should march with mindfulness.

---

At the end of the verse, for those who live with the same intention, same
endeavor, same intention, and same dwelling place as the Brahman, the distant
dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any collection of
dhammas is extinction." The mind of a Brahmin is free from all defilements by
not clinging. Along with reaching the realm of Arahant, sheepskin clothing,
knotted hair, bark clothing, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair and beards
disappeared, becoming bald, replaced with robes, cloth clothes, overcoats,
bowls, and clothes. They show respect to the Blessed One and sit down: "Great
Virtue! The Blessed One is my teacher and I am a disciple."
