## 3

2. Questions asked by Brahmin students

9. [Like this, Low She Venerable Maitreya:]  Who in the world is contented? For whom is
there no wavering? Who will not be contaminated (persuaded??) in the middle after considering
both sides? Who do you say is a "big man"? Who here surpassed the tailor? (??)

"Who here in the world is contented": "Who is the contented person,
the satisfied person, one whose intentions are complete?"
world?" This is what is meant by "who in the world is contented".

"[Like this]": ""Like this", the continuation of the
sentences; the connection of the words; the completion of the sentences; the
combination of words; this is the order of the
sentence, which is "like this". "Venerable", this is a synonym of love, respect,
and obedience. It is "Venerable." "Low She", the name, name, title,
security of the brahmin, titles, words, phrases.
"She Maitreya", the Brahman's surname, name, title, and common
name." So:[Like this Venerable Low She Maitreya].

"For whom there is no wavering": "The wavering of love, the wavering of sight,
the wavering of sloth, the wavering of pollution, the wavering of desire, for
whom these waverings do not exist, are not known, have been cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." For
whom there is no wavering.

"Who has tested both sides": "Who is, after testing knowledge
on both sides, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying." Who has tested both sides.

"After consideration, there will be no contamination in the middle": "After
consideration, is not contaminated in the middle, no longer contaminated, no
close contaminants. He has been separated, has left, has been
freed, has been liberated from the bondage, and he has departed, and dwelt
without a restrained heart." After consideration, there is no contamination in
the middle.

"Who do you say is a "big man"": "A big man is "the highest person, the most
victorious person, the winner, the first, the top." Who do you say, Who are you
telling, who are you talking about." Who is a "big man" for you?

"Who has surpassed the tailor here": "Who arrived here, conquered
the tailor, thirst for love, has passed, crossed, overcome." For who surpassed
the tailor here?

10. [Buddha: "Milere"] Among the desires, there are Brahmans who are always
mindful and detached from desire. After considering it, this extinguished
Bhikkhu, for him there is no wavering.

"There are Brahmans among the desires": ""Desire", there are two kinds of
desires from the eulogy (praise??): the desire of things and the desire of pollution...
(abbreviated) these are called the desires of things... these are
called the desire for pollution. Brahma is called separation, abstinence,
withdrawal, renunciation, departure, inaction, no offense, and no transgression
from non-rectification, etc. Or, with no difference, Brahman is called the eight
branches of the holy path, namely: right view, right will, right speech, right
kamma, right life, right diligence, right thoughts, right concentration. Those
who have fully possessed, entered, walked in, these eight holy paths, he is
called a brahman. For example, he is
called a "property person" by property; he is called a person with wealth; he is
called a person with reputation; and he is called a person with technology.
Skilled people; precepts are called “precepts”; one with vigor is called a “vigorous one”;
ones with wisdom are called “wise ones”; in the same way, anyone
who possesses, fully possesses ... these eight noble paths, he is called a
brahman." It is a brahman in all desires.

""Milere", the Blessed One calls the Brahman by his surname. "Blessed One", this
is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that
is, the Blessed One." So [Blessed One: "Milere!"].

"Always mindful, detached from desire": "The desire
of "desire for love" is the thirst for the Dhamma. For him the desire for love
has been cut off and calmed down, halted, unable to arise, burned away by
the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who is detached from thirst, the one who abandons
thirst, the one who eliminates thirst, the one who releases the thirst,
the one who dismisses the thirst, the one who renounces the thirst. Those who are not
greedy, those who abandon greed, who exclude greed, free
themselves from greed, renounce greed, those
who do not hunger and thirst, those who have become cool,
those who feel happy, those who regard themselves as Brahman. "Always",
always; everything; all the time; eternally; constantly;
continuously; uninterrupted; successively; like waves in water waves arising without pausing;
in the morning, afternoon, first watches of the night, midnight, last night;
in the black moon, bright moon, rainy
season, winter, summer; in youth, middle age, and old age. The "person mindful
of" is mindful in four ways: mindful of practice, mindful of body, when the
mindful practice is seen in the mind, and when practicing
mindfulness in the Dhamma... (omitted) he is
called mindful. "He who is always mindful of the desire for love."

"After considering it, this extinguished bhikkhu": "After consideration, it is called
wisdom. It is understanding, simple selection, investigation...
(abbreviated) no delusion, choice, right view. "After consideration", after
knowing, after understanding, after measurement, after
judgment, after separation, after clarification: "All activities are
impermanent" after consideration, after knowing, after understanding, after
measurement, after judgment, after separation, after clarification; "Everything
is suffering...  "All things are non-self"... "Arising from ignorance"... "Any
collection of Dhamma is an extinction of Dhamma" After considering, knowing,
understanding, and weighing, after judgement, after separation, after
clarification.

Or, [seen as] the consideration of impermanence, after knowing...,
it is suffering... it is disease... it is tumors... it is the arrow... ,
is after the consideration, after knowing, after understanding, after
measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Extinguished",
green creates the state of being extinguished; abuse makes the
state of being extinguished; ignorant makes the state of being
extinguished; anger...hate...hiding evil... arbitrary...
jealous... stingy... fake... cunning... stubborn... passionate... sloth...
torpor... discomfort... everything polluted... all evil deeds... all
troubles... all irritation... all heat (torment)... all unwholesome contrived
ones make the state of being extinguished. "Bhikkhu", the one who has destroyed
the state of the Seven Dhamma is a Bhikkhu... (omitted) The one who has been
completed and the one who has been destroyed is a Bhikkhu. "After consideration,
the extinguished bhikkhu."

"There is no wavering for him": "For him", for the Arahat; for the one who has
exhausted his troubles. "Wavering", the wavering of craving, the wavering of seeing, ...of sloth, ...of pollution, ... of desire, for him these waverings
do not exist, are not known, are not found, and have been cut
off, calmed down, ceased, unable to arise, burned by the fire of
wisdom. "For him there is no wavering."

11. After knowing both sides, he considers it and is not contaminated in the middle,
I said he was a "big man", and he surpassed the tailor here. [AN.6.61] (??)

"Knowing both sides, after considering it, he will not be contaminated
in the middle": "side", touch is one side, touch aggregation is the second side, touch
is in the middle; the past is one side, the future is the second side, and now
is in the middle; Pleasure is on one side, suffering is the second side, and
neither suffering nor pleasure is in the middle;
name is one side, form is the second
side, consciousness is in the middle; the six inner places are one side, and the
six outer places are the second side, and consciousness is in the middle; the body is one side, the body set is the second side, and the body
disappears in the middle. After consideration, it is called wisdom, which is
knowing, understanding... (abbreviated) no delusion, choice of dhamma, right view.

"Adhesion": There are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of craving
and [cause] the adhesion of seeing... This is the adhesion of
craving... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing. What is craving adhesion?
All are called boundaries, realms, scopes, borders, grasped, and are treated as
one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so much is mine, this area is mine; [my]
color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things on the ground, coats, maids and male
servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and horses, mules,
fields, homesteads, gold, coins, villages, towns, capitals, places,
treasuries, warehouses, all the land; because they are craving and regard them
as their own, all 108 kinds of craving. [AN.4.199] This is the adhesion of
craving.

What is the adhesion of seeing? There are twenty people who rely on the body to
see, ten people who rely on the wrong view, and ten people who rely on the side
see, all the views, evil views, jungle views, and deserts like this. The grasping,
acceptance, clinging, clinging to the view, the distorted view, the wavering
view, the bound view, the evil way, the evil nature, the place
where the outside way depends (??), the clasping and inversion of the inversion
(vipariyesa) The grip of (viparīta), the grip of reversal (vipallāsa), the grip
of evil, the grip of "seeing the real in the unreal", all come to the sixty-two
evil views. This is the adhesion of seeing.

"After he knows on both sides, after consideration, he is not contaminated in
the middle": "He is not contaminated after considering, after knowing, after
understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying, not dyed, detached, released from bondage, he lives with a heart of
detachment and restraint." After knowing both sides, after considering it, he is
not contaminated in the middle.

"I said he is a "big man"": "This man is the highest person, the most victorious
person, the winner, the first person, the top person. I call him, I say to him,
I explain to him, I speak about him.

Ven. Sariputta (translation issue ??) said to the Blessed One: "Great Virtue!
Known as "a man, a big man", great virtue! What makes one a big man? ""Sariputra!
I say that those who are liberated "big men"; I say those who are not free are
"non-big-men."

Sariputta! How to be liberated? Sariputta! Here, the bhikkhu lives in his own body to
observe the body, zeal, righteous knowledge, and mindfulness, and can
moderate the desire and worry about the world. When he lives in the body to
observe the body, the mind is free from defilements, and he is not clinging.
Freedom from all defilements; on receiving...(slightly omitted) in the
heart... living in the Dhamma and following the Dhamma, zealous, righteous, and
mindful, can moderate the craving and worry about the world. When he lives in the
Dhamma and follows the Dhamma, the mind is free from the defilements, and
free from all defilements it is without clinging. Sariputta! In this way, the bhikkhu
has a liberated heart. Sariputta! I say that those who are liberated
are "big men"; I say those who are not liberated are "non-big-men". "For
me, he is a "big man."

"He surpassed the tailor here": "The tailor is called craving, which is greed,
thirst..., (abbreviated) and unwholesome roots. For
him, this tailor, whose thirst is cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable
to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he has surpassed, conquered the tailor,
his desire for love, has passed, has been crossed, has been overcome." He has
surpassed the tailor here.

At the end of these verses, for those who live with the same intention,
same effort, same will, and same dwelling as the Brahman, the
distant dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any
collection of dhammas is an extinction." The mind of a brahmin is free from all
defilements by not clinging. Along with reaching the realm of Arahat, their sheepskin
clothing, knotted hair, bark clothing, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair
and beards disappeared; they became bald, with robes, cloth clothes, overcoats, and bowls.
With respect to the Blessed One, they sat down and said: "Dade (??)! The Blessed One is my
teacher and I am a disciple."
