### 1. Punṇạka

12. [Venerable Punṇạka like this:] To the one who is undisturbed, the seer of
    the roots, I come with questions in need,
For what cause do the many rishis, people, khattiyas, and Brahmins make
    sacrifices in the world here?
Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"The one who is not disturbed, the one who sees the root": ""Disturbance is
called craving, that is greed, ... and unwholesome roots. For the Buddhas and
the Blessed One that disturbance is cut off, the root has been cut off, just
like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, a non-living thing for
the future, so the Buddha is the undisturbed. In the disturbed state of
disconnection, the Blessed One does not waver; (???????) don't shake when you
don't get it; don't shake when [have] reputation; don't shake when you have no
reputation (bad reviews); don't shake when you praise; don't shake when you
reprimand; do not shake at times; do not shake, do not move, do not tremble, do
(?????). "The one who is not disturbed". "The one who sees the root", the
Blessed One sees the roots, is the seer of the cause, seer of the origin seer of
the waiting (origin), seer of the food (???), seer of the object, seer of the
condition, seer of the set of views.

There are three unwholesome roots: the unwholesome root of greed, of aversion,
and of ignorance.

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! There are causes and conditions for these
three kamma gatherings, which three are there? Greed is the cause and condition
of kamma, hatred is the cause and condition of kamma, and delusion is the cause
and condition of kamma. Bhikkhus! It's not because of greed, hatred, or delusion
that the heavens are known, people are known, or any good interests are known,
monks! But because of greed, hatred, and delusion, the hell world is known, the
animal world is known, the hungry ghost world is known, or any evil interest
[AN.6.39] Individuals in hell, the animal world, and the hungry ghost world are
known. These three unwholesome roots, the Blessed One knows and sees, and so so
Blessed One is the seer of the root... (Omitted) the seer. There are three good
roots: the good root of no greed, of no hatred, and of no delusion.

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! There are these three... (omitted) monks!
It's not that the hell of no greed, no hatred, no delusion is known, the animal
world is known, the hungry ghost world is known, or any evil interests are
known, monks! But without greed, without hatred, without delusion, heaven is
known, man is known, or any good interest: those in heaven and the world arise
and are known. The Blessed One knows and sees the three  good roots, so the
Blessed One is the seer of the root... (omitted) the seer.

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! Any unwholesome Dhamma, unwholesome
division, unwholesome party [AN.1.56], all that is rooted in ignorance, converge
in ignorance, and eradicated with ignorance, all that will be eradicated.
[SN.20.1] The Blessed One knows and sees... (omitted).

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! Bhikkhus! Any good law, good division, and
good party [AN.1.57], rooted in unbridledness (non-relaxation??), and unbridled
as reunion, this is said to be the number one among those laws. [SN.45.139]" The
Blessed One knows and sees... (omitted).

Or, the Blessed One knows and sees: "Ignorance is the root of action, action is
the root of consciousness, consciousness is the root of name and form, name and
form are the roots of six sense bases, the six sense bases are the roots of
contact, contact is the root of sensation, sensation is the root of craving,
craving is the root of clinging, clinging the root of becoming, becoming is the
root of birth, and birth is the root of old age (and death). The Blessed One
knows and sees... (omitted).

Or, the Blessed One knew and saw: "The eye is the root of eye disease, the ear
is the root of ear disease, the nose ...of nasal disease, the tongue ...
of tongue disease, the body ...of body disease, and the mind
is the root of suffering. "The Blessed One knows and sees, so the Blessed One
is the seer of the root, the seer of the cause, the seer
of the origin, the seer of waiting (origin??), the seer of ??
food, the The seer of the condition, the seer of the
collection (aggregate??). "Is the perturbator (for the disturbance??), the seer of the root.

"[Like this Venerable Punṇạka]": "Like this", the continuation of the
sentence... (Omitted) Venerable Punṇạka.

"The ones in need come with questions": I come with questions as needed, I come
if I want to ask questions, I come if I want to hear questions, the needy come
with questions. Or, "the inquiries that belong to the question have the need,
the one who wants to ask the question, the one who wants to hear, the needy
[will] come, approach,, visit." Or when you have a question, you can and you
have enough reason to tell and answer the question I asked, "Please bear this
burden." In this way, "the ones in need come with questions".

"People who rely on immortals (fairies??)": "Rely on, stick to, enter, or turn
their hearts toward something. "Fairies", who are named immortals, and whichever
monks become hermits. "People" are called human beings." People who depend on
immortals and people.

"Khattiyas, Brahmins, to the gods": "'Khattiyas,' everything that is born of
khattiya. 'Brahmins', whoever calls others gentlemen. 'To the gods', evil fate,
the evil destiny of the disciple, the Niganta god of the disciple of Niganta,
(??) the knotter god of the knotter disciple, the marcher god of the marcher
disciple, the exiled god..., the the elephant god... , horse god,  bull god, dog
god, crow god, Vishnu god, the power of the power ring-keeper, the man of the
virtuous ring, the jewel of the virtuous ring, the fire..., the dragon .., the
golden-winged..., Yaksha, asura, Gandha, the great king god of the guard
[heaven], the moon god, sun god, Indra, Brahma....  Those who are worthy of
offering to them are their gods." For the khattiyas and Brahmins to the gods.

"There are many sacrifices in the world": ""Sacrifice" is called a donation:
clothing, food, shelter, necessities for patients, medical necessities, food,
drink, cloth, transportation, garlands, spices, oils, bed, house, lamps and
candles. "As a sacrifice", wherever (whoever??) they seek, pursue, and beg for
clothing, food... (omitted) are used as sacrifices; wherever they prepare
clothing, food... are also used as sacrifices; wherever they give, provide, and
donate clothing, food... also make sacrifices. "Many", these sacrifices are
many, or the priests of these sacrifices are many, or there are many worthy
providers. How are there sacrifices many? The clothes, food... belong to (are??)
many, so these sacrifices are many.

How is it that there are many priests of these sacrifices? There are many
priests of these sacrifices: khattiya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, laymen,
monks, heavens, and people, so there are many priests of these
sacrifices.

How is or are there many worthwhile providers (people who are worthy of support??)?
There are many Samaṇa, Brahmins, beggars, travelers, wanderers, and beggars,
so there are many worthy of offering. "Here is in the world", in the
human world. "To make sacrifices for many here in the world".

"My Lord, I ask you, please tell me": ""Asking", there are three kinds of
inquiry: inquiry about the explanation of the unseen, inquiry about the
confluence of the seen, and inquiry about the cut-off of doubt.

What is an inquiry about the unseen? It was an unknown, unseen, unmeasured,
unjudged, unclear characteristic, for the purpose of his wisdom, seeing,
measuring, judging, clear, he asked a question, which was an inquiry about the
unseen.

What is an inquiry about the confluence of the seen? A characteristic that
was known, seen, measured, judged, clear, and understood. He asked questions for
the purpose of confluence with other wise men. This is an inquiry of confluence
of the seen.

What is an inquiry for the cutting off of doubt? A leap into skeptics (??),
jump-in doubter (??), and born doubter: "Is that so? Isn't it
true? What is it then? How is it? He asks questions for the purpose of severance
of doubt. This is an inquiry for the severance of doubt. These are three types of
queries.

The next three kinds of inquiry: human inquiry, non-human inquiry, and inquiry
of the person.

What is a human inquiry? People asked questions after they went to
see the Buddha, the World-Honored One: asked the bhikkhus,
asked the Uvasai, ...Uvayis, ...kings, ...khattiya, ...Brahmins, ...Vaisha.
Asked about the dhamma, asked the lay people, asked the monks, this is a human
inquiry.

What is an inhuman inquiry? The non-people asked questions after they went to
see the Buddha, Blessed One: asked the dragons, ...golden-winged birds, yakkha,
asuras, gandapo, kings, Indra, Brahmas, gods, this is an inhuman inquiry.

What is the inquiry of the person? All the physical bodies and limbs of the
World-Honored One's creative intentions are not lacking in the roots. The
transfiguration(??) asks questions after seeing the Buddha, the Blessed One, and
the Blessed One answers him. This is a trans-human inquiry. These are three
types of queries.

The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry for one's own benefit, inquiry for the
benefit of others, and inquiry for the benefit of both. The next three:
inquiries about current interests, inquiries about future interests, and
inquiries about the highest interests. The next three: inquiry for the benefit
of no faults, inquiry for the benefit of no pollution, and inquiry for the pure
benefit. The next three: [about] past queries, future queries, and current
queries. The next three: [about] inquiries within oneself, inquiries outside
oneself, and inquiries within and outside oneself. The next three: [about] good
inquiries, unkind inquiries, and non-remembering (unbearable??) inquiries. The
next three: [about] Yun??, Jie (community??), and Chu(??). The next three: about
mindfulness, about diligence, about spiritual content. The next three: about the
root, the strength, and the enlightenment. The next three: about the Path, the
Fruit, and Nibbāna.

"I ask you", "I ask of you; I beg you; please make me clear; please tell me".
"Blessed One", which is synonymous with respect... Anri (pseudonym) who
testified, namely "Blessed One". "Please tell me this", please say, please
explain, please teach, please inform, please build (??), please uncover, please
analyze, please clarify. "Blessed One, I ask you, please tell me this."

13. [Blessed One: "Punṇạka"] Any of these rishis, people, khattiyas, and
    Brahmins,
Have made many sacrifices here in the world to the gods,
Looking forward to such a state of existence; bound to their aging, they made
    sacrifices.

"Any of these rishis, people": (omitted, see previous)... "khattiyas, Brahmins,
to the gods": (omitted, see previous)... "There are many sacrifices in the
world": (omitted, see previous)...

"Looking forward to the state of [reincarnation]": ""Looking forward", looking
forward to the acquisition of form; looking forward to the acquisition of sound;
(omitted)...of smell; ...of taste; ...of touch; ...of his son; ...of his wife;
...property; looking ...fame; ...sovereignty; ...of individuals in the khattiya
home with the Great Hall; ...of individuals in the Brahmin home with the Great
Hall; ... ofindividuals in the homes of the homeowners with the Great Hall;
...of individuals in the four kings of heaven; looking forward to being in the
sky... in the sky of night...in the Tusita heaven... In wisdom... in optimism...
in the heavens of others... in the Brahman heavens; the individual gains,
wanting, accepting, aspiring, eagerly looking forward, and praying." For
anticipation.

"Looking forward to such a state of reincarnation": "Looking forward to the
rebirth of the individual here; I look forward to the rebirth of the individual
in the khattiya home with the Great Hall... (omitted) ...wanting, receiving,
aspiring, eagerly looking forward, and praying." Looking forward to this state
of [reincarnation].

"They are bound to aging, hence they make  sacrifices": "Those who depend on
aging, those who are sick, those who depend on death, those who depend on
sorrow, grief, suffering, sorrow, and despair. When they are born dependent,
when they are dependent on aging; when they are dependent on aging, then they
are dependent on sickness; ...(omitted)on sickness...(omitted) death; on death,
sorrow, suffering, and despair; on interest (craving??), rebirth; on rebirth,
reincarnation; when they are dependent on reincarnation, then they are stuck,
trapped, infected; those who are moving, and those whose hearts are turned above
(??). As a sacrifice for those who rely on aging.

14. [Venerable Punṇạka like this:] Any of these rishis, people,
    khattiyas, and Brahmins,
Making many sacrifices to the gods in the world, Lord! Not letting go on the
    road of sacrifice,
are there those who have crossed through birth and aging, dear sir? Lord, I ask
    you, please tell me this.

"Anything these immortals, people": "Anything"... (omitted).

"Master! Is it true that there are those who do not let go on the road of
sacrifice": ""Is it true", "question of doubt, question of confusion, question
of confusion, a rhetorical question, ironic question,"Those" are priests of
sacrifices. "Lord", "respect ...(omitted) "Lord! Are they really those..."
"Those who do not let go on the road of sacrifice", the sacrifice is called the
animal road, such as the holy road is the holy road; the heaven is the sky road;
the Sanskrit (??) road is the Sanskrit road; similarly, the sacrifice is called
the sacrifice road. "Do not let go", those who do not let go on the road of
sacrifice are respectful authors (authors??), constant authors, non-stop
authors, those who are not stuck in the habit, those who do not neglect their
desires, those who have the character, those who have more, and those who are
more important.

The one who targets that, the one who strives, the one who overcomes, the one
who increases, they are those who do not let go on the road of sacrifice:
whoever they seek, pursue, and beg, the clothing, food...(omitted), they are
respectful authors...(omitted) to those who increase, then they are those who do
not let go on the road of sacrifices; whoever prepares clothing,
food...(omitted), they are respectful authors...(omitted). To those who increase
it, they are also those who do not let go on the road of sacrifice; wherever
they give, provide, and donate clothing, food... they are respectful authors...
To those who increase, then they are also those who do not let go on the road of
sacrifice. "Lord! Are there really those who do not let go on the road of
sacrifice."

"Living through birth and aging, dear sir": "Aging and death, they pass,
transcend, and overcome. "Dear Sir", this is a synonym for love, respect,
respect, and obedience. "Living through birth and aging, dear sir".

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ""I ask you", I beg you; I make clear
to me; "Please tell me," tell me. "World Honored", a respectful synonym...
(omitted) "Please tell me this"... (omitted)." For the world, I ask you, please
tell me this."

15. [Blessed One: "Punṇạka"] They expect, appreciate, pray, and offer,
    for gain.
They are dedicated confessors and greedy people. I say that they have not
    survived birth and aging.

"They expect, appreciate, pray, and offer": ""They expect", "They expect the
acquisition of color; they expect the acquisition of sound; ...(omitted) smell;
taste; touch; of their son; of their wives; of property; fame; sovereignty; of
individuals in the khattiya home with the Great Hall; In the Brahmin's home
...(omitted) Expecting these.

"They appreciate", "They appreciate the sacrifice, or they appreciate the
result, or they appreciate the one who should be offered. How do they appreciate
sacrifices? What is done is pure, what is done is satisfactory, ...wonderful,
...timely, appropriate, is after selection (review), is not faulty. Giving is
continuous (usual), giving is pure and convincing. They admire and praise, so
they appreciate sacrifices in this way.

How do they appreciate the results? "For such reasons and causes like this (??
)will surely be gained in color... (Omitted) There must be individual gains in
the Brahma Heaven. They admire, praise, and appreciate  the result in this way.

How do they appreciate those who should be supported? "Those who should be
supported are those with sufficient birth (blood line), those with sufficient
surnames (family), readers, mantra holders, the vocabulary, rituals, phonology
and etymology of the Three Vedas, and ancient history is the fifth proficiency.
Those who know well, those who know the sacred sentences, those who understand
grammar, "the one who is not deficient in the worldly relationship with a man,"
the one who is free from greed or for the sake of greed, or the one who is an
outsider for the sake of aversion, The idiots or those who tune in for the sake
of ignorance, those who believe in sufficient (??), those who have restraint,
those who have sufficiency, those who have sufficient wisdom, those who have
sufficient liberation, see sufficient (??). They admire, appreciate...(omitted).
"I look forward to and appreciate them."

"They pray", "They prayed for the acquisition of color (form??), they prayed for
the acquisition of sound, ...smell, ...taste, ...individuals in the Brahma. They
look forward to, appreciate, and pray. "They offer", they give, sacrifice, give
away clothes, food...(omitted). "So [Blessed One] They look forward to,
appreciate, pray, and offer.

"They pray for their desire for profit": "They pray for the acquisition of color;
...of sound... (omitted), for the gain of those in the heavens they pray.
"Pray for their desire for profit."

"They are dedicated confessors (devotees to sacrifice), greedy, I said they have
not survived birth and aging. "They" are called priests of sacrifices. "The
dedication of the offering", "the yoke of devotion, the strong yoke, the man of
character, the more, the heavier, the person who is the object of it, toward the
effort, toward the leaner, toward the overcomer, toward the increaser." For
them, they are dedicated to offering sacrifices. "A greedy person", whoever has
desire, greed, joy, thirst, love, passion, and fascination. It is called the
greed of existence. The greed of the existence is bound, obsessed, tainted,
attached, fixed, obstructed. "For them, they are dedicated and greedy".

"I said they have not survived "birth and aging"", "Those who are dedicated to
offering sacrifices, the greedy, they have not survived, surpassed, passed, or
overcome birth, aging, and death. Birth, aging, and death are not separated, not
left, not crossed, not overcome, they turn in the cycle of birth, aging, and
death; of rebirth, accompanied by birth, followed by aging, conquered by
disease, and tortured by death; there is no refuge. I say, I explain, I teach, I
inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify. "Because they are dedicated
devotees and greedy people, I say that they have not lived through "birth and
aging."

16. [Venerable Punṇạka like this:] If those dedicated to offering sacrifices do
    not, through their sacrifices, live through birth and aging, dear sir!
In that case, who lives through birth and aging in the world of heaven and man,
    dear sir? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"If those dedicated to offering sacrifices have not survived": "The priests of
sacrifices, dedicated sacrifices, and greedy people are born and old; they have
not survived, surpassed, and passed through death, they did not cross, did not
overcome; birth, aging, death were not separated, not left, not crossed; they
reverted in birth, aging, and death, they revolved in the cycle of rebirth...
(omitted). Those who make sacrifices have not survived.

"[Like this]": "Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (omitted).

"By sacrifice...birth and aging, dear sir ": ""Sacrifices ", with many
sacrifices, with various kinds of sacrifices. "Dear sir", words of love and
honor... (omitted). By sacrifice... birth and aging, dear sir.

"In that case, who in the world of heaven and man, through birth and aging, dear
sir": "And who is in this world including heaven, demons, and Brahman; including
the generations of Samaṇa(??), Brahman, heaven and man; who has passed,
overcome, surpassed... birth, aging, and death. "Who is there for such and such
a thing? Through birth and aging in the world of heaven and man, dear sir!"

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ""I ask you", "I ask you; I beg you
...(omitted).

17. [The Blessed One: "Punṇạka":] After considering the upper and lower in the
    world, without anywhere wavering in the world,
Quiet, without smoke, without worries, without desires, I say he has lived
    through birth and aging. [AN.3.32]

"Considering the upper and lower in the world": After consideration, it is
called wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) no delusion, choice of law, right
view. "Upper and lower", the lower part is called one's own individual, and the
upper part is called other individuals; the lower part is called one's own
physical perception, thinking, and consciousness; the upper part is called other
people's physical consciousness; the upper is called the six outer places; the
lower is called the world of humans, the upper is called the world of heaven;
the lower is called the world of desire, the upper is called the realm of
material, and the world of formlessness; the lower is called the world of desire
and material, the world is called the colorless (formless??) world. "Considering
the upper and lower in the world": "Considering the upper and lower as
impermanent, suffering, illness, sick... (omitted) after leaving, after he
considers, knows, understands, weighs, judges, after separation, after
clarification." To consider the upper and lower in the world.

"[Blessed One: "Punṇạka"]": ""Punṇạka", the Blessed One calls that Brahmin by
his name. "Blessed One", which is synonymous with respect... (abbreviated) means
Blessed One." [Blessed One: "Punṇạka"]

"For him, there is no wavering in the world": ""For him", to the Arahant; to the
one who has exhausted troubles. "Wavering", of craving, of seeing, of sloth, of
pollution, the shaking of desire; for him, they do not exist, are not known, are
not found, they have been cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned
by the fire of wisdom. "Anywhere", no matter where, inside or outside or inside
and outside. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted)."
There is no wavering in the world for him.

"Silent, smokeless, without distress, without desire, I say that he has survived
"birth, aging"": "silent", the greedy has been silent in the state of silence,
anger... (abbreviated) foolish ...Angry...resentful...hiding evil...all the
state of silence, calmed down, extinguished, cooled, departed, and ceased; the
state of all unwholesome actions are silent, calmed, cooled, ceased. "Silent".
"Smokeless", the evil deeds of the body are smokeless, destroyed, dried up,
withered, and eliminated; evil deeds of speech... (omitted); of the mind; greed;
anger; ignorance; resentment; of hiding evil; of envy; of stinginess; of
cunning; passion; sloth; torpor; idleness; all pollution; all evils; all
afflictions; all scorching heat (torment); all bad deeds are smokeless,
destroyed, withered, have been wiped out. Or, anger is called smoke:

(??)
Brahmin! Conceit (slowness??) is indeed your burden, anger is smoke, and lies
    are gray.
The tongue is the ladle for sacrifice, the heart is the furnace for sacrifice,
and the self that is good at tune is the fire of men. [SN.7.9]

Or, anger is aroused in ten forms: "He has been unfavorable to me. [AN.9.29]"
Anger is aroused; "He is unfavorable to me." Anger is raised; "He will be
unfavorable to me." ...(omitted) "He has been against what I love and desire to
do." ... "He is against what I love and desire to do" ... "He will be..."; "He
has been in favor of what I do not love and do not desire to do"... "He is in
favor... " "He will be in favor..." anger is aroused; or anger is aroused in an
unreasonable place. Any kind of anger, hostility, hatred, aversion, evil, heart
aversion, arrogance, aggression, rage, displeasure: this is called anger.

In addition, the extreme and small states of anger should be perceived:
sometimes anger is only to the degree of turbidity, but not as much as frowning;
sometimes anger is just to the degree of, but not as much as gritting teeth;
sometimes (...) of gritted teeth, but not (...) verbal abuse; sometimes (...)
verbal abuse, but not ... looking around for a weapon; sometimes looking for a
weapon but not enough to take up a weapon; sometimes enough to acquire the
weapon, but not enough to pull out the rod; sometimes pulling out the rod, but
not striking the rod; sometimes striking a blow, bot not not making an
interruption (not enough to cut off what is done??); sometimes the making an
interruption, but not enough to break; sometimes breaking, but not pulling
limbs; sometimes pulling limbs apart, but not enough to kill; sometimes enough
to kill, but not not enough to abandon independence (??). When the angry person
kills himself after killing others, this is such that the anger reaches the
increase, and the further reaches the increase (increase/rise, growth??). For
him whose anger is cut off, calmed down, (...), he is called smokeless.

The state where anger has been cut off is smokeless; the state where anger has
been known is smokeless; anger is smokeless because it has been known; anger
that has been severed is smokeless. "No distress", greed is distressed; anger is
distressed; ignorance is distressed; resentment is distressed... (omitted) All
unwholesome deeds are distressed. For him, who has been cut off (...), he is the
who has with no distress.

"No desire", desire is called craving, that is greed, lust... (abbreviated),
unwholesome roots. For him who this desire is cut off calmed down, (...), he is
called the one who has no desire. "Birth": Among all living beings, of each kind
of birth, entry into [fetus], manifestation of various aggregates, and
attainment of each kind of sentient being. "Aging": Among all living beings,
about the , aging, tooth loss, hair whitening, wrinkles, declining life span,
and degeneration of the roots of each kind of living beings. "For those who are
silent, smokeless, without distress, and without desire, I say that he has
survived "birth, aging"": "Anyone who is silent, smokeless, without distress,
and without desire, "born, aging, and dying have been overcome, transcended,
passed, crossed." I say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I
parse, I clarify, I explain." For him who is silent, smokeless, free of desire
and distress, I said that he has survived "birth and aging."

---

At the end of these verses ...(omitted) "The Blessed One is my teacher, and I am
a disciple."

\newpage
