### 4. Explanations asked by student Mairegu

18. [Venerable Maitreya like this:] Lord, I ask you, please tell me this. I
  think you are a person who knows the Vedas, and has personally practiced.
From where did these sufferings come into being: of all kinds of different forms in
any world? (??)

"Master! I ask this, please tell me this": ""I ask", there are three kinds of
queries: the query of the explanation of the unseen (...omitted, see previous).

"I ask you", (...omitted).

"[Like this Venerable Maitreya]": (...omitted).

"I think you are a person who knows the Vedas and who have personally
practised": I think you are "aware of the Vedas". I think you are a "person who
has practised yourself", I know so; I agree. "A person who knows the Vedas, who
has already practiced himself", How is the Blessed One one who knows the Veda?
The Vedas are called wisdom, the root of wisdom, power of wisdom, dhamma
enlightenment, investigation, vipassana, right view of the four realms. The
Blessed Ones are those who have reached the ultimate (target), who have lived,
aged, and died in the Vedas; those who have reached the ultimate, those who have
reached the end, those who have reached the boundary;  those who have reached
the refuge; those who have reached the shelter, those who have reached no fear;
have arrived without being dead; those who reach the undead are those who have
reached Nibbana. Or "the one who has known the Vedas" is the one who knows the
Vedas, or the known state of the Seven Dhammas is the one who knows the Vedas:
to be seen and known, suspicion being known, refraining from being known, greed
[being known], anger [being known], ignorance [being known], sloth being known,
and its evil and unwholesome methods are known: succumbing to polluting,
recurring, fearing, and it will live and die in the future.

[Blessed One:] [Sn.3.6, 534]

"Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Sramanas and Brahmins that
exist here,
is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is knows
Vedas well."

This is the Blessed One who knows the Vedas.

How is he the Blessed One who has already practiced himself? The Blessed One is
the person who has practiced the body, the mind, the wisdom, the mindfulness,
the righteousness, studied the gods, the root, the power, the enlightenment.
Those who have practised the path, those who have given up the polluters, those
who have been unshakable, those who have testified, for those who have been
omniscient, have given up, have practiced, have given up testimony, have
renounced what should be renounced, practised and ought to be practised, not
small, large, very deep, immeasurable, difficult to be; Those who have a deep
understanding of many treasures, such as the ocean, are those who possess six
peaces:

After seeing the form with the eyes, I am neither happy nor sad, and live in
peace, mindful and righteous; after hearing the sound with the ear... after
smelling the smell with the nose... after tasting the taste with the
tongue... touching the touch with the body... After knowing the Dhamma with
consciousness, I am neither happy nor sad, but live in peace, mindfulness and
righteousness [DN.33 Liuchang Residence].

After seeing form with his eyes, he does not desire, dislike, and does not cause
greed to occur in the desired form. His body is already established, his mind is
already established, and he is built up and liberated by virtue. After seeing the
undesirable form, he does not become discouraged, have unrestrained mind,
unintentional sorrow, unintentional malice, his body is already inhabited, his
mind is already inhabited, and he is built up by goodness and kindness within
himself.

After seeing the form with the eyes, the body has been inhabited and the mind
has been inhabited in the agreeable and undesirable forms, and the self is
built up and freed by the kindness; after listening to the sound with the ear...
(omitted), knowing with the consciousness After the Dhamma, both the body and the
mind have been established in both the agreeable and undesirable methods, and
they are established and liberated by virtue within themselves [SN.46.6].

After seeing the form with eyes, you will not get drunk when you are infected,
you will not be angry when you are angry, you will not be foolish when you
become foolish, and you will not get
drunk when you are drunk (??). Don't contaminate what will be contaminated; after
hearing the sound with your ears... (omitted) after knowing the Dhamma with
consciousness, you will not be contaminated on what will be contaminated...
(omitted), and don't pollute when you pollute (??).

There is only so much in what you see; there is only so much in what you hear;
there is only so much in what you perceive; there is only so much in what you
know [SN.35.95], not contaminated by in what you see; not contaminated by what
you hear; not contaminated by what you perceive; not contaminated by what you
know, and he who is unsatisfied (has no obsession??), [virtue] without loss, not
dependent, and not bound by what is known, freed from the bondage, he lives with
a liberated heart; in terms of what he hears... (omitted) in terms of what he
knows, he is the one without attachment, the one who does not lose (??), the one
who does not depend on, and the one who is not bound. Freed from the bondage, he
lives with a liberated heart.

The Blessed One has (existing ??) eyes, the Blessed One has eyes to see form,
the Blessed One has no desires and greed, and the Blessed One's heart is kind
and liberating; ...(omitted) ears to hear...; ...nose to smell...; ...tastes
with the taste...; ...touches with the body...: The Blessed One is intentional,
the Blessed One knows the Dhamma with consciousness, the Blessed One has no
desires and greed, and the Blessed One has a kind heart and is free [SN.35.232].

Eyes are joyful in form, joyful in color, the Blessed One has regulated, tuned,
guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it; ears are joyous in
sound... (omitted) the nose rejoices in the smell... the tongue rejoices in the
taste... the body is joyful in touch... and the Blessed One has regulated,
tuned, guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it, which means to
rejoice in the Dhamma, to be happy in the Dhamma, the Blessed One has
regulated... the self-control of it. [MN. 75].

TODO: get this whole block from a better Dhp translation
"They guided the [Dragon Elephant (??)] that had been reigned into the assembly, and
the king boarded the (??),
The man who has been reconciled is the highest victor among the people, whoever insults
him is bearable (??).
The donkey horse that has been tuned is exceptional, and the trustworthy product
is the steed.
and Kunjara (elephant) are big dragon elephants, and self-regulators are even
better.
does not ride in these cars, can go to the unreached direction,
is good at self-adjusting, and the person who adjusts the governor comes to him.
[Dhp. 321-323]

They are unwavering in all kinds of slowness (sloth?), becoming liberated and reborn,
have reached the adjusted imperial position, they are the victors in the world.
[SN.22.76]

Those who have cultivated their roots, inside and outside themselves: in the
world,
piercing this and other worlds, when he is waiting for death: he is the one who
has been transferred (??)." [Sn.3.6, 521 verse]

This is the Blessed One who has already himself practiced.

"I think you are a person who is familiar with the Vedas and who has personally
practiced. From where did these sufferings arise": "From where", the question of
doubt, the question of confusion, the question of more
than one question, this is a rhetorical question, ironic question,
why on earth? "Where from." "Suffering", suffering from birth, suffering
from old age, ...from sickness, ...from death,
... sorrow, ...despair, loss, hell,
the animal world, ghosts, human beings;
rooted in suffering from birth, rooted in the suffering of living in the womb,
rooted in the suffering of birth, the suffering of the living being dependent,
the suffering of the living being manipulated by others, ...due to
their own actions, ...due to the actions of others,
from change, eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue
disease, body disease, head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease, tooth
disease, ...(omitted, see previous chapters)... the suffering of the decline
of seeing. From the very beginning of these dhammas, they have been known; since
they disappeared, they have been known, the retribution is based on kamma; kamma
is based on kamma  (??), the name is based on form; and form is based on name. Those
who are followed by birth, accompanied by birth, followed by age, conquered by
disease, struck by death, living in suffering, with no shelter, and no refuge,
are called suffering. Where did these sufferings come
from? Where did it arise? Where is it produced? Where did it happen from? Where
was it born? Where did it appear? What is the cause? What is its set (??)? What is its
birth? What is its root cause? He inquired about the root of these sufferings;
he inquired about the reason; he inquired about the cause; he inquired about the
arising; he inquired about the emergence; he inquired and waited (??); he inquired
about food; he inquired about the cause; he inquired about the fate; he inquired
about the set, he asked and begged, requested, make it clear. "From where did
these sufferings arise".

"Of all kinds of different shapes and forms in any world": ""Of all kinds", all
completely, every aspect completely, no surplus, the whole earth, this is the
ubiquitous language, which is "anything." "In any world", the world of suffering, the
world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of
worlds, and the world of existence. "Various shapes and forms", various kinds
and types of suffering. "All kinds in any world"

19. [Blessed One: "Milegu!"] You ask me about the occurrence of suffering, and I
    will say that for you as if you know (?? "as if I know it" "as if the know"):
all sufferings occur due to dependence: all kinds of different forms in any
world.

"You ask me about the occurrence of suffering": "Suffering, bitterness,
old age, sickness, death, sadness, desperation, and sorow. "You
ask, You ask about the cause of suffering; you ask about the root;
you ask about arising; you ask about happening; you ask about
waiting; you ask about food (??); you ask about the object; you ask about the
condition; you ask about the collection, you are strong (??). you ask, beg, request, make
it clear. "Because you asked me the occurrence of suffering. ""Mileku",
the Blessed One called the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", this is a
respectful synonym... (omitted).

"I will say that for you like the one who knows": ""That", I will explain the
cause of suffering; ...the root, arising, production, waiting ...(omitted); I
will explain, I will teach... (omitted). "As the one who knows", such as the one
who knows, the other (??), the one who penetrates, not from hearsay, not from
rumors, not from inheritance, not from Scripture, not from logic, not from
reasoning, Not because of theoretical contemplation, not because of the insights
accepted after contemplation; a method that is personally proven and self-proven
by oneself, I will say that. "Waiyi knows that I will tell you that.

"All sufferings occur due to dependence": ""Dependence", there are ten kinds of
dependence: dependence of craving, dependence of seeing, of pollution, of kamma,
of evil deeds; the attachment to food, the attachment to disgust, to the four
attachments, to the six inner states, to the six types of consciousness, to all
sufferings with heart and righteousness; these are called ten attachments. "All
suffering", suffering from birth, suffering from old age, suffering from
death... (omitted). From the beginning of these dhammas, they have been known;
Knowing, kamma is based on kamma; name is based on form; form is based on name.
Being followed by birth, accompanied by birth, followed by old age, conquered by
illness, struck by death, and suffering, those who live in suffering, without
shelter, and without refuge are called suffering. These sufferings are based on
attachment as a cause, attachment as a linking cause, attachment as a condition,
and dependence is the cause of their occurrence, generation, arising,
production, birth, and being born." It is the occurrence of sufferings due to
dependence.

"All kinds of different shapes and forms (colors??) in any world": ""All kinds"
...(omitted, see previous).

20. Those who are clinging to ignorance, suffering repeatedly reach the dull (??),
Therefore, the one who knows should not be dependent: the life of suffering, the
follower of production. (??)

"Whoever does not depend on the wise person": ""Who", who is like what, such as
in effort, such as arrangement (??), such as the kind, wherever has arrived,
where is a Kshatriya, or Brahmin, or Vaisha, or head Dhara, or a person at home,
or a monk, or a person. The "unwise person" is the person who has entered the
ignorance (??), the indifferent, and the inferior. Relying on seeing, relying on
pollution, ...on work, evil deeds, food, disgust, the four attachments, the six
inner places, being dependent on the six types of consciousness, to produce
(??),, make it live, make it born (??)." For those who rely on without wisdom.

"Suffering repeatedly reaches the dull": "Birth, suffering, sickness, death,
sorrow, despair, and bitterness come again and again, fully arrive, grasp, cling
to." Suffering repeatedly arrives. "The dull", the dull, the ignorant, the
unwise, the indiscriminate, and the inferior. "Suffering repeatedly reaches the
dull.

"Therefore the one who knows should not be dependent (should not follow??)":
""therefore", "the reason; the condition; the cause, when you see this fault in
the attachment." For this reason. "The knower", those who understand, those who
know, those who know others, those who see, and those who perceive: "All actions
are impermanent"... (omitted) "All actions are without self"... (omitted) "Any
collection of dhamma is an extinction" The one who understands, the one who
knows, the one who knows others, the one who penetrates. "Should not be
dependent", and should not be dependent upon, the attachment that should not be
seen, ...should not be polluted, ...not be evil, ...should not be food,
...hateful, ...the four attachments, the six inner parts, the six types of
consciousness, should not be caused, should not be produced, and should not be
caused to arise. "For this reason, those who know should not be dependent.

""Bitter (suffering ??)": those who are born with suffering, those who are old,
those who are bitter, those who die, sorrow, despair; those who are suffering.
"The spectator of production": the spectator of the root of suffering, ...of the
cause, ...arising, generation, waiting, food, object, collection. The follower
of the collection is called wisdom. That is understanding... (abbreviated) no
delusion, choice, right view. To have, to fully have, to reach, to arrive, he is
called the follower." It is the follower of the life and production of
suffering.

21. Whatever we asked you, you told us, we want to ask you other things, come!
Please tell us,
How do wise people get more and more violent (stormy ??), birth, aging, sadness, and
weeping?
Ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower
of these dhammas.

"Whatever we asked you, you told us": "Whatever we ask, beg, what makes us
clear. "You told us", told, explained, clarified, taught, established,
uncovered, resolved." Whatever we asked, you told us.

"We want to ask you about other things, come! Please tell us": "We want to ask
you about other things; we want to beg you for other things; we want to inquire
for other things; we want you to make other things clear; we want to ask you
more. "Come! Please tell us", come on! Please tell; please explain; please
teach; please inform; please build; please uncover; please analyze; please
clarify. "We want to ask more, please tell us.

"How do wise people get more and more violent (??), birth, aging and sorrow,
grief": "How?", "A question of doubt, confusion, rhetorical... (omitted) ...why?
The "wise man" means the wise man the enlightened man, the distinguished man.
"Storm (violent??)", the storm of desire, some storms, the storm of seeing, the
storm of ignorance. "Birth" refers to the birth, entry into [fetus],
...(omitted). "Aging": ..., "Sorrow": ..., "Grief", being touched by the loss of
the relatives... (omitted) contacting certain sufferings, mourning, weeping,
crying, lamenting useless words, muttering, tearing, weeping.

"How do the wise people get through the storm, be born, aging, and sorrow and
grief?": "How do the wise people survive, surpass, pass, cross, overcome the
storm, be born, aging, sorrow, and grief?" For the wise, how do they get more
and more violent, birth, aging, sorrow, and grief?

"Muni, please explain that thoroughly for me": ""That", everything I ask;
everything I beg; everything that makes me clear. "Muni", Muni
is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (omitted),
the Blessed One has the wisdom of muni, reaching
muni. There are three muni (perfect virtues): body muni, language muni, Yimuni
position (??).

What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the muni position (position ??); the three kinds of good behaviors are the muni position; the
wisdom in the body is the muni position; the omniscience of the body is the muni
position; walking the Path with omniscience is the body of Muni; the
abandonment of desire and greed, cut off as the muni;
the fourth jhana of body movement [in and out of breath] extinguishment is the
position of muni, which is the position of body muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds is
the position of Yumuni; the four kinds of good acts of language are the position
of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni; the
omniscience of language is the position of Muni; and omniscience of the path of all
acts is the position of Yumuni (??); the abandonment of desire and greed about
language is the position of Yumuni; the second Zen of Yuxing [Xunsi] (?? )is the
position of Yumuni, which is the position of Yumuni.

What is Yimuni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are the
muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the muni position; the wisdom
in the mind-object is the muni position; the omniscience of the heart is the
muni position; the one that walks the Path with omniscience is the position of muni;
the desire and greed about the heart are judged to be the position of muni; the
desire to perish the mind is the position of muni, which is the position of
mun.
TODO: the previous three paragraphs are not very good.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Yi Muni are (for??) no troubles,
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say it is the one who cuts everything.
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been
cleansed of evil."

There are six kinds of Muni with these three methods of muni: "Muni with a home,
Muni without a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Pichi Muni, Muni
[in] Muni (??). Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footprints and
have learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those
monks who have seen the footprints and who have learned the precepts are without
a home. The seven types of learning are for learning Muni, the Arahat is the
non-learning Muni, the Pichi Buddha is the Pichi Muni (??), and the Tathagata,
the Arahat, and the Enlightened One are Muni.

"Non-Muna (silence) is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.
avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,
Everyone who understands the [inner and outer sum] in the world, because that is
said to be Muni.
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world, the unwholesome and the good
behind the Dhamma,
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man, beyond dyeing (??) the net,
he is Muni."

"Explain thoroughly", please explain that thoroughly; please teach, please
inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify.
"To ask Muni to explain it thoroughly for me. "Because like this you
are the knower of these Dhammas": "Because like this you are the knower, judge,
clarifier, and understander of these Dhammas." Because like this you are the
knower of these Dhammas.

22. [Blessed One: "Miragu!"] I will tell you the Dhamma, in the real life and not the rumor,
Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love of (in??) the world.

"I will tell you the Dhamma": ""Dhamma", the beginning is good, the middle is
good, and the end is good; the meaning is correct, the phrase is correct; only
the perfect and pure Brahman line (complete): four mindfulnesses, four
righteousness, four divine feet (gods??), five senses, five powers, seven
enlightenment factors, eight holy paths, Nibbana and the path leading to
Nibbana; I will tell, I will explain, I will teach, I will reveal, I will
analyze, I will clarify." I will tell you the Dhamma. "Milegu", the Blessed One
called the Brahmin by his name.

"In the current life and not in rumors": ""In the current life", "in the
seen; in the known; in the measured; in the made clear: "All actions are impermanent"... (abbreviated) "Any collection of Dhamma is
an end to Dhamma" means in the Dhamma that is seen (in the current life); in the
Dhamma that is known; in the Dhamma that is measured; in the Dhamma that is made
clear, this is what I will talk about in the real life. Or, I will tell you
about the suffering which is seen; I will tell you about the collection which is
seen; I will tell you the way which is seen; I will tell you about the
extinction of what is seen, and this is what I will talk about in
the present. Or, in the life as "directly visible, instant, inviting you to see,
able to guide, and the wise should experience it by themselves." This is what I will
talk about in the life. For being alive. "Not rumors", not anecdotal, not
from hearsay, not from inheritance, not from scripture, not from logical
inference, not from reasoning, not because of theoretical reflection, not
because of an opinion received after reflection, but by oneself. The method of
knowledge and self-evidence, I will talk about that. "For the sake of life
instead of rumor."

"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing (those who know mindfulness??)":
"After knowing, weighing, judging, separating, clarifying: "All actions are
impermanent" after knowing, weighing, (omitted)..., "all actions are
suffering"... "all dhammas are non-self"...  "every collection of dhammas is the
extinction of dhamma" after knowing, weighing, judging, separating, clarifying.
"Mindful", there are four ways to be mindful: when practicing mindfulness in the
body and mindfulness... (omitted) he is called mindful. "Walker", when you go,
live, act, guard, survive, (guarding time, surviving time, etc. ??), exist. "For
those who know the thoughts afterwards.

"Able to live through love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is
greed, ... (abbreviated) unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean
to be loving? The "spread" is for love (??); the "broad" is for love; the "vast"
is for love; the "incorrect" is for love; "it forces" is for love; "it seizes"
is for love; "Fraud" is for love; "poisonous root" is for love; "poisonous
fruit" is for love; "poison is used" is for love; or, "the vast thirst for love:
in form... sound... smell... taste... (omitted), the material realm, the
formless realm, want to have (??), the four, the five endowments, past, future,
now, the enlarged attachments in the dhammas that are seen, heard, felt, and
knowable" are love. "In the world", in the world of suffering, in the world of
humans, (omitted)..., and in the world of being. "Able to survive the love in
the world": "The love in the world, or the love in the world (??) [Ni.1], he can
pass through, surpass, pass, transcend, and overcome thoughtfully. "For the love
in the world to survive. (To be able to spend love in the world ??)

23. I am so happy with that (I rejoice because of that), Great Immortal! The supreme Dhamma,
Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love of the world.

"I am happy with that that": ""That", your words, language, teaching, and
admonition. "I rejoice", I rejoice; I am happy; I love; I want, I can use, I
beg, I hope, I pray." I am so happy for that.

"The Great Immortal! The Supreme Dhamma": ""The Great Immortal", why is the
Blessed the Great Immortal? The seeker and the pursuer of the Great Ring
Aggregate (??)" is the Great Immortal; ... of the great concentration... ...of
the great liberation of wisdom and perception... ...the broken pieces gathered
in the dark (??), ...the destruction of the great upside down (??); "seekers who
thirst for piercing arrows" are great immortals; "seekers of unraveling of great
views" are great immortals;" ...of the Great Slow Banner (??); ...of the calming
of the great works (??); ...of transcendence; the seekers who lay down the great
burden are the great immortals; the seekers of the severance of the cycle...;
...of extinction of the great heat...; ...of the cessation of the great heat...,
...of the rise of the flag (??), ...of the great minds, great righteousness,
great roots, great powers, great enlightenment, Great Eight Paths; the seeker of
the immortal Nibbana of the great highest interest" is the great immortal;
"Sought, pursued, and searched for by the powerful beings: Where is the Buddha?
Where is the Blessed One? Where is the god among the gods? Where is the bull
king among the people?" Such is the great immortal. "The highest Dhamma", the
highest Dhamma is called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all
actions, the cessation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed,
extinguishment, and Nibbana. "Supreme", the first, the most victorious, the
highest, the top, the most, the apex of Dhamma." For the great immortal! The
highest Dhamma.

"Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness (whosoever knows after the mindful
walker??)": "After known, measured, judged, separated, and clarified: "All
actions are impermanent" after known, measured, judged, separated, and
clarified; "all actions are suffering" ... "All Dhamma is no-self"... (omitted)
"all dhamma is extinction".... "Conscientious" means conscientious in four ways:
when practicing mindfulness on the body, it is conscientious... (abbreviated) on
the mind... ...on the heart... when practising on the Dhamma... he is
called mindful. "Walker", when walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding,
making existence. "For all those who know the thoughts afterwards.

"Able to live through the love in (of??) the world": "Love" is called craving,
which is greed,... unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean to be
loving? "... (omitted) "In the world" ... (omitted) world). "Able to pass the
love in the world": "He can pass through, transcend, and overcome thoughtfully
in that world of love, or in the world of love." Through the love in the world.

24. [Blessed One: "Milegu!"] Anything you know rightly, in the upper, lower and
    middle four directions,
Rejoice and dwell in these, after the removal of consciousness the knowledge will not exist (live?? stand in existence??).

"Anything you know rightly": "What you know, what you understand." Everything you know rightly.
"Milegu", the Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name. "Blessed One"... (omitted).

"In the upper, lower, and middle four directions": ""Up" is the future, "Down"
is the past, "Middle Four" is the present; "Up" is the heavenly world, "Down" is
the hell world, "Middle Four" is the world of human beings. Or, "Up" is good
Dhamma, "Down" is unwholesome Dhamma, "Middle Four" is non-marked Dhamma;
"Up" is the formless realm, "Down" is the desire realm, and "Middle Four" is
the physical realm; "Up" means joy, "Down" means suffering, "Middle
Four" means neither suffering nor joy; "Up" means above the sole of the
foot, "Down" means below the hair, and "Middle Four" means in the middle. "It
is the four directions above, below, and in the middle.

"Rejoice and dwell in these, the knowledge that is removed will not remain in
existence": "In these", being explained, taught, informed, established,
uncovered, analyzed, and clarified. Happiness is called craving, which is
greed... unwholesome roots. "Living", there are two kinds of living: the thirsty
(craving) living and the seeing living. How to live as a thirsty person? All
with thirst... (omitted) This is the dwelling of thirst. What is living by
seeing? There are twenty people who rely on the body to see... (omitted) This is
the living of seeing.

"Knowledge after removal": "Knowledge that is capable of blessing, non-blessing,
and knowledge that does not move [SN.12.51]. In these, the knowledge that
rejoices and moves (??).  After removal, after exclusion, after breaking, giving
up, abandoning, driving away, ending, and making it go to non-existence." For
the joy and dwelling in these, the consciousness after removal.

"Whether there is to live without standing (??)": "Yes", there are two kinds: kamma
and rebirth. What is kamma? Blessed deeds, non-blessed deeds, and immovable
deeds are kamma. What is rebirth? The forms, feelings, thoughts, behaviors and
consciousness of the knot (??) are reborn. "Won't stay in existence": "The knowledge
and kamma that rejoice and abide in the practice and the rebirth of rebirth (??) will
break, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence. It will not stand
still; it will not stand or stand still at the conjunctivation (??) again." This
means that the knowledge that has been removed will not stand at existence.

25. Those who live in this way, have mindfulness, and do not let go (relax): Bhikkhus
    who abandon all things that I hold,
birth, aging, sorrow, and grief, it is here that the wise can give up
suffering.

"Those who live like this, have mindfulness, and do not let go (relax)": ""Live
like this", "Knowledge and kamma to live and live together (??), as well as the
rebirth of the rebirth (??), the renunciation, the driving away, the end, and
the making it go to non-existence. "For those who live like this. "Mindfulness"
is conscientious in four ways: when practicing mindfulness in the body...
(omitted) he is called mindful. "Those who do not let go" are respectful authors
(??), regular authors, non-stop authors, those who have the habit of not being
stuck, those who do not neglect their desires, those who do not neglect
responsibility and those who are not negligent of good Dhamma; "How can I
complete the unfinished vows, or the completed vows can be funded everywhere
with wisdom(??)?" Where he has intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not
flinching, mindfulness, right knowledge, enthusiasm, zealousness, establishment,
practice, not letting go, and not relaxing in good Dhamma; "How can I complete
the unfinished concentration... (abbreviated) Hui Yun (??)... Liberty
Aggregate... unfinished liberating wisdom view aggregate...  completed liberated
wisdom view aggregate...? "Where he has intentions, diligence, courage,
...(omitted). "How can I know the future? The suffering of omniscience, or the
pollution that has not been abandoned, or the way that has not been practised,
or the testimony, the destruction?" Where he has intentions, diligence, ....
"For those who live in this way, have mindfulness, and don't let go.

"Bhikkhus who abandon all that I hold": ""Bhikkhus", philanthropist bhikkhus, or
learning bhikkhus. "Bhikkhus", "when walking, staying, acting, turning up,
guarding, and sustaining, surviving." "I hold (I do??)", there are two kinds of
self attachment (things that I do??): [because (for??)] the thirsty self-holding
and [because] sees the self-holding... (omitted) (??) (??) This is the thirsty
self-holding ...This is the self-holding of seeing...the end of the self-holding
of the one who is thirsty and thirsting; After the end, make it go after it does
not exist (??). "For the bhikkhus to abandon all of me." (??)

"Birth, aging, sorrow, and grief, where the wise can give up suffering":
"Birth", (omitted, see previous).... "Aging", .... "Sorrow", .... "Grief", ....
"Here", ..... "The wise" are those who have reached clarity, the wise.
"Suffering", .... "Birth, aging, sorrow, and grief, where the wise can give up
suffering": "The one who has arrived, the wise are born here, aging and sorrow,
grief, he can give up, can drive away, can end, can make them go to
non-existence." Birth, aging, sorrow, grief, it is here that the wise can give
up suffering.

26. I rejoice at Great Immortal's words, which are well said: Gautam is a
non-dependent author (??),
Blessed One! For it is true that you have given up suffering, for these
Dhammas like this have been known to you.

"I rejoice in the words of Great Immortal": ...(omitted, see previous). "I rejoice",
.... "Great Immortal", ....

"Well said: Gautam is a non-dependent author (??)": ""Well said", "Speaking
well, interpreting, teaching, informing, establishing,, uncovering, analyzing,,
clarifying, and explanatory. "Speaking for the good. "Gotama is a non-dependant
author", according to what is called the pollution and the aggregates and the
creations, Severance, the cessation of adherence, the cessation of adherence,
immortality, and Nibbana." Telling for the good: Gautam is a non-dependent
author.

"Master! For it is true that you have given up suffering": ""Truly", this is
decisive language, undoubted language, confident language, unduly, undoubtedly
reciting language, command language, and language without error, the word of
certainty, which is "reality". "World Honored", (omitted).... "You give up
suffering", life suffering, old age suffering, sickness, death, sorrow, grief,
despair, bitterness, you give up, abandon, drive away, put to an end, and cause
to cease to exist. "Lord! Because indeed you gave up suffering."

"Because like this you are the knower of these Dhammas": "Because like this you are
the knower, the judge, the clarifier, the understander of these Dhammas."
Because like this you are the knower of these laws.

27. Indeed, they can also give up suffering: Muni, you will continue to teach
people,
After meeting you, I salute you: Dragon Elephant! Perhaps the Blessed One will
continue to teach me.

"They can indeed give up suffering": ""They" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha,
Sudra, laymen, monks, those in the heavens, and people. "Can give up suffering",
birth suffering, old age suffering, (omitted)..., they can give up, discard,
dispel, end, and make them to be non-existent. They can indeed give up
suffering.

"Muni, you will continue to teach those": "The "who..." are
Kshatriya, Brahman, (omitted).... "You", he
said that the Blessed One "Muni", which is Wisdom... (omitted).
"Will continue to teach", will continue to explain,
will teach thoroughly, and teach repeatedly, will teach again and again, will
teach continuously." Muni, you will continue to teach.

"After I met you, I saluted you: Dragon Elephant": ""You", he said the
world-honored. "I salute", I salute with my body, or I show respect with words, or
with my heart, or I respect as it means (??), or I follow the Dhamma to show
respect; reverence. "After meeting",
after meeting, having completely met, fully met, I will salute you.
"Dragon Elephant (??)", "Dragon Elephant and the Blessed One do not commit crimes (sin??)" is
a dragon elephant; "Don't go (??)" is a dragon elephant; "Don't come (??)" is a dragon
elephant. How is "the Blessed One does not commit a crime" a dragon elephant?
Crime is called evil unwholesome dhamma: following pollution, re-existing,
fearful, bitter, future life and death.

[Blessed One:] [Sn.3.6, 527 verse]

"He who does not commit any crime in the world, after leaving all bonds and ties,
does not cling to everything and is freed. Those like this are truly called
dragon elephants."

This is "no crime" as a dragon elephant.

How is "The Lord is not going" as a dragon elephant? The Blessed One should not
do what he does not want; do not because of terror; do not go because of greed;
do not go because of hatred; not because of ignorance; not because of slowness;
not because of seeing; not because of disbelief; do not go because of doubt; do
not go because of potential troubles; don't be carried away by quarrels
(disharmony), walk, carry, carry (?? ??). This is "The Lord is not going" as a
dragon elephant.

How is "The Lord is not coming" as a dragon elephant? Any pollution that is cut
off by the Sutohuan Taoshe (??), the pollution he no longer experiences, does
not return, and does not go back; it is said that... (omitted) is not
returned... all that is polluted by the Arahat Path, those pollutions He no
longer experiences, does not return, does not go back. This is "The Lord is not
coming" as a dragon elephant. "I respect you after meeting you: the dragon
elephant.

"Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me": "Perhaps the Blessed One
will continue to teach, thoroughly teach, continuously teach, repeatedly teach,
will teach me." For perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me.

28. Any Brahman can prove to be a person who knows the Vedas, has no owner, has
no attachment to desire and existence,
It is true that he has survived the storm, and has crossed the other shore as an
undesirable person, an unsuspecting person (as a desolate person??).

"A Brahmin can prove to be a person who knows the Vedas": ""Brahman", the
exclusion of the seven methods is the brahman: seeing is excluded, doubt is
excluded, abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded,
illusion is eliminated, sloth is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods
are eliminated: those that are contaminated, those that are no longer there,
those that are fearful, those who will suffer the consequences, and those who
will die in the future.

[World Honored One:] [Sn.3.6, 524 verses]

After all evil is eliminated, the state of being standing in the standing state (??),
After he transcends reincarnation, he becomes a perfect man. Those who are not
dependent, like this can be called him, Brahman.

"Know the Vedas": "Vedas are called the wisdom on the four realms... (omitted)
He is one who knows the Vedas after transcending all Vedas. "Can prove to know",
be able to testify, know, can distinguish, know for sure, can penetrate. "Any
Brahmin can prove the knowledge of the Vedas.

"No owner, desire and existence without obsession": "No owner", greed is a thing
(owner??); hatred is a thing; ignorance is a thing; sloth is a thing; seeing is
a thing; pollution is a thing; evil deeds are things. For him, any of these have
been cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of
wisdom, he is called the one who has no ownership. "Desire", there are two kinds
of desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these
are called the desires of things... (omitted). "Yes (?? there are two kinds of
"there are??")", there are two types: kamma and rebirth... (omitted). "There is
no owner, and there is no obsessive in desire.": "A person who has no
possessions in desire [and] is unattached, unobstructed, has departed, has given
up, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the
liberated heart." He is a person who has no owner, no attachment to desire and
existence.

"It's true that he has survived the storm": "'It is true', this is the decisive
language... (omitted).
"The storm", the storm of desire, some torrents (??), torrents of sight, ignorant
torrents. "Passed", he surpassed, passed trough, overtook. "To be sure, he
has survived the storm.

TODO: this next bit really needs work. "And those who have crossed the other
shore are those who are not deserted, and who do not doubt": "'Have passed," the
storm of desire has passed; some storms (??)... seen storms...; the storm of
ignorance... the current has passed; the violent currents of reincarnation have
passed, been surpassed, passed, crossed, transcended, overcome, he is the one
who has descended, the person who has practiced, the person who has completed
the journey, and the person who has reached the direction (arrived??). Those who
have reached the end, those who have guarded the Brahma, ...who have reached the
highest view, ...who have practiced the Path, ...cut off the pollutants, ...have
been unshakable, and those who have witnessed the destruction, for him are
already known and gathered (??). Those who have given up, have practiced the
Path, ...already given testimony, ...proved that they can be known, ...been
omniscient ...practiced and should be practiced, ...given evidence and should be
testified. He is the one whose obstacles have been removed, the one whose ditch
has been filled, the one whose pillar has been pulled up, ...who has no bolts,
...whose holy flag has fallen, whose burden has been removed, who has separated,
whose five branches have been cut off, and the one whose six branches have been
removed. Those who possess (??), have one guardian and four reliances. They are
those whose truths have been removed, who seek to have renounced and completely
decay, who have no turbid intentions, who have calmed their lives, are kind and
free, are free of (in??) wisdom, the highest person who has been completely
completed, the supreme person, who has proven the supreme achievement, neither
composes nor dismantles, does not stack up and then stand (??); neither gives up
nor clings, but stands after giving up; does not disperse nor accumulate, stays
standing after dispelling; neither extinguishes nor ignites, stays standing
after extinguishing [SN.22.79], is the inhabited person with the state of no
learning precepts... (omitted) [ Non-learning] concentration... liberating
aggregates... the inhabited and established persons who have the state of
non-learning to liberate the wisdom perception aggregates, and those who have
settled upon completion and penetration of the truth. Those who have settled
after overcoming the disturbances, those who have settled after the pollution
fire is extinguished, those who have been living in the state of no longer
coming at all (??), those who have already settled after being grasped by
victory (??), are living in state of liberation, the state of compassion and
purity, the compassion... (omitted) joy...... the inhabited state of peace and
purity, the inhabited state of ultimate purity, and the state of with no equal,
the inhabited in the fulfilled state, the inhabited in the boundary of the
abundance (ultimate) (??), the inhabited in the boundary of the realm. Those who
stand, those who have settled on the boundary of the place, those who have
settled on the boundary of the place (interest), those who have settled on the
boundary of the rebirth, those who have settled on the boundary of the birth,
those who have been inhabited on the boundary of reincarnation, those who have
been inhabited on the boundary of rotation, those who have been inhabited on the
last, and those who have been inhabited on the last gathering (body), Arahat
holding the last body.

"This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),
The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth."

"Already crossed the other shore": The other shore is called immortality,
Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the extinction of craving, greed, annihilation, and Nibbana. He is the one who
has reached the other shore; the one who has reached the other side,
(omitted)... the final target; ...the end, the boundary, the ultimate. Those who
have reached the end, the shelter, have reached the refuge; those who have
reached the refuge have reached no terror; no terror, ...no death; no death,
deathless; deathless, Nibbana; Nibbana... he is a person who as descended and
practiced... (omitted) The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. "It
means that I have crossed the other shore.

"Undesired (no desolate??)": the desolation of greed, the desolation of anger,
the desolation of ignorance, the desolation of resentment... (omitted) all the
desolation of unwholesome deeds, for him these desolations have been cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is
called the non-desolate. "Undoubted": Suspicion on suffering, suspicion on
accumulation of suffering, ...cessation of suffering, ...the path leading to
suffering, the front, the back, ...in the context of the context, the suspicion
of the specific conditional conditions, such doubts, doubtful states, confusion,
hesitation, crossroads, inconsistent grasping, hesitating, unresolved, stiff
state, confusion of the mind; for him these doubts have been cut off, calmed
down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom; he is called the
unskeptical. "Being and having crossed the other shore is not deserted, not
doubtful.

29. All the wise and those who are versed in Vedas are here, after all kinds of
  sacredness (??),
He is a person who is thirsty (for love??), has no worries, and has no desire. I say that he
has survived (spent, passed through??) "birth and aging".

"Here are all the wise and who those who know the Vedas": "The "wise man" is one
who is wise, .... "Where", what kind of person is like...or person (??). Knows
with the Vedas", the Vedas are called wisdom, roots of wisdom, strength, choice,
enlightenment, investigation, vipassana, right view in the four realms. Those
who have been born, aged, and died in the Vedas have arrived at the ultimate
(target); the person who has reached the end; ...(omitted, see previous) Or "the
one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who knows the Vedas, or the "the one
who has reached the Vedas" is the master of the Vedas, or those who have known
the seven dhammas and are well versed in the Vedas: one who knows,
doubts...(omitted) abstain from taking... greed... aversion... silly(??)... slow
to be known(??), its evils Dhamma is known: the ones that are polluted, the ones
that are there again(??), the ones that have fear, the ones that suffer the
consequences, and the ones that will live and die in the future.

[Blessed One:] [Sn.3.6, 534]

Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Samanas and Brahmins that exist
here,
He is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is one
versed in the Vedas.

"People" are all beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals,
lives, those who are born, sentient beings, those who are born in Indra, and
Manu. "Here", it belongs to this... (omitted) in this person's world. "Here is
the wise man who knows the Vedas."

TODO: "dyed" in this context might mean something like "stained"? "After all
kinds of things are dyed (??) and dismissed": ""In all kinds of existence", in
all kinds of existence of kamma, in the existence of desires; in the existence
of desires, in the existence of materiality; in the kamma of material existence,
in the existence of the formless existence; in the kamma of the formless
existence, in the existence again and again; in the repeated interest, in the
rebirth and rebirth, in the birth of individuals. "Dying", there are seven kinds
of dyes: greedy dyeing, hatred dyeing, idiotic dyeing, slow dyeing, seeing
dyeing, polluting dyeing, evil dyeing. "After giving up", after giving up after
dyeing, it is after giving up, or on dyeing (??), on bondage, on expanding
bondage, on the entangled, on the attached, on being fixed on, on the obstacle,
after being shaken on the binding (??) after leaving, such as carriage ride, or
sedan, or wagon, or chariot should be transported (people, things ??). After the
release (dissociation), they are placed and destroyed. Similarly, after dyeing
and giving up, it is after giving up (??), ...(omitted) on the bondage after
being shaken away. "It's after all kinds of afflicted with the sacrifice. (??)

"He is a person who is free from love, who has no distress, and has no desire. I
say that he has passed through "birth and aging": "Craving for love" is the
craving for form (color??)... the craving for Dhamma. For him who thirst for
love has been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and
burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who departs from the thirst,
the one who has departed from the thirst, and the one who abandons the thirst.
Eliminate those who thirst for love, liberate those who thirst for love, give up
those who thirst for love, those who renounce greed, those who abandon greed,
those who eliminate greed, those who are free from greed. The one who is not
hungry and thirsty, the one who has become cool, the one who feels happiness,
and the one who lives as a Brahman, he is the one who is free from thirst. "No
distress (worry-free??)", greed is distressed; anger is distressed; ignorance is
distressed; (omitted)... all bad practices are distressed. For him, these
distresses are cut off (omitted)...; he is called the one who has no distress.
"No desire", desire is called craving, which is greed, (omitted)..., unwholesome
roots. For him who this desire is cut off (omitted)..., he is called the one who
has no desire. "Born", among all beings... (omitted) everywhere. "Aging", the
degeneration of the roots of all living beings... (omitted), this is called old
age. "He is the one who thirsts, the one who has no distress, and the one who
has no desire. I say that he has passed through "birth and aging"": "Where he is
the one who is free from the thirst, the one who has no distress, and the one
who has no desire, "birth, aging, death, he does pass, surpass, transcend,
cross, and overcome." I said, I explained, I taught, (omitted)...." For he is a
man free from love, who has no distress, and has no desire; I say that he has
survived "birth and aging."

---

At the end of these verses.... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."
