### 5. Dhotaka

30. [Venerable Dhotaka like this:] Lord, I ask you, please tell me this, great
    rishi! I look forward to your words,
After hearing what you said, one should learn for one's own Nibbāna.

"Master, let me ask you, please tell me this.": ""I ask", ... (omitted, see
previous). "World Honored One" ... (omitted).

"[Venerable Dhotaka like this]": "'Like this", ...(omitted). "Dhotaka", the
Brahmin's name ...(omitted).

"Great rishi! I look forward to your words": "Your words, ways of speaking,
teaching, teaching, admonition, I expect, I hope, I pray. "Great rishi" , Why is
the Blessed One a great rishi? "The seeker, pursuer, ...(omitted).

"After hearing your words": "Your speech, language, teachings admonitions; after
hearing, after grasping, after understanding, after discriminating." After
hearing your words.

TODO: I don't understand something about the sentences here.
"You should learn for your own Nibbāna": "There are three kinds of learning:
...(omitted, see previous). "For your own Nibbāna" and for your own greed (??)
Nibbāna, anger, ignorance, resentment... (slightly omitted) To  calm, silence,
extinguish, cut off, and cease all unwholesome practices, you should learn to
increase precepts. You should also learn To increase mind and wisdom. These
three learnings should be studied when directed towards (noting); when known
they should be learned; when seen... (omitted); when introspecting...; and being
careful to establish (decision), you should learn; you should learn when you win
by faith; you should learn when you have energetic effort; you should learn when
mindfulness arises; you should learn with mindfulness (focus); you should learn
when you know with wisdom; We should learn when we are proved (??); we should
learn when we should be omniscience (??); we should learn when we should be
renounced; we should learn when we should be practiced as evidence
(testimony??); Learning [Ps.1,41.], should be practiced, should be carried out
well, and should be turned after being held up." It is because you should learn
for your own Nibbāna.

31. [Blessed one: "Dhotaka!"] If that is the case, please be enthusiastic, and
    wise and mindful here,
After hearing these words, you should learn for your own Nibbāna.

"If that's the case, please be enthusiastic": "Please be enthusiastic; please be
brave; please be zealous; please have fortitude; please be firm; please be
vigorous, and may you make it happen; make it arise; make it fully produced;
make it appear; make it live." Be enthusiastic.

"Dhotaka", .... "Blessed One", ....

"Wise and mindful here": ""Here", belongs to this view; belongs to this liking;
belongs to this hobby; in this attachment; in this Dhamma; in this teaching; in
this brahma; in the teachings of this master; in this individual; in this human
world. "Wise", the concious,, the enlightened, the discriminating, the wise.
"Mindful", "Mindful in four ways: when practicing ...(omitted). Wise and
thoughtful right here.

"After hearing these words": ...(omitted).

"You should learn for your own Nibbāna": ...(omitted, see previous).

32. (Dhotaka:) I see a Brahman owning nothing in the world of heaven and the
    world of mean,
I salute you, all-seeing one, Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubts.

"I see in heaven and the world of men": "Heaven", there are three kinds of
heaven: secular heaven, reborn heaven, and pure heaven. What is secular heaven?
Kings and princes and queens are called secular heavens. What is the rebirth?
The Four Kings, Thirty-Three Heavens, night days, day of the day, free days
(??), all Brahma heavens, and all the heavens above that are called Rebirth
Heavens. What is pure heaven? [Tathāgata,] The troubles of the disciples of the
Tathāgata have been exhausted. Arahants and Fanzhu (??) Bhikkhu Buddhas are
called pure heavens. The Blessed One is the heaven of the secular and the
departed heaven (??), the heaven of the pure heaven, the victorious heaven, the
heaven among the heaven, the lion among the lions, the dragon among the dragons,
the lord among the lords, the muni among the munis, the king among the kings. "I
see in the heavens and in the world of man": "In the world of man I see the
heavens (??); I see the superior heaven; I see the heaven in the heaven, I see,
I watch, I meditate, I observe." In the world of heaven and man.

"Brahman actors (doers) without possessions": ""No", no greed, no hatred,
...ignorance, sloth, seeing (sight), pollution, evil deeds; any of those who
treat the Buddha (for Buddha??) and the world (??), it has been cut off, and the
roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming
non-existent and immortal for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is called no
owner (not owner of these things??). "Brahman", the Blessed One is the Seven
Dhammas, the excluded state is Brahman (the Blessed One is the excluded state of
the seven laws of Brahmin ??): seeing is excluded, suspicion is excluded,
abstinence.., greed..., aversion, ignorance, sloth, and those evil and
unwholesome dhammas are excluded: those that are polluted, there are again.
People who are fearful, who suffer the consequences, and will die in the future.

Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 524 verses]

"After all evil is eliminated, the state where the decontaminated good enters
the concentration standing (dwelling),
He transcends samsara and becomes a consummation (hero??). Those who are not dependent,
like this can be called a Brahman. "

"Actor", walker, doer, dweller, turner, guardian, and survivor. "A Brahmin
actor who has nothing.

"I respect you, all-seeing one": ""You", he said the world-honored. "I
respect", I respect with my body, or I respect with words, or I respect with my
heart, or I respect in its meaning, or I follow the Dhamma to show respect,
salute . "All eyes", all eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom. The
Blessed One arrives (has) (??), the state of intelligence of fully reaching
(having), entering, fully entering, having enough, having all the knowledge.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there are still
unknowable, unknowable things (there are _no_ unknowable things??), He proves
that everything that exists should be guided, because the Tathāgata is like that
for all eyes. (as it is for all eyes??)"" [Ps.1, paragraph 121]

I salute you, all-seeing one.

"Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubts": "Sakyamuni", "Sakyamuni is a monk from
the house of Sakya." This is Sakyamuni. Or, "the rich, the wealthy." This is
also Sakya. For him there are these wealth, namely: trusting wealth, abstaining
from wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing about wealth, giving wealth, wisdom
wealth, mindfulness of wealth, righteous wealth, divine wealth, root wealth,
strength wealth, enlightenment wealth, Path wealth, Fruit wealth, Nibbāna
wealth, and use these various treasures as (for??) the rich, the wealthy. Or,
"Those who are possible, those who are able, those who flow out all kinds of
things, those who are sufficient, those who are heroes, those who are brave,
those who are heroic, those who are not timid, those who are not frightened,
those who do not run away, those who have given up fear of fear, those who have
given up terror and fear." Also Sakyamuni. Doubts are called doubts: doubt on
suffering, doubt on the path leading to suffering, doubt on the foreground,
doubt on the background, doubt in the context of the context (??), the doubt in
the specific conditional condition (??), such doubts, suspicions, doubtful
states, confusion, hesitation, crossroads, inconsistent grasping, hesitating,
incomplete understanding, stiff state, confusion of mind. "Sakyamuni! Please
free me from doubt": "Please free me; please release me; pull me out; please
pull me out completely; bring me out of doubt." Sakyamuni! Please free me from
doubts.

33. (The Blessed One:) I will not be able to liberate, Dhotaka, anyone who
    doubts in the world,
When you know the best Dhamma, then you will get through this storm.

"I will not be able to liberate": "You, I will not be able to release, free,
make liberated, pull out, pull out completely, make to ascend, make to fully
ascend, in a doubtful arrow state (of being struck with the arrow of doubt??).
"I will not be able to liberate". Or, "I don't work hard on the unbelievers, on
the unwilling, on the slack, on those with inferior vitality, on the inactive; I
don't do my best; I don't strive; I don't do with valor; I don't work with
enthusiasm; I don't make fortitude; I don't make determination; I don't make
vitality; I don't make it produce; I don't make it appear; I don't make it fully
produced; I don't make it arise; I don't make it give birth to the teachings of
the Dhamma." This is also incapable of liberation. Or, "You don't have any other
liberators. Those who can be liberated use their own fortitude, with their own
energy, with their own striving, with their own brave efforts, with their own
power, with their own human power, with their own human vitality, with their own
work, with their own correct way of doing, following the path, not going the
opposite way, the way of following the Dhamma, and the way of doing the Dhamma,
they can be freed." This is also the way I will not be liberate you.

This was said by the Blessed One: "Chunta (Pure??)! "I am the one who has fallen
into the quagmire and will pull out the other people who have fallen into the
quagmire." This is impossible. Chunta! "I am an unregulated, untrained,
non-Nibbāna one. I will make others tune, train, and attain Nibbāna." This is
impossible. [MN.8]" This is also being incapable of liberating you.

This is said by the World Honored One: [Dph.12,165]
"He has done evil, he is polluted,
He who does do not do evil, he comes pure,
Purity and impurity are separate, one cannot make the other pure."
This is also not being able to liberate you.

This was also said by the Blessed One: "Similarly, Brahmin! Nibbāna stays and
stands, which leads to the way of Nibbāna stays and stands (?? Nibbāna lived,
guided by the way of Nibbāna??). My persuasion stays (My advice to live??).
However, when my disciples are taught and admonished in this way, some of them
have reached the ultimate end Nibbāna, but some will not arrive, Brahmin! What
can I do here? Brahmin! Tathāgata is the waypointer. [MN.107] Buddha only tells
(guides) the way, and they can be liberated when they practice it by
themselves." This also is not being able to liberate you.

"Any doubter in the world": "A doubter, a person who has doubts,
confusion, and hesitation. "Any (person)", any khattiya, or Brahman, or
Vaisha, or Sudra, or layman, or monk, or heaven, or person. "In the world", in
the world of the suffering world... (omitted). Any doubter in the world.

"When knowing the most triumphant Dhamma": "The highest Dhamma is called
immortality, Nibbāna, which is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of
all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed, extinguishment, and Nibbāna.
"Supreme, the first, the most victorious, the extraordinary, the highest,
the most advanced method; when knowing, distinguishing, understanding,
through." When knowing the most winning method.

"This way you will get through this storm": "Such a storm of desire, the storm
of seeing, the ignorant, you can get through, you can surpass, you can you can
overcome the storm. "For this you will get through this storm.

34. (Dhotaka:) Brahman! I ask, out of compassion, teach me the Dhamma of
    seclusion,
(So that) As the void (space) is not bound, here I can walk silently and
    unrestrained.

"Brahmin! Please teach the commandment out of compassion": ""Brahmin! Please
teach the commandment; Brahman! Please help; Brahman! Please be merciful."
Brahman! Please teach the commandment. "The compassionate person", The
compassionate, the sympathizer, the protector, the funder, the compassionate."
Brahmin! The compassionate person asks you to teach.

"The Dhamma of seclusion that I can know": "Away-from Dhamma is called
immortality, Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all
attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbāna. "I can
know", I can know, dissociate (??), know for sure, understand, prove, reach, and
testify." The seclusion Dhamma I can know.

"As the void (space) is not bound": "As the void is not stuck, not captured, not
bound, not tied to the world, then it is the one who is not stuck, not captured,
and not tied, the one who is not bound by all over (??)." This is like a person
who has no evil in the void. "If the emptiness is not dyed with carmine, or
golden yellow, or indigo, or deep red [color], then the one who is not dyed, the
one who is not angry, the one who does not change foolishly, and the one who
does not pollute." This is also like the emptiness of the void. "If the void
does not get angry, is not abusive, does not resist, and is not attacked, this
is the one who is not angry, the one who is not abusive, the one who does not
resist, the one who is not attacked, and the one who does not fight back." This
is also like the absence of the void (vanity of the harmless??)

TODO: this section definitely got messed up
"Here I can walk silently and unrestrainedly": ""Here silently", "when you are
here; when you are sitting here; when you are sitting on this seat; it's when
sitting down among the crowd." This is just here silently. Or, "Just here is
silent, calm, cooled, stopped." This is also here silently. There are two kinds
of dependence in the "non-resistance ground (??)": the dependence of craving and
the dependence of seeing... (omitted) This is the dependence of craving...
(omitted). After the dependence of love has been cut off, and the dependence of
seeing has been cut off, it becomes the non-dependant of the eyes, the
non-reliant of the ear, the non-reliant of the nose, the non-reliant of the
tongue, and the non-reliant of the body. Those who do not depend on the mind,
the forms... the sounds... the smells... the tastes... the touches... the
dhammas... the family... the group (the crowd)... the residence... the
benefit... the reputation... the praise ...clothes... food... dwelling...
(omitted), the Desire Realm..., The Formed Realm... The Formless Realm... The
Desire to Be...The Formless... Want to Have(??)... there is no desire to
exist... the one aggregate has... the four aggregates have... the five
aggregates have... the past...the future...now...is what you see, hear, feel,
and can be known. Those who do not adhere to, those who do not fall into, those
who do not turn their minds toward (victory), those who have left, have given
up, have been freed, have been separated from the bondage, living with a
restrained heart. "Can do" can live, can act, can turn, can guard, can survive"
To walk quietly and unrestrainedly here.

35. [Blessed One: "Dhotaka!"] I will tell you about the stillness, known in
    (real) life rather than (through) rumor,
Anyone who knows it, living mindfully, can cross over love (desire) in the
    world.

"I will tell you about the stillness": "The stillness of greed, the stillness of
aversion, ...(omitted) ignorance, ... anger, resentment, evil deeds, jealousy,
...(omitted, see previous)... stillness of all unwholesome creations; silence,
cessation; I will tell, announce, say, explain, teach, interpret, build,
uncover, parse, clarify." I will tell you about the stillness.

"[Blessed One: "Dhotaka"] ": ""Dhotaka", the World Venerable calls the woman by
her name. "Blessed One", ...(omitted).

"In the current life and not from hearsay": ...(omitted, see previous section).

"Anyone who lives mindfully after knowing": ...(omitted, see previous section).

"Able to live through love in the world": ...(omitted, see previous section).

36. (Dhotaka:) I rejoice at that, great rishi! The highest silence,
Anyone who knows which, living mindfully, can cross through love in the world.

"I rejoice at that": ""That", your words, language, teaching, teaching,
admonition. "I rejoice", I am happy, I beg (??), I hope, I pray." I am so happy
for that.

"Great rishi! The Supreme Silence": ""Great rishi" ...(omitted). ""The supreme
silence", silence is called immortality, Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all
actions, ...(omitted)." Great rishi! The highest silence.

"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing": "After knowing... (omitted).

"Able to live through the love in the world": "Love" is called craving...
(omitted).

37. [Blessed One: "Dhotaka!"] Anything you know rightly, in the upper, lower and
    middle four directions,
After knowing that this is the "tie" in the world, you should not be thirsty for
    all kinds of existence.

"Anything you know rightly": "Anything you know rightly, what you understand, ,
what you know, what you know for sure." Anything you know rightly. ""Dhotaka",
the Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name. "Blessed One", ....

"In the upper, lower, and middle four directions": ...(omitted).

"Knowing that this is the "tie" in the world": "This is tie, this is adhesion,
this is binding, this is an obstacle." After knowing, after understanding, after
weighing, after judging, after separating; after knowing it." After knowing that
this is the "tie" in the world.

"Don't thirst in all kinds of existence": ""Thirst for love", the thirst for
form, the thirst for sound... (omitted) the thirst for Dhamma. "In all kinds of
existence", all kinds of existence in kamma, in the middle, in the desire to be
there again; in the desire to have, the physical existence; in the physical
existence, the formless existence; in the formless existence, there is again and
again (??); in repeated interest, in rebirth, in rebirth, and in individual
birth (??). Don't be thirsty, don't arouse craving, don't produce desire, you
don't want to thirst, don't give birth to thirst, give up, drive away, cause to
end end, make it go to non-existence." Don't crave for all kinds of things.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."
