### 7. Explanations asked by Nanda student Brahmin

46. [Venerable Nanda like this:] There are various Muni (many Munis??) in the world, why do
    people say that?
Do they say that Muni is a man of wisdom? Or the one who has enough life?

"There are Muni in the world": ""Existence", exists, is known, has, and is
found. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted, see
previous sections). "Muni", name The evil Ming Wai Dao, Niqantuo, the knotter,
and the ascetics called Muni (??)." There are Muni in the world.

"[Like this Venerable Nanda]": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Why do people say this?": "The "people" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra,
laymen, monks, the heavens, people. "(They) say", they tell, talk, explain,
speak. "Why is this?", question of doubt ...(omitted). Why do people say this?

"They say that Muni is a person of wisdom": "They say, tell, talk, explain, say
that Muni has, fully possessed, reached, fully reached the eight levels of
wisdom, or the five magical powers." Why do they say that Muni is a wise man?

"Still has enough life": "Or do they say, tell, talk, explain, and say that Muni
has, fully possessed, reached, fully reached, possessed, fully possessed,
possessed all kinds of things, all kinds of extremes, the first difficulty, an
filthy life (??)." A person who has enough life.

47. It's not to see, not to hear, not to know, it's hard to do (Nanda??)! The skillful
    people here say Muni,
Those who live a life without suffering or desire after leaving the legion, I
call them "Muni".

"Not by seeing, not by hearing, not by wisdom": ""Not by seeing", not by seeing
pure (??). "Not by hearing", not by being pure by hearing. "Not by wisdom", not
by eighth ultimate wisdom, not based on the five gods, nor is it based on the
evil wisdom."

"Nanda! The skillful people here say Muni": "'The skillful," those who have
skillful, those skilled in the realm, those who have arisen, those who dependent
on the skill, those skillful in mindfulness, ...in diligence, ...supernatural
power, the root, strength, consciousness, the Path, the Fruit, Nibanna; they
don't (don't??) say, don't talk, don't indicate that Muni has, fully possessed,
arrived, fully arrived, fully possessed, see purity (??), or heard purity, or
eight-level wisdom, or five gods, or evil wisdom, or see, or what you hear(??),
or wisdom." Nanda! The skillful people here say Muni.

"Those who leave the legion to live a life without distress or desire, I say
they are "Muni"": The legion is called the demon legion, which acts as a demon
army with body and evil; acts as a demon army with speech and evil; ...greed;
hatred; infatuation ...(omitted, see previous sections)... all bad works as a
demon army. This was said by the Lord: [Sn.3.2, verse 438-441]

"Desire is your first legion, unhappiness is called second,
Hunger and thirst are your third, and thirst (love) is called fourth.
Deep sleep is your fifth, fear is said to be sixth,
Doubt is your seventh, and stubbornness is your eighth.
He who has a respectful reputation, and the reputation gained by mistakes (wrongfully),
Who would praise oneself and contempt others.
Devil! This is your legion, evil (black) attacker,
Those who have no courage will not defeat him, and they will get peace after
victory."

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, then this is
called "after leaving the legion". "No distress", greed... anger... ignorance...
(omitted)... burned by the fire of wisdom, they are called those who have no
distress. "Without desire": Desire is called craving, which is the root of
greed, ...(omitted). For those whose desire and craving are cut off,
...(omitted), they are called those who have no desire, Arahants, and those who
have exhausted their troubles. "Those who leave the army without suffering and
wishing to live, I call them "Muni"": "Those who leave the army without
suffering and wish to go (walk), live, acting, turning, guarding, making
survival, I say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I
clarify. They are the Muni in (of??) the world. "Those who leave the legion to
live a life without suffering or desire, I call them "Muni."

48. [Venerable Nanda like this:] Any of these Shamen and Brahmins, they say
    that there is purity in seeing and hearing (that _they_ are pure...??),
also said that there is purity (they are??) in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,
Blessed One! Are there those who have self-control to survive birth and aging?
Dear Sir! Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"Any of these Shamen and Brahmans": ""Any", all completely, in every aspect,
with no surpluess, in the whole earth. This is the word used all over, which is
"anything". "Shamen", anyone who walks into the parade from here (?? march ??),
enters the parade. "Brahman", anyone who calls others a friend." Any of these
Shamen and brahmins.

"[Like this Venerable Nanda]": ...(omitted).

"They say that there is purity in seeing and what they hear": "They say, tell,
talk, explain, and speak that there is purity, and clean(lineness ??);
separation, liberation, and detachment; they also say, ... that what is heard
is... pure; separation ...; they say... that what is seen and heard are... pure;
separate...." It is said that there is purity in seeing and hearing.

"It is also said that there is purity in taking precepts and prohibitions":
"They say, tell, talk, explain that taking precepts is pure...; they also say...
that speaking (??) with prohibition is pure...; they say that there is purity...
with precepts and prohibition; separation, liberation, and detachment." It is
said for them that there is purity in precept and prohibition.

"Say that all forms are pure": "They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak that
all kinds of forms are pure, clean, and all-free; free, liberated, detached."

"My Lord! Are those who are self-controlling there?": ""Whether...?", "Question
of doubt...(omitted). "Lord", .... "The self-controlling walker there", "there",
in their own views, their likes, their hobbies, their opinions.
"self-controlling", prudent, cautious, guardian, and protective. "Walker",
walker, dweller, actor, turner, guardian, and survivor. "Lord! Are those who are
self-controlling there.

"How about birth and aging? Dear sir": "Birth, aging, and death they pass,
surpass, transcend, and overcome. "Dear Sir", ....To survive birth and aging,
dear sir!

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ....

49. [Blessed One: "Nanda!"] Any of these Shamen and brahmins, they say that
    seeing and hearing are pure ("that they are pure in..."??),
also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,
Even those who are self-controlling there, I say they have not survived
birth and aging.

"Any of these Shamen and Brahmans": ....

"[Blessed One: "Nanda!"]: ....

"They say that there is purity in seeing and what they hear": ....

"It is also said that there is purity in taking precepts and prohibitions": ....

"Say that all forms are pure": ....

"Even those who are self-controlling there": ""Even", the continuation of
sentences; the link of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination
of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is
"even". For the evil view (??). "There", in one's own view, one's likes, one's
hobbies, one's own opinions. "Self-controlling', cautious, guarding, protective,
discreet. "Walker", walker, dweller, actor, turner, guardian, and survivor." For
those who have self-control there.

"I said they did not survive birth and aging": "Birth, aging, death, they did
not survive, did not surpass, did not pass, did not cross, did not overcome;
birth, aging, death will not be separated (from), will not be left, not be
traversed, not crossed, and not overcome; they turn in birth, aging, and death,
they turn in the cycle of rebirth, accompanied by birth, followed by old age,
conquered by disease, tormented by death, and have no shelter or refuge. I say,
I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify. "They have
not survived birth or aging.

50. [Venerable Nanda like this:] Any of these Shamen and brahmins, they say
    that there is purity in seeing and hearing,
also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,
Muni! If you say that they have not passed the torrent, then who is in the
world of heaven and man,
Dear Sir! to survive birth and aging? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"Any of these Shamen and Brahmans": ....

"[Like this Venerable Nanda]": ....

"They say that there is purity in seeing and what they hear": ....

"It is also said that there is purity in taking precepts and prohibitions": ....

"Say that all forms are pure": ....

"Muni! If you say that they haven't survived the torrent": "If they're a wicked
person. "Muni", Muni is called wisdom... "You said you did not pass the
torrent", the torrent of desire, some torrents, the torrent of seeing, the
torrent of ignorance are not passed, surpassed, crossed, not overcome; they are
turning within birth, aging, and death. They turn in the cycle of rebirth,
accompanied by birth, followed by age, conquered by disease, tormented by death,
as people without shelter and. "You said", .... Muni! If you say they did not
pass the torrent.

"In that case, who is in the world of heaven and man, through birth and aging,
dear sir": "And who is in this world including heaven, demons, and Brahman;
including the generations of Shamon, Brahman, heaven and man; who birth, aging,
and death, has passed, surpassed, transcended, crossed, and overcome. "Dear
Sir", .... Who is there for such and such a thing? Through birth and aging in
the world of heaven and man, dear sir!

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ....

51. [Blessed One: "Nanda!"] I don't say "all the Shamen and brahmins are covered
    by birth and aging",
Anything you see or hear or feel here, or even the precepts and prohibitions, are
all abandoned,
After all kinds of forms are also cut off, knowing the
trouble-free people after thirst and love (after abandoning thirst and love, the
trouble-free people??), I said, "Those people have indeed survived the storm.

"[Blessed One: "Nanda!"] I don't say, "All Shamen and brahmins are covered
by birth and aging"": "Nanda! I don't say, "All Shamen and Brahmins are hindered
by birth and aging, blocked, enveloping, obstructing, closing,
hiding", I say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I
analyze, I clarify. "There are those Shamen and Brahmins for whom
birth, aging, and death have been cut off, and their roots have been cut
off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, immortal things
for the future"." "I don't say that "all Shamen and Brahmins are covered by
birth and aging.""

"Anything seen or heard here, or even precepts and prohibitions are all
abandoned": "Anything you see is pure after abandoning, after forsaking, after
discarding, after being driven away, after finishing, after making it go to
non-existence; All things heard are pure after giving up... (omitted) All
feelings are pure after giving up... Things seen, heard and perceived are pure
after giving up... Abstinence is pure after giving up... Prohibition is pure
after giving up... All the precepts and prohibitions are purely abandoned, after
discarding,, after being driven away, after finishing, and making them go beyond
existence. "After all the things you see or hear here, or even the precepts and
prohibitions, have been abandoned.

"All kinds of forms are all abandoned": "With all kinds of forms, there is
purity and cleanliness; detachment, liberation, release, after renunciation,
after disengagement, after abandonment, after finishing, and making it going to
non-existence." After all kinds of things are cut off.

"Knowing the trouble-free people after thirst, I said, "Those people have indeed
survived the storm"": "The thirst for color (form), ...sound, ...smell, taste,
touch, ...the Dhamma. "After the omniscience and thirst for love (known after
thirst love??)", there are three kinds of omniscience after the thirst for love:
knowing omniscience, measuring omniscience, and giving up omniscience. What is
knowing omniscience? "Knowing the craving: this is the craving for form,
...sound, ...smell, taste, touch, Dhamma." Knowing and seeing, this is
omniscience.

What is measuring omniscience? After knowing this, eager for him to measure
impermanence, suffering, sickness... (omitted), he makes the measure of
renunciation, which is the measure of omniscience.

What is renunciation omniscience? After weighing in this way, he eagerly
abandons love (thirst), drives away, makes to end, and makes go to
non-existence. This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! All the desires and greed of
craving must be cut off. In this way, that craving will be cut off, and the
roots will be cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming
non-existent for the future [SN. 22.25]. This is renunciation omniscience.
"After omniscience, thirst and love (known after thirsty love??)", with these
three kinds of omniscience, omniscience and thirst for love (??). There are four
kinds of worries in the "worry-free person": worries of desire, worries of some
(??), worries of seeing, worries of ignorance. For them, these troubles have
been cut off, ...(omitted). They are called trouble-free people, Arahants, and
those with exhausted troubles. The trouble-free person after omniscience and
thirst.

"I said "Those people have indeed survived the storm"": Those who have no
troubles after omniscience and (ending??) thirst, I say, I explain, ...that "the
violent currents of desire have passed; some violent currents have been
surpassed; the violent currents they have seen have been surpassed; the ignorant
violent currents have been passed; all the circuits have been passed, have come
out, have been transcended, have overcome". For the trouble-free people after
omniscience and thirst for love, I said, "Those people have indeed survived the
storm."

52. I rejoice at Great Immortal's words, which are well said: Gautam is a
    non-dependent author,
Anything you see or hear or feel here, or even the precepts and prohibitions are
all abandoned,
After all kinds of forms have been cut off, the omniscience of those who have no
troubles after thirsty and love, I also say "they survive the storm."


"I rejoice in the words of Great Immortal": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Speaking well: Gautam is a non-dependent author":  ...(omitted).

"Anything seen or heard or felt here, or even precepts and prohibitions are all
abandoned": ...(omitted, see previous).

"All kinds of forms are all abandoned": ....

"All the trouble-free people after omniscience and thirst, I also say "they
cross the storm"": ....

What is measuring omniscience? ....

What is renunciation omniscience? ....

"After omniscience, thirsty and love", ....

---

At the end of these verses... "Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple."
