### 8. Hemaka

53. [Venerable Hemaka like this:] Whatever they told me before, before
    Gotama's teaching,
Like this that was, like this that will be, that is all rumors,
That was all an increase in theory, I didn't have much joy there.

"What they told me before": "Bāvari Brahman and all other his Asari (??), they
explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify their own views,
their own likes, hobbies, opinions, intentions." As told to me before.

"[Like this Venerable Hemaka]": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Before the teachings of Gotama": "Before the teachings of Gotama, on the other
side of the teachings of Gotama, prior to the teachings of Gotama; the Buddha's
The precepts, the precepts of the victors, the precepts of the Tathāgata, the
first precepts of the Arahants." Before the precepts of Gotama.

"Like this and that was, like this and that will be (??)": "Legend that it was
like this, and that it will be like this." It was like this that that was, like
this that it will be.

"It's all rumors": "It's all rumors, hearsay, inheritance, the teachings of the
scriptures, logical inferences, reasoning, thoughts about theories, opinions
accepted after meditation, and they tell that they are not personally proven by
themselves, not the self-proven method." That is all rumors.

"That is all the increase in theory": "It is all the increase in theory, the
increase in seeking, ...thinking, ...desire, malicious seeking, persecution, the
search for the land, the search for death (undeath??), the search related to
sympathy with others, the search related to the benefit of respect and
reputation, the search related to not being scorned." That's all a theoretical
increase.

"I didn't have great joy there": "I didn't have great joy there, didn't receive
it, didn't prove it, didn't obtain it." I didn't have great joy there.

54. Please tell me the Dhamma of the destruction of craving; Muni!
Anyone who knows which and has mindfulness can live through the love in the
    world.

"Please tell me": ""You", he said the Blessed One. "Proclaim (tell)", "Dhamma",
the beginning is good, the middle is good, the end is good; the meaning is
correct, the phrase is correct; only complete, pure Brahma: four mindfulnesses,
four righteousnesses, four divine bases, five senses, five powers, seven
enlightenment factors, eight holy paths, Nibbāna and the path leading to
Nibbāna; please declare, please explain, please teach, please inform, please
establish, please uncover, please parse, please clarify." To ask you to declare
for me.

"The destruction of thirst, Muni": "Thirst", ...(omitted).
"Muni", ...(omitted).

"Anyone who knows the mindfulness after knowing": ...(omitted).

"Able to live through love in the world": ...(omitted).

55. (The Blessed One:) Here in what you see, hear, feel, and know, in terms of
    desire, Hemaka!
The driving away from desire and greed is the immortal state of Nibbāna.

"Here is what you see, what you hear, what you feel, what you know": ""What you
see" is seen by the eyes. "What you hear" is heard by your ears. "What you feel"
is smelled by your nose, tasted by your tongue, and physical contact.
"Knowledge", known by consciousness." Here in what you see, hear, feel, and
know.

"In terms of loveliness, Hemaka": "What is the lovely and desirable in
the world? Eyes are lovely and desirable in the world, ears are...(omitted),
nose is..., tongue is..., the body..., meaning..., form, sound, smell, taste,
touch, the dhammas, eye-consciousness ear-sense... nose-consciousness,
tongue-consciousness, body consciousness, mind consciousness, eye touch, ear
touch, nose touch, tongue tough, body touch, mind touch, eye touch is lovely and
desirable in the world; ear touch is born and received (felt??)..., nose
touch..., tongue touch, body touch, mind being born and felt is lovely and
desirable in the world; desire is in the world..., sound is in the world...,
smell..., taste, thoughts of touch, thoughts of the dhamma, thoughts of color
(form??), ...of sound, ...of smell, taste...; craving for color (form??)...,
craving for sound..., ...smell, taste, touch, Dhamma; search for color
(form)..., ...sound..., taste, touch, Dhamma; lust (craving??) is.., sound
is..., smell, taste, touch, Dhamma is lovely and agreeable in the world." the
world... Dhamma is a cute and agreeable appearance in the world." In terms of
loveliness, Hemaka!

"Expulsion of desire and greed": "Desire, greed", that is the desire of desire,
the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the thirst of desire, the love of
desire, the enthusiasm of desire, and the obsession of desire, desire's taking,
desire's storm, desire's yoke (binding), desire's clinging, desire to cover
(??). "The drive away from desire and greed": "The cessation of desire and
greed; the calming down of desire and greed; the stopping of desire and greed;
immortality and Nibbāna." The driving away of desire and greed.

"The realm of Nibbāna, immortality (undeath??)": "The realm of Nibbāna
(foot/footprint/path/sentence (??)) is the realm of rescue, refuge, shelter, and
no terror. "Immortality", always, firm, eternal, and unchanging." The state of
Nibbāna, immortality.

56. After knowing this, all those who are mindful, those who see the Dhamma, are
    completely cooled.
And they are always silent, crossing the love in the world.

"After knowing this, all those who have mindfulness": ""This", immortality,
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbāna. "After", after
knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating,
after clarifying. "All actions are impermanent" .... "All actions are suffering"
.... "All Dhamma is not-self" .... "Any collection of Dhamma is an extinction of
Dhamma" .... "Who..." is an Arahant who has exhausted all his troubles. The
"mindful person" is mindful in four ways: ....(omitted, see previous sections).
"After knowing, those who have mindfulness.

"A person who sees the Dhamma, a person who is completely cooled": ""The one who
sees the Dhamma", the one who knows the Dhamma, the one who measures the Dhamma,
the judge of the Dhamma, the clearer of the Dhamma, the person who knows the
Dhamma. The seer of the Dhamma of "All actions are impermanent"... of "All
actions are non-self"... of "ignorance is the cause of action"... Any collection
of Dhamma is an extinction...; a seer, a knower of Dhamma, a judge of Dhamma, a
clearer of Dhamma. "Completely cooled", the greedy person makes the cooling
state the cooler (??); the angered person...; the foolish person...; the
resentful...; all unscrupulous people have been silent(??) .The state, the
calmed state, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed state, and
the cessated state are silent, ceased, calmed, cooled, and stopped. "For those
who see the Dhamma, and who are completely cooled.

"And they are always silent": ""Quiet", the greedy makes the state of silence
and the cooling state (??)... aggression... ignorance... anger... hate.... The
silent state, the calmed state, the ceased state, the extinguished state, the
cooled state, the departed state, and the cessated state are silent, silent,
calmed, and cooled. Stopped." Silent. "They" are Arahants, those who have
exhausted their troubles. "Always", always, all the time, eternally, constantly,
continuously, uninterrupted, successively, like the rise of water waves without
intervals, the continuous accompanying and touching, before noon, afternoon,
first night, midnight, and after night, in the dark moon, bright moon, rainy
season, winter, summer, in youth, middle age, and old age. "They are always
silent.

"Crossing through the world of love": Love is called thirst, which is greed,
...(omitted, see previous sections), the root of unwholesomeness. "Love": What
is the meaning of love... (omitted). "In the world": The world of suffering....
"Overcoming the love in the world": "The love in the world, he has passed, has
surpassed, has transcended, has crossed, has overcome [Ni.1]." Overcoming the
love in the world.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
