### 9. Explanations asked by Duchaya student

57. [Venerable Duchiya like this:] For those whose desires are not alive, whose
    thirsty love is not found,
And whoever has passed through doubts, what does his relief look like?

"Anyone whose desires are not alive to him": "Anyone who cannot abide by his
desires, does not dwell, does not live, does not stay." It is a
person who is not alive with his desires.

"[Like this Venerable Dudeya]": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"For him, thirst is not discovered": "For him, thirst is no more, does not
exist, is not known, is not found, has been cut off, ceased, calmed down,
stopped, cannot arise, was burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, thirsty
love is not found (thirst and love are not found??).

"Those who have passed all doubts": "Those who have passed, surpassed, crossed,
transcended, and overcome." Those who have passed all doubts.

"What is his relief like?": "What is his liberation like, what kind of
establishment, and what kind of contrast should be desired?" He asked about
liberation." What is his relief like?

58. [Blessed One: "Dushangya!"] For those whose desires are not alive, whose
    thirsty love is not found,
And for those who have passed through doubts, there is no further relief for
him.

"Anyone whose desires have been overcome by him": people, Arahants,, and those who have exhausted their troubles.
"Desire", there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of
pollution... (omitted) "Whoever has no desire for him": ....

"[Blessed One: "Dashiya!"]": ....

"For him, thirst is not found": "thirst", for color (form), sound, smell, taste,
touch, Dhamma. "For him", for the Arahat, for the one who has exhausted his
troubles. "For him, thirst is not discovered": "For him, thirst does not exist,
is not known, is not found, has been cut off, ceased, calmed down, stopped,
cannot arise, has been burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, thirst is not
found.

"And whoever has passed the doubts": Doubts are called doubts: doubts over
suffering... (omitted). "Who..." means anyone who is an Arahant and has
exhausted his troubles. "The doubts have been passed": passed, surpassed,
transcended, crossed, overcome." Those who have passed the doubts.

"There is no further relief for him": "There is no further liberation for him.
Anyone who should be liberated is liberated, and for him what should be
liberated has been done." For him there is no further relief.

59. Is he one who is away from desire who one who desires? Is he a wise person
    or a great (wise??) man (??)?
Shakyamuni! According to it (??), I can know Muni (??): All those who see it, please
explain that for me.

"The one who is away from desire or the one who desires": "Is he a person who
has no desire or a person who thirsts? The forms does he desire, the sounds...
the smells... the tastes... the touches ... the dhammas, a home, group
(congregation), dwelling, profit, fame, praise, happiness, clothing, food...
(omitted), past, future, presetn, seen heard, felt, and knows the dhamma he
wants, accepts, hopes, and prays. "Is he the one who leaves desire or the one
who desires?"

"He is a wise person or a wise person 9??": ""He is a wise person", he is a wise
person, an enlightened person, and a distinguished
person. Or use the eight-level
wisdom, or use the five gods to provide wisdom, or use the evil wisdom, the
construction of eagerness, or the construction of seeing. He builds, produces,
and arises." For him one who is wise or as wise (??).

"Sakyamuni! According to it, I can know Muni": "Sakyamuni", ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Sakyamuni! I can know Muni according to it": "Sakyamuni! I
can know, know, say goodbye, know for sure, and penetrate Muni according to it.
(??)" Sakyamuni! According to it, I can know Muni.

"Everyone with all eyes, please explain that to me": ""That", whatever I ask;
whatever I beg; whatever I inquire about, whatever makes me clear. "Please
explain", please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please
uncover, please analyze, please clarify. "All eyes", all eyes are called the
state of all knowing wisdom... (omitted). For all eyes, please explain that for
me.

60. He is the one who is away from desire, not the one who desires, he is the
    one who is wise (has the wisdom??), not the one who is wise (??),
Dudeya! This is the knowledge of the Muni: one who has no owner, no
obsession with desire and being.

"He is the one who is away from the desire, not the one who desires": "He is not
the one who desires, he does not desire for all the forms, all the sounds....
...all things knowable. He doesn't hope, accept(??), desire, or pray." He is the
one who is away from desire, not the one who desires.

"He is a wise man, not a wise man": ""He is a wise man", he is a wise man, a an
enlightened man, a wise man, and a distinguished man. "Not a wise man.", with
eight levels of wisdom, or with the five gods for wisdom, or with evil wisdom,
the thirsty construction he does not build, or sees the construction he does not
build, produce, or arise, does not make it to be born." A wise one, not a wise
one.

"Dudeya! This is how you know Muni": "Muni", ...(omitted). is Muni after
transcending the net. "Dudiya! Know Muni in this way": "Dudiya! Know, agree,
know, and pass through Muni in this way." Dudiya! In this way, know Muni.

"No owner, no obsession with desire and existence": "No owner", no greed, no
hatred, no ignorance, no sloth, no sight, no pollution, no possession of evil
deeds. For him who has been cut off, ceased, calmed down, stopped, cannot arise,
and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called no owner. "Desire", there are two
kinds of desires: ...(omitted). "Yes", there are two types: kamma and rebirth...
(omitted) This is rebirth.

"No owner, there is no obsession in desire for existence": "A person who has no
possessions is unattached, unhindranced, unobstructed, detached, already freed,
liberated, freed from bondage, he dwells away from the restricted heart." He is
a person who has no owner, no attachment to desire and existence.

---

After these verses... "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a
disciple."
