### 11. Explanations asked by Ruodu Gengni

65. [Like this Venerable Ruo Du Gengni:] After I heard about the heroes who have
    no desire for desire, I came to ask those who have passed the violent
    current, to ask the desireless ones,
Co-born-eyes (The Life Eye??), please tell me the state of silence, Blessed One,
I ask you to tell me the truth.

"I heard about a hero who has no desire for desire": "Like this, the Blessed
One, the Arahant...  Buddha, after hearing it, after grasping, after
understanding, after distinguishing." After I heard it. "Hero", the Lord is a
hero, "The energetic" is a hero; "The able" is a hero; "The sufficient" is a
hero; "The brave" is a hero; "Heroic" is a hero; "Those who are not afraid" are
heroes; those who have no terror are heroes; those who do not run away are
heroes; those who have given up on fear of terror are heroes;" A hero.

"Here having gone from all evil abstainers to a state of vitality after
the suffering of hell,
He is an energetic person and a hardworking person. People like this can be
called a hero. [Sn.3.6]"

"After I heard about the heroes who have no desire for desire": "Desire two
kinds of desires: ...(omitted, see previous sections). For the Buddha and the
Blessed One, the desire for things has been known, the desire for pollution has
been renounced, in the state of knowing of the desire for things, and the desire
for pollution has been renounced(??), the Blessed One does not desire in desire;
does not pray in desire; does not want in desire; does not ask in desire.
Whoever desires in desire; prays in desire; hopes in desire; asks in desire,
they are those who have desires for desires, those who have greed for greed, and
those who have thoughts about desires. The Blessed One does not desire desires;
does not want desires; does not hope for desires; does not ask desires.
Therefore, the Buddha (and??) those who have no desire, those who have renounced
their desires, those who have abandoned their desires, those who have eliminated
their desires, those who have liberated their desires, those who have forsaken
their desires, those who have cut off their desires, those who have renounced
greed, those who have no greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have
eliminated greed, those who have been liberated from greed, those who have cut
off greed, those who have forsaken greed, those who are not hungry, those who
have extinguished, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those
who live as Brahman. "After I heard about heroes who have no desire for desire.

"[Like this Venerable Ruo Di Gengni]": ....

"Come to ask the undesiring ones who have crossed the torrent (storm??)": ""The
ones who have crossed the torrent", "the ones who have passed the torrent, those
who have overcome the torrent." Those who have crossed the violent currents. "To
ask", to ask, to question, to inquire, to make it clear. "Come to... the one who
has no desire", to ask the person who has no desire, the person who has
deserted, and the person who has given up desire, those who have been excluded,
those who have renounced their desires, ...(omitted), those who have renounced
greed, ...(omitted), we have come, we have arrived, we have fully arrived, we
have been united with you." To come to ask those who have crossed the torrents
and are without desire.

"The life eye (??), please speak about the state of silence": ""Silence" takes a
form as silence and a state of silence, that is immortality, Nibbāna, that is
the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction
of craving, greed, extinction, Nibbāna. This is said by the Blessed One: "This
is the state of silence, this is the state of victory, namely: the cessation of
all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of thirst, freedom
from greed, extinction, Nibbāna [SN.48.50]." With another aspect: where all
dhammas lead to the realization of silence, the touch of silence, and the
testimony of silence, just like these four mindfulnesses and four
righteousnesses, the four bases, the five faculties, the five powers, the seven
enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path. These are called
the state of silence. Please speak, please explain, ...(omitted) the state of
silence, the state of refuge, the state of shelter the state of no fear, the
state of no death, the state of immortality, the state of Nibbāna. The eye is
called the state of all knowing wisdom. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the
eye and the state of the victor arise at the same time (not in sequence) under
the Bodhi tree, so the Buddha is the co-born eye." If you have an eye, please
talk about the state of silence.

"Lord, please tell me the truth": "The truth is called immortality, Nibbāna....
"Lord", .... "Please tell me", .... "Lord, please tell me the truth.

66. Because the Blessed One acts after victory over desire, like the shining sun
    shines on the earth,
The one who is broadly wise for me who is less wise, please explain the method I can
know, where there is the separation of birth and aging.

"Because the Blessed One acts after the victory over desire": ""Blessed One",
.... "Desire", .... After the Blessed One has known the desires of things, after
giving up on the desires for pollution, he defeated, ceased, overwhelmed, ended,
crushed, walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, making existence, making
survival." The Blessed One acts after winning over desire.

"The shining sun shines on the earth": "The sun (Ādicco) is called the sun
(sūriyo). The earth (Pathavī) is called the earth (jagatī). The shining sun has
brilliance, wins, defeats, overwhelms, ending, heating the earth, breaking
through all the darkness in the sky, destroying the darkness, after the light is
seen, walking in the sky, in the air, and on the road in the void; similarly,
the shining Blessed Wisdom has the brilliance of wisdom, [breaking] all the
works (??) .... the darkness of pollution, destroys the darkness of ignorance,
after seeing the light of wisdom, after knowing the desire for things, after
giving up on the desire for pollution, he wins, defeats, overwhelms, ends,
crushes, walks, stays, acts, turns, guards, and survives." The shining sun
shines on the earth.

"The one who is broadly wise for the one who is less wise": "I am the one who is
less wise, the lower, and inferior in wisdom; you are the wiser, the higher, the
quicker, and the insight. As the earth is called wide, the Blessed One has the
same vast and expanding wisdom as that earth." The one who is broadly wise for
the one who is less wise.

"Please explain the Dhamma that I can know": ""Dhamma", .... Please explain,
please teach.... "I can know ", I can know, know with certainty, penetrate,
prove, reach, and testify." Please explain the law: according to which I can
know.

"Here is the renunciation of birth and senescence": "The renunciation of birth,
aging, and death, cessation, severance, stopping, immortality, and Nibbāna." The
renunciation of birth and aging.

67. [Blessed One: "Ruodu Gengni"] Please temper your craving of desire,
    and treat detachment from desire as a stable one (??),
Pick up or reject anything you don't be found (?).

"Please temper the craving of desire": "Desire", .... "Craving", .... "Please
temper craving of desire": "Please adjust the greed of desire, please expel,
please leave, please drive away, please make to end, please make it go to
non-existence." To ask you to temper your cravings.

"Ruodu Gengni": ....

"Desire to be free as a stable post (after?? one??)": "Desire (Leaving)", the
correct way, the following way, the non-reverse way, the way of
non-contradiction, the way of way and the Dhamma,  it means follow the path of
the Dhamma, complete the precepts, guard the roots, know the right amount of
food, specialize in sobriety, mindfulness, with right knowledge, four
mindfulnesses, four right diligences, four divine bases, five senses, five
powers, seven enlightenment factors, eight holy paths, Nibbāna and the path
leading to Nibbāna, they are stability, shelter, fearless, deathless, immortal,
Nibbāna; after seeing, weighing, judging, separating, and clearing. "It's the
aftermath of seeing liberation as a stable one.

"Pick up or reject": ""Picked up", held on, clung to, clinging, taken, believed
to be due to craving, seeing; "Or rejected", or rejected what should be
detached, what should be abandoned, what should be driven away, what should be
terminated, what should be brought to non-existence." Picked up or rejected.

"Don't be discovered about anything": ""Anything", greed is a thing; hatred is a
thing; ignorance ...(omitted); any of these things (Cambodia version), don't be
discovered, don't be forced to be discovered, don't be completely discovered,
don't be discovered, please abandon, please drive away, please make the end,
please make it go to non-existence ." Don't be discovered for anything.

68. Anything before, please let it wither, please don't have anything
    afterwards,
If you can't hold it in the middle, you will live a silent life.

"Anything before, please make it wither": "As for the pollution that can cause
pollution in the past, please make it dry, please make it wither, please make it
dry up, do not make seeds, please let it go, please drive away, please end it,
please make it go to non-existence." In this way, what was before, please let it
wither. Or, "Any past kamma creations that have not matured and (been??) repaid,
please let them wither, ask you to wither, ...make it to go to non-existence."
Anything before, please make it wither.

"Please don't have any afterwards": "Afterwards is called future. Regarding the
actions of the future, what can arise, any greed, any aversion, any delusion,
any sloth, any perception, any pollution, any evil deeds, any of these for you
should not have, don't make, don't produce, don't generate, don't cause to
arise, please give up, please drive away, please make to end, please make it to
come to non-existence." Please don't have it later.

"If you can't hold the one in the middle": "The one in the middle is called the
present form, feeling, thought, action, and consciousness. Regarding the present
actions, you will not hold it because of craving and seeing, thirst, grasping,
clinging, rejoicing, welcoming holding you will give up, drive away, end, and
make it go to non-existence ." If you are in the middle, you will not hold it.

"You will live a silent life": "The silent state of greed means that you will
live a silent life, an agitated... (omitted) all unwholesome contrived silent
states, calmed states, dead state, the extinguished state, the no longer burning
state, the cooled state, the gone state, the cessated state is silent, quiet,
extinguished, cooled, stopped; you live act, turn, guard, and ." You will live a
silent life.

69. In all names and forms, Brahman! For those who are free from greed,
Troubles are not found for this one: with (take??) the control of those who will
reach the devil.

"In all names and forms, Brahman! For those who are free from greed":
"Everything", .... "Name", the four formless aggregates. "Form", the four big
and the four big forms (??) Craving is called craving, it is greed, .... "In all
names and forms, Brahman! For those who have no greed": "In all names and forms,
to those who renounce greed, those who have no greed, those who abandon greed,
those who exclude greed, those who are liberated from greed, and those who
forsake greed, dismiss the  greedy person, abandon the greedy person, cut off
the greedy person, free the greedy person." In all names and colors, Brahman!
For those who have no greed.

"For this one, troubles are not discovered": ""Trouble", there are four kinds
of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, and
the troubles of ignorance. "For this one", the Arahant. Those who have
exhausted their troubles. "Undiscovered", these troubles are not, non-existent,
unknown, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise,
and burned by the fire of wisdom." Troubles are not discovered for this person.

"With those who will reach the control of the Demon King": "With those troubles
that will go to the control of the Demon King, or the control that will go to
death, they will go to the control of the Demon Party, and those troubles are
not, non-existent, and not controlled by him, not known, not being discovered,
being cut off, being severed, being calmed down, being stopped, unable to arise,
being burned by the fire of wisdom." Take control of those who will reach the
devil.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
