### 12. Explanations asked by the Brahmin of Bodo Wuda student

70. [Venerable Bodo Wuda like this:] Those who abandon the family, those who cut
    off the thirst, those who do not disturb, those who abandon the joyful,
    those who have survived the storm, those who are free,
I beg to abandon the builders (??) and the extremely wise, they will leave here
after hearing about the dragon elephant.

"Those who abandon the family, cut off the thirst, and do not disturb":
""Abandon the family", all the desires, greed, joy, thirst, clinging, and
attachment to the physical realm, the trend of troubles; those who have been cut
off to (with??) the Buddha and the Blessed One, have their roots cut off, just
like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and inanimate things for
the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has abandoned his family. In
the realm of receiving... (omitted) in the realm of thinking... in the realm of
action... all the desires, greed, joy, thirst, clinging, clinging, attachment of
the heart, clinging, troubles in the realm of consciousness, the underlying
trend, for the Buddha and the Blessed One, has been cut off, and the roots have
been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and
inanimate things for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is a homeless person.

"Cut off thirst", "Thirst" ....(omitted, see previous sections). For the Buddha
and the Blessed One, the craving has been cut off, ...and burned by the fire of
wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who cuts off the craving.
"Undisturbed": Disturbance is called craving, which is the root of greed, ....
Disturbance and thirst have been cut off for the Buddha and the Blessed One, and
the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming
non-existent and inanimate in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the
undisturbed. Regarding the disturbed and dismissed state as the undisturbed
(??), the Blessed One does not shake (waver??) when he gets it; he does not
shake when he does not; he does not shake when he has reputation; he does not
shake when he has no reputation. He does not shake; he does not shake when
praised; he does not shake when he is reprimanded; he does not shake when he is
happy; he does not shake, move, does not tremble, does not tremor when
suffering; therefore, the Buddha is the one who does not disturb. "For those who
abandon their homes, cut off their thirst, and do not disturb.

"[Like this Venerable Bodo Wuda]": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Those who give up joy, those who have survived the storm, and those who are
liberated": ""Happiness is called craving, that is greed, ...(omitted). That joy
and thirsty love, for the Buddha and the Blessed One, it has been cut off, and
the roots have been cut off.... Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has given
up the joy. Excessive violent (stormy) people, those who have passed some
violent currents, those who have seen violent currents, those who have passed
ignorant violent currents. All cycles have passed, surpassed, transcended,
overcome, he is the one who has fallen into the state, the one who has
practiced...." The one who abandons joy and rides the violent currents. "The
Liberator", the heart of the Lord is already freed from greed, liberated from
greed, from anger, from ignorance, from all unwholesome creations, ...." Those
who abandon the joyful and overcome the violent currents, the liberator
(liberated??).

"Abandon the builder, the extremely wise, I want to plead (??)": ""Construction"
has two constructions: [cause] the construction of desire and [cause] the
construction of seeing.... This is the construction of desire.... This is the
construction of seeing.... For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the construction
of thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, ....
The state of being deceived therefore the Buddha is the builder of abandonment
(abandoner of building??). "I want to beg", I want to beg, I want to plead, I
want to request, I want to accept, I want to hope, I want to aspire, I want to
ask, I want to pray. Extreme wisdom is called wisdom, .... The Blessed One
reaches....; therefore, the Buddha is an extremely wise man." I beg to abandon
the builder, the extremely wise man.

"They will leave here after hearing about the dragon elephant": "The dragon
elephant" is the dragon elephant. The Blessed One "does not commit crimes" is
the dragon elephant; "does not go" is the dragon elephant; "does not come" is
the dragon elephant... (omitted). "After hearing about the dragon elephant, they
will leave here": "Your words, ways of speaking, teachings, explanations,
admonitions, after hearing, after grasping, understanding, and discerning, they
will leave here, go, set off, walk in all directions. "After hearing about the
dragon elephant, they will leave here.

71. All kinds of people have united from the nations, hero! They look forward to
    your words,
Please explain for them thoroughly, because like this you are the knower of these
Dhammas.

"All kinds of people have been united from the nations": ""All kinds of people",
Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, lay people, monks, heavens, and people.
Magadha, Kalinga, Kassa, Kansara, Baqi, Mala, Chiti, Bhawa, Julu, Pangjala,
Polai, Surasa, Ashipo, Ajanta, Zina, Jian Fuhua. "Have joined", have joined,
have come to gather, have gathered." It means that all kinds of people have
joined from all nations.

"Hero! Looking forward to what you say": "Hero", ....

"Here has gone from all evil abstainers to a state of vitality after
transcending hell suffering,
He is an energetic person and a hardworking person. People like this can be
called a hero. [Sn.3.6]"

"Heroes! They are looking forward to your words": "Your words, ways of speaking,
teachings, explainings, admonitions. "They are looking forward", they are
looking forward to, wanting, accepting, hoping, begging." Hero! They look
forward to your words.

"Please explain for them thoroughly": ""For them", for Kshatriya, Brahman,
Vaisha, Sudra, Layman, Monk, Heaven, People. "You", he said the Blessed One.
"Thoroughly explain", please explain that thoroughly; please teach, please
inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify." To
ask you to explain to them thoroughly.

"Because like this you are the knower of these Dhammas": "Because like this you
are the knower, the judge, the clearer, the understander of these Dhammas."
Because like this you are the knower of these Dhammas.

72. [Blessed One: "Bodo Wu Da!"] He should temper all grasping and craving, in the
    upper, lower and middle four directions,
Whatever they cling to in the world, the demon follows sentient beings just
because of that.

"He should temper all grasping and craving": Grasping and craving is called the
craving of form... (omitted). "Grasping and craving", why is it called "Grasping
and craving"? With that thirsty love, they grasp, cling, hold, ...and take their
thirst for this reason. "He should temper all grasping and craving": "All
grasping and craving should be tempered, expelled, discarded, disconnected,
terminated, and rendered non-existent." Temper all grasping and craving.

"[Blessed One: "Ruo Du Geng Ni!"]": ....

"Upper, lower, and middle four directions": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"What they cling to in the world": "What they grasp, cling to, hold to, take,
whatever things like mortals (??), feelings, thoughts, actions, and
consciousness, attachment. "In the world", ...." What they cling to in the
world.

"The demon follows sentiment just because of that": "The demon, the devil, the
demon of fun (??), the demon of rebirth, the demon of reincarnation, and the
cycle; "Follow", Follow and become followers. "Affection", sentient beings,
people, human beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals (Putjala), to the
born, sentient, to the Indra (()), those born of Manu (??)." The demon follows
sentient beings.

73. Therefore those who understand should not cling: the mindful bhikkhu has
    anything in all worlds,
Watch the stuck grasper like this: this generation is entangled in the realm
of death.

"Therefore those who understand should not cling": "Therefore", "Therefore; the
reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, when seeing this trouble of the
desires." The reason. "The understander", The one who knows, the one who
understands, the one who knows others, the one who penetrates: "All actions are
impermanent".... Those who know, those who know others, those who know for sure,
those who pass through. "Should not cling", should not cling to form, should not
grasp, should not hold, ...take, ...receive, ...think, ..., he should not grasp,
should not cling, should not hold, should not be attached." Those who understand
should not be attached.

"The mindful bhikkhu is (has??) anything in all the world": ""Bhikkhu", a
philanthropist monk, or a learned bhikkhu. "Mindful", being mindful in four
ways: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Anything", any form, feeling,
thinking, behavior, consciousness. "In all worlds", in all suffering worlds, in
all human worlds, in all celestial worlds, in all aggregate worlds, in all realm
worlds, in all worlds." The mindful Bhikkhu is anything in all worlds.

"Watching at the stuck grasper like this": "Various people grasp, hold, take,
cling to, feel.... They take, grasp, hold, and the clinging is called the stuck
grasper. "Like this", .... "Watching", watching, seeing, looking at, watching
quietly, observing." Watch the stuck grasper like this.

"This generation is entangled in the realm of the god of death": ""generation",
synonymous with all living beings. The realm of the god of death is called the
pollution and the various aggregates and the creations. The generations are in
the realm of the god of death and the realm of demons. Stuck, entangled,
suspended, attached, fixed, obstructed, such as items stuck, entangled,
suspended, attached, fixed, or obstructed on a wall pile or wall hook. In the
same way, the generation is stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, and
obstructed in the realm of death and the realm of demons." This generation is
entangled in the realm of death. Being attached, being fixed, being. "

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."
