### 14. Posāla

81. [Venerable Posāla like this:] To the one who points out the past,
    the undisturbed, who cuts off doubts,
To those who have reached the other side of the dhammas, those in need come with
    questions.

"The one who pointed out the past": ""The one who...", that is the world-honored
person, the one who is alone, and the one without a teacher who has realized the
truth in the Dhamma that has not been heard before, and has reached the state of
all knowing there, the one who [reaches] the state of freedom in strength.
"Point out", the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others, also
points out the future, and points out the present.

How did the Blessed One point out his past? The Blessed One pointed out his
past: He pointed out the whole life, the second life, the third life, the fourth
life, the fifth life, the tenth life, the twentieth life, the thirtieth life,
and the fortieth life. Ten births also pointed out fifty births, and also
pointed out a hundred births...  a thousand births... one hundred thousand
births... many bad calamities... many finished calamities... also pointed out
many bad calamities: "Where is that person? Such a name, such a surname, such a
face, [eating] such food, such a feeling of pain and happiness, such a long
life, the one who died there from where he was born (who was born from there
after death??), and where is the name, ..., the one who died there was born
here." Like this, he pointed out that many previous lives had such behaviors and
situations. In this way, the Blessed One points out his past.

How does the Blessed One point out the past of others? The Blessed One pointed
out the past of others: He pointed out the whole life, and also pointed out the
second life... (omitted). "Like this, he pointed out that many previous lives
had such behaviors and situations. In this way, the Blessed One points out the
past of others.

TODO: Get the correct titles for each of these suttas
When talking about the Five Hundred Prayer Suttas, the Blessed One points out
the past of himself and others; when talking about the Great Sutta [DN.14], the
Blessed One points out the past of himself and others; when talking about the
Great Kindness Sutta [DN.17], the Blessed One Point out the past of oneself and
others; when talking about the Great General Administration Sutta [DN.19], the
Blessed One points out the past of himself and others; when talking about the
Ma'e Diva Sutta [MN.83], the Blessed One points out the past of himself and
others.

This was said by the Blessed One [DN.29]: "Chunta (??)! Regarding the past
lives, Tathāgata has reminiscences and entourage wisdom (??), he [can] recall as much
as he hopes, Chunta! Regarding the future... (omitted). Chunta! Regarding the
present life, the Tathāgata gave birth to Jue-Seng-zhi (the Tathāgata feels
wise??): "This is my last birth, and now, there is no rebirth.""

The wisdom of the root is the power of the Tathāgata; the underlying tendency of
all living beings and the underlying tendency of the troubles is the power of
the Tathāgata; the wisdom of the two gods...; the wisdom of great compassion...;
the wisdom of all knowers...; barrier-free wisdom...; there is no attachment, no
repulsion, and barrier-free wisdom is the Tathāgata power. In this way, the
Blessed One points out the past, future, and present of himself and others, he
explained, taught, .... "The one who pointed out the past.

"[Like this Venerable Posāla]": ....

"The one who is not disturbed, the one who cuts off doubts": ""Disturbance is
called thirst, that is greed, .... That disturbance, thirst, for Buddha, the
Blessed One, has been cut off, the root.... Therefore, the Buddha is the
undisturbed. The disturbed state is ...." The one who does is not disturbed.
"The doubter", doubt is called doubt: .... That doubt has been cut off, severed,
and destroyed for the Buddha and the Blessed One, has been cut off, ..., burned
by the fire of wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who cuts off doubts."
The undisturbed one, one who cuts off doubts.

"Those who have reached the other side": ....

"The needy come with a question": ....

82. The person for whom form has disappeared, the person who has abandoned the
    body,
The seer of "nothing" inside and outside of oneself,
Sakyamuni! I ask about this wisdom, how should people like that be guided?

"Those whose form has disappeared": What is form? The state of thought,
cognition, and cognition of the entrants or the deceased, or those who live in
the realm of life, is the state of consciousness. "Those who have disappeared":
"The four formless waiters (??) are those who have disappeared, those who have
left, those who have passed through, those who have transcended, and those who
have overcome." They are those who have disappeared.

"All-bodies who have given up": "All his rebirth bodies have been given up,
those who have crossed that part, and his body has been suppressed and given up
by those who have given up." The giving up of all bodies.

"Inside and outside of oneself, the seer of "nothing"": ""Nothing" means waiting
for nothingness. For what reason is "nothing" waiting for nothingness? Everyone
who enters (mindfully) and waits until the consciousness of no bounds (jhāna of
the infinitude of consciousness??), and then after coming out of there, that
consciousness does not exist, disappears, and is wiped out. He sees "Nothing",
and for this reason "Nothing" waits for nothing." In his own self and outside,
the "nothing" seer.

"Sakyamuni! I will ask the wisdom": ""Sakyamuni", .... "I ask wisdom", I ask his
wisdom, I ask Wisdom, I ask enlightenment: "What is it like, what is
established, what kind, and what kind of contrasting wisdom should be wanted
(??)?"' Sakyamuni! I will ask wisely (I will ask your wisdom??).

"How should a person like that be guided": "How should he be guided, be
tempered, be comforted, be told, be considered, be seen, and be made clear? How?
How should that higher wisdom make it arise? "That kind of person", that kind of
person, that fixator, that similar person, whoever has nothing to wait to get
those (whoever is the recipient of 'nothing to wait'??)." How people like that
should be guided.

83. [Blessed One: "Posāla!"] Knowing all states of consciousness, the Tathāgata
    is the witness,
Knowing that the survivor is the winner, the one who who is interesting (??).

TODO: what??
"All satipaṭṭhāna (all recognize??)": "The Blessed One knows the Four
Consciousness Astays (??) because of his creation, and he knows the Seven
Consciousness Astays because of the incarnation. How is it that the Blessed One
knows the Four Consciousness Astays because of his creation? This is said by the
Blessed One [SN.22.53]: "Monks! When the consciousness is standing (when
dwelling in...??), you will stand on the color (form??) of climbing, the color
of the object, and the color of standing, and you will be able to grow and
expand. Or, monks! [When recognized,] (you??) will live and stand on the
feeling... (omitted) or, bhikkhus! [When knowing and staying, I will live and
standing on] thinking of clambering... (omitted) Or, monks!, will dwell on the
line of climbing, the line of object, the line of standing, and the sprinkling
of joy, you can come to growth and expansion." This is the Blessed One who knows
the four-knowledge dwelling through fabrication.

How is the Blessed One the one who knows the Seven Consciousness due to the
conjunctivities (??)? This was said by the Lord:

Bhikkhus! Beings with all kinds of bodies and all kinds of thoughts, such as:
people, certain heavens, and certain people who have fallen from the realm, this
is the first consciousness.

Bhikkhus! There are all kinds of beings with a single mind, such as the Brahma
who reborn as the first, this is the second consciousness.

Bhikkhus! Beings with a single body and all kinds of thoughts, such as the
heaven of light and sound, this is the third consciousness.

Bhikkhus! Beings who have a single body and a single mind, such as: the sky of
pure heaven, this is the fourth consciousness.

Bhikkhus! There is the transcendence of thinking with all forms, the extinction
of thinking with the opposite (??), and all kinds of thinking without thinking
[and know] (to not want thinking??): "Void is boundless", to beings in the
emptiness and boundlessness, this is the fifth consciousness.

Bhikkhus! After surpassing all emptiness and boundlessness [and knowledge]:
"Knowledge is boundless", the sentient beings who reach the boundlessness of
consciousness, this is the sixth consciousness.

Bhikkhus! After having transcended all consciousness in the boundless place [and
knowing]: "There is nothing", the sentient beings who reach nowhere are the
seventh consciousness. In this way, the Blessed One knows the seven
consciousnesses because of the rebirth. "Knowledge for everything.

"[Blessed One: "Posāla!"]": ....

"The Tathāgata is the one who proves the knower (if come to be a witness??)":
""The one who proves the knower", the Tathāgata is the one who proves the
knower, the other person, the sure knower, the penetrator. This is said by the
Blessed One [DN.29]: Chunta (Pure Buddha??)! If the past is untrue, unrealistic,
unprofitable, Tathāgata does not answer it, Chunta! If the past is true,
truthful, and unprofitable, if the Tathāgata does not answer it (??), Chunta! If
the past is true, truthful, and profitable, there is the answer to his question,
the Tathāgata is the one who knows the time (??); Chunta! If the future is...
(omitted). Chunta! If the present is ...(omitted).Chunta! Like this, in the
past, the future, and the present Dhamma, the Tathāgata is the speaker of the
right time, the speaker of the fact, the speaker of the benefit, such as the
speaker of the law, Therefore it is called "Tathāgata".

Chunta! Including the world with of heavens, demons, and Brahma; in the
generations with the Samaṇa, brahmins, heavens, and humans, wherever he sees,
hears, feels, knows, gains, asks, and is followed by intentions, that Everything
has been enlightened by the Tathāgata, so it is called "Tathāgata"; Chunta!
Whenever he speaks, talks, and demonstrates in the night of enlightenment, he
says, talks, and shows that everything is the same as it really is, so it is
called "Tathāgata"; Chunta! The Tathāgata is the one who does what he says; the
one who speaks as he does, and the one who does it like this; the one who speaks
as he does it is called "Tathāgata"; Chunta! Including the world with the
heavens, demons, and Brahma; among the generations including the Samaṇa,
brahmins, heavens, and people, the Tathāgata is the conqueror, the unconquered,
the all-seeing, and the free, and so is called the "Tathāgata". "The Tathāgata
is the one who knows.

"Know the survivor": "The Blessed One knows that the survivor is here because of
the deeds of kamma: "This person has passed away to the world of suffering, evil
interest, lower realm, and hell after death through the disintegration of the
body." And the one who knows that exists here: "This person has passed away to
the animal world after death by the disintegration of the body." The Blessed One
knows that this is here due to the deeds of kamma: "This person has passed away
after the disintegration of the body, to the world of hungry ghosts." The
Blessed One knows that he is here because of his kamma: "This person has passed
away after death through the disintegration of his body." The Blessed One knows
that he is here because of his kamma: "With the disintegration of the body,
human beings have been reborn to the realm of goodness and heaven after death."

This was said by the Blessed One [MN.12]:

Again, Sāriputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This
individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the
disintegration of the body, and will be reborn into the way of suffering, evil,
lower realms, and hell after death."

Again, Sāriputta! ...(omitted) ...in the animal world after death."

Again, Sāriputta! ...in the world of hungry ghosts after death."

Again, Sāriputta! ...in the human realm after death."

Again, Sāriputta! ...in the way of goodness and heaven after death."

Again, Sāriputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This
individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the extinction of
all the troubles, and will enter in the life after witnessing the wisdom to
testify, then live in the mind free from worry, with the relief of wisdom." To
know that, continued.

"It is the victor, the one who is interested (??)": "The "victor" who has
nowhere. "The victor", "the one who overcomes the solution by liberation, the
one who overcomes the solution there, and the one with that (??). Or, the
Blessed One knows that: this person is the one who overcomes the solution by
form, the solution by sound, the solution by smell, the solution by taste, the
solution by touch, the solution by family, the solution by group, the winner of
residence, the winner of profit, the winner of reputation, the winner of praise,
the winner of joy, the winner of clothing, the winner of group food (??), the
winner of shelter, of the needs of patients and medical necessities, the
interpreter, the victorious interpreter, the ruler victorious, the Abhidhamma
(??) victorious, Aranruo (Arahant??)) victorious: the one who always begs for
food, the dung-sweeping and the victorious, the three-clothing, the victorious,
those who beg for food and overcome solutions, those who do not suffer from food
after eating, those who often sit and do not sleep, those who live anywhere,
those who overcome solutions, those who (through) first meditation overcome
solutions, those who (through) second meditation ..., and those who (through)
third meditation..., those who are in the fourth meditation are the winners of
the solution, those who wait for the solution in the emptiness and
boundlessness, the ones who wait for the solution in the knowing the
boundlessness, those who wait for the solution in the nowhere, and those who do
not want to wait (??) for the solution." The winner.

"The one who is interested" means the one who has no place, the one who is
interested, the one who is interested in kamma, the one who repays the fun (??),
the one who is heavy, and the one who regenerates. Or, the Blessed One knows:
This person is a person who is interested in form... (slightly) a person who
wants to be interesting (??). "Being the winner, the one who has interest.

84. After knowing the arising of nothingness, like this, is the knot of joy,
After he knows in this way, he sees clearly with insight there;
This is his true wisdom, that of the completed brahmin.

"After knowing the arising of nothingness: ""Arising of nothingness" is called a
creation that leads to nothingness. Knowing that the creation that leads to
nothingness is "nothing arises", after knowing it is "adhesion", knowing is
after "binding", after knowing it is "obstacle", after understanding, after
measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." After knowing
that nothing has arisen.

"Like this is the joyful knot": "The happy knot is called formless greed. The
kamma is attached, fixed, and obstructed by formless greed. After knowing that
formless greed is "happy knot", after knowing it is "adhesion", .... Like this",
.... "Being like this is a happy knot.

"After proving this in this way": "After proving this in this way, after
understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying." After proving this.

"Afterwards be there as Vipassana (??)": ""There", enter into the place of no
possessions, and then after exiting from there, become Vipassana as impermanent
in the mind and mental states that arise; as Vipassana for the suffering; for
the sick... (omitted). Being Vipassana is to leave, he sees, watches, meditates,
and observes." Afterwards, there will be Vipassana.

"This is his true wisdom": "This is his true, factual, correct, and non-reversed
wisdom." This is his true wisdom.

"Finished Brahman": "Brahman", the excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is
Brahman... (omitted) those who are not dependent, like this can be called a
Brahman. "Completed Brahman": "Seven common people, including seven kinds of
learned, live, live together, dwell, and stay for those who deserve but not, who
should be reached but not reached, and who should testify but not testify (
living everywhere) (??), the Arahant has completed, what should be done, the
burden has been discharged, his own interests have been achieved, some knots
have been wiped out, and he is liberated with ultimate wisdom. He is a person
who has descended into a state, has practiced... (omitted), ...life and death,
without his rebirth." The completed Brahman.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
