### 17. Explanation of the Praise Sutta (the other side)

93. The Lord said this, when he lived in the Gata Temple in Magadha Basa,
To the sixteen brahmins who served, he answered the questions of those who asked
questioned one by one.

"The Blessed One said this": "Speaking of the other side of the road. "The
Blessed One", ...(omitted, see previous sections). The Blessed One said this.
"Living in Magadha", when you live in the kingdom of Magadha, act, turn around,
guard, and survive. "When Bosha leads the Gota Temple (???)", Bosha leads the
Gota The temple is called the Buddha as a seat." It is when He lived in the
Megata Bosaring Gata Temple.

"To the sixteen brahmins who serve": "Brahmins of Binchia are the followers,
attendants, servants, and disciples of Bawali, and Binchia and those are
sixteen." The sixteen Brahman. Or, "Those sixteen Brahmins are followers,
attendants, servants, and disciples of the Buddha, the Blessed One." This is
also 'the sixteen Brahmins who serve'.

"He answered the questions requested and questioned, one by one": ""requested",
sought, desired. "All asked", All questioned one by one; all asked one by one;
all one by one begged; all requested; all asked to be made clear. "He answered
the questions", he answered, explained, taught, informed, established,
uncovered, analyzed, clarified, To explain the problem." He answered the
questions for the requested and questioned one by one.

94. If you have one problem after another, after knowing the reason and knowing
    the Dhamma, he can follow the Dhamma and practice it, he can go to the other side
    of old age and death,
"These Dhammas can go to the other shore." Therefore, the synonym of the teachings
of these Dhammas is "the other shore road."

TODO: clean this one up with all the correct names
"If there is one problem": "If there are more questions from Ayi, if there are
more questions from Low Sher Maitreya, one question about Fulou Nage and
Maitreya, if there are also questions about both I also deal with the problems
of U Bosi, Nanda and Heima Ge, if I also deal with the problems of Dushang Ya,
and if I also deal with the two questions of Ge Bo, they are the same as the
virtuous Ruo Du Geng Ni. If it is also a question for Bodo Wuda, if it is also a
question for Udha, if it is also a question for Psalala, if it is also a
question for Moe Yeongyu, if it is also a question for Binqia. One question."
If there is one problem (question).

"After knowing the reason, after knowing the Dhamma": ""The question is the law,
and the answer is the truth." After knowing the reason, after understanding,
after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." In order to
know the afterword. "After knowing the Dhamma", "after knowing the Dhamma, after
understanding, .... "In order to know the Dhamma. "In order to know the truth,
after knowing the Dhamma. "Able to follow the Dhamma and practice": "The correct
way, following the way, the way that is not reversed, the way that does has no
contradiction, such as the meaning of the way(??), the way he can implement."
Ability to follow the Dhamma.

"He can walk to the other shore of age and death": The other shore of age and
death is called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the
cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, annihilation,
and Nibbana. "He can walk to the other shore of age and death": "He can walk to
the other shore of age and death, can prove the other shore, can touch the other
shore, and can testify to the other shore." He can walk to the other shore of
age and death.

"These dhammas can go to the other shore": "These dhammas can go to the other
shore, they make one to reach the other shore, reach the other shore completely,
and they lead to the death of age and death." These dhammas can walk to the
other shore.

"Therefore the teachings of these dhammas": "therefore", .... "The teaching of
these dhammas  is for this other side of the road." For this reason these laws
are taught. "Synonymously is "the other side path": "The other side is called
immortality, Nibbana.... This is called the Path, that is: right view....
"Synonym": name, appellation, common name, naming, vocabulary, phrase."
Synonymous with "the other shore road."

95. Ajita, Low Shemaitreya, Fuluna Ge and Mai Legu,
as well as Dudag, Ubosi, Nanda and Black Margaret.

96. Du Di Ya and Ge Bo, and the virtuous Ruo Du Geng Ni,
as well as Bodo Uda, Udha, and the Brahmin of Persala,
The clever Mo'eqiang, with the great immortal Binqiya.

97. They approach the enlightened ones: the immortal with full deeds,
asked subtle questions, approaching the victorious one.

"They are close to the enlightened ones": "they", sixteen brahmins for the other
side of the road. "Enlightened One (Buddha)", that is the one who has
enlightened the truth in the Dhamma that has not been heard before, and reaches
the state of all knowing there, and the state of freedom in strength. What does
"enlightened one" mean to be an enlightened one? "The one who feels the truth"
is the enlightened one, the "makes the living being aware"..., the state of all
knowing..., the state of all seeing, and the state that is not guided by others
is the enlightened. Those who have flowed out are the enlightened ones, those
who have exhausted their troubles are given names as enlightened ones, those who
have no troubles..., those who have always been free from greed are enlightened,
and those who have always been free from hatred. For the enlightened person,
"the one who has always been away from ignorance" is the enlightened person, the
"the one who has always been free from pollution"..., the one who has crossed
the road without crossroads..., and the one who has been alone is enlightened
without being enlightened (??). For the enlightened person, the state of not
being killed is the enlightened person, and the state of being enlightened is
the enlightened person. "Enlightened person", this name is not given (made) by
the mother, not given by the father, not ...by the brothers, ...sisters,
...friends, relatives; Shamen or Brahmin; not given my heaven, this is ultimate
liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) of the acquisition and testimony of
the Buddha, the Blessed One, and the Bodhi tree, together with all knowledge and
wisdom, is the enlightened one. "The one who is enlightened. "They approach the
enlightened one": "They approach, see, visit, ask, and question the enlightened
one." They approach the enlightened one.

"The immortal with sufficient action": "The action is called the arising of the
vow, and the self-control of the vow is action; the self-control of the root is
also action; it is also action to know the right amount of diet; it is also
action to specialize in sobriety; the seven principles [MN.53] are also action;
the four meditations are also actions. "Those with sufficient actions", those
with sufficient actions, the best actions, the highest actions, the first
actions, the winning actions, and the top actions. "The Immortal", the Blessed
One is an immortal, "The Great Precepts Seekers" are immortals... "Sought,
pursued, and searched for by powerful beings: Where is the Buddha? Where is the
Blessed One? Where is the god among the gods? Where is the bull king among the
people?" He is an immortal." He is an immortal with full deeds.

"Asking subtle questions": ""asking", inquiring, begging, asking; making it
clear. "Subtle questions", deep, hard to see, hard to follow, and silent,
triumphant, non-theoretical, delicate, and experienced by the wise." To ask
subtle questions.

"Close to the most victorious Enlightened One": ""Enlightened One", "That is the
Blessed One...." "The most victorious", the first, the most victorious, the
great, the superior, the highest, the most winning, the top enlightened one,
they approach, come close to, meet, visit, inquire, and ask." They are the close
to the most victorious enlightened one.

98. The enlightened person thoroughly answers for them, the questions asked,
    truthfully,
With answers to the questions, Muni satisfied the Brahmins.

"The Enlightened One provides a thorough answer for them": ""For them", for the
sixteen Brahmins who are on the other side of the road. "The Enlightened One",
.... "Thorough answers", the enlightened one thoroughly answers, explains,
teaches, informs, establishes, uncovers, analyzes, and clarifies for them." The
enlightened one provides them with a thorough answer.

"Questions asked, truthfully": ""Questions asked", questions asked, questioned,
begged, requested, and made clear. "As they are", as they should be explained.
Explain; teach like that as it should be taught; tell like that as it should be
told; build like that as it should be built; uncover like that as it should be
uncovered; unfold like that as it should be unfoled; parse like that as it
should be parsed; clarified like that as it should be clarified; what should be
stated is stated like that." The question asked, truthfully.

"To answer questions": "To answer questions, explain, teach, inform, establish,
uncover, analyze, and clarify." The answer to the problem.

'Muni satisfied the Brahmin": ""Satisfy", make satisfaction, expand
satisfaction, make clear, make joy, and produce pleasure. "Brahmins" are sixteen
Brahmins who work for the other side of the road. "Muni"....
Muni satisfied the Brahmins.

99. They are satisfied by the eyes (him with eyes), the enlightened, he of the sun tribe,
They do Brahma: in front of the noble and wise.

"They are satisfied by those with eyes": ""They", ... "Satisfied", .... "Eyes",
.... "They are satisfied by those with eyes.

"The enlightened person, the person of the sun tribe": "The enlightened person",
.... "Sun tribe": Sun (Ādicco) Is called the sun (sūriyo), his surname is
Gautama, the Blessed One is also a surnamed Gautama, the Blessed One is a
relative of the sun surname, so the enlightened person is a member of the sun
tribe." The enlightened person, the sun tribe.

"They do Brahma": Brahma is called separation, abstinence, withdrawal,
renunciation, detachment, no action, no misdeed, no offense, no transgression,
bridge destruction from non-rectification (no destruction of the bridge??). Or,
because there is no difference, the Brahma is called the eight noble paths,
namely: right view, right will, right speech, right kamma, right life, right
effort, right thought, right concentration. "They do Brahma": "They do,
practice, and turn to Brahma after acceptance." They do Brahma.

"In front of the noble and wise": "The noble and the first, the most wise, the
supremely wise, the uppermost wise, the highest wise, the top wise." In front",
in front, near, not far, near." In front of the noble and wise.

100. One by one, as taught by the enlightened person,
Anyone who can practice like that can walk from this shore to the other shore.

"One by one question": "One by one question by Aiduo, one by one question by Low
Shemaitre... (omitted) by Binchia." A question one by one.

"As taught by the enlightened person": "Enlightened one", .... As explained,
taught, ...by the enlightened person." As taught by the enlightened person.

"Anyone who can do it like that": "He can do the right way, follow the way, the
way that is not opposite, the way of righteousness, and the way of the Dhamma."
Those who can practice like that.

"Able to walk from this shore to the other shore": The other shore is called
immortality, Nibbana...; this shore is called pollution, aggregates, and
creations. "Can walk from this shore to the other shore": He can walk from this
shore to the other shore, can prove to the other shore, touch the other shore,
and testify to the other shore. "To be able to walk from this shore to the other
shore.

101. Able to walk from this shore to the other shore: when practicing the
     highest way,
That way is to get to the other side, so it is the other side road like this.

"Able to walk from this shore to the other shore": ....

"When practicing the highest path": "The highest path is called the eight holy
paths, namely: right view.... "When practicing", when practicing, when
practicing more." When practicing the highest path.

"That way is to reach the other shore": "
the way, Path, road, path, walkway,
with boats, ferry bridges, rafts, bamboo rafts, and bridges.

"In order to reach the other shore", in order to reach the other shore, in order
to reach the other shore, in order to completely reach the end of old age and death.
"That way is to get to the other side.

"Like this, therefore, it is the path of the other side": ""Therefore", .... The
other side is called immortality, Nibbana.... (Path... is called the path??)
"Like this", .... For it is like this, therefore 'the other side path.'
