### Fourth Chapter

151. In terms of taste, not being a greedy person, a person who is not desiring, a
     person who does not nurture others, a second-time beggar (not skipping houses),
not restrained to any family, one should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"In terms of taste, one who is not greedy or desiring": """Taste (taste)", there
are root, branch, skin, leaf, flower, fruit, sour, sweet, bitter, spicy, salty,
alkaline, astringent, pleasant, unpleasant, cold, and hot. Some Samana and
Brahman are greedy for taste. They wander around for the best taste with their
tongues. After they get the sour taste, ask for no sour taste, and ask for
sourness after getting no sour taste; ...(omitted) sweetness ...(omitted);
bitterness, spicy, salty alkali; when they get the sour taste, they look for the
astringency, when they get the astringency, look for the sour taste; ...pleasant
taste..., unpleasant...; ...unpleasant..., pleasant...; When they get the heat,
they ask for coolness, they always ask for dissatisfaction (are dissatisfied?)
after getting the heat. They are greedy, craving, tied, fascinated, tainted,
attached, fixed, in the desire for taste. Being obstructed, for the single
enlightened person, the taste and thirst and love have been cut off, ...,
therefore, that single enlightened person eats food after inspection: "Neither
for pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for a good figure, not for dignity, but
only for the survival of this body, to stop harm, and to support the Brahma. In
this way, I will repel the previous feelings, will not arouse new feelings, be
healthy, without fault, and live in peace."

For example, if he applies oil to the sore, it is only for the purpose of
growing [flesh], or, if he applies oil to the axle, only for the purpose of
transporting goods, or, if he eats his son's meat it is only for the purpose of
desertification (??). In the same way, the single-enlightened person ate food
after introspection: "Neither for pleasure....." I have separated from the
craving of taste, quit, departed, left, been freed, and being unbound, he lives
with the restrained heart. "One who is not greedy in taste.

"Those who are not greedy", greed is called craving, which is greed.... That
greed and thirst have been cut off for the Enlightened One, ..., therefore, the
single enlightened ones are the ones who are not greedy. "In terms of taste,
they are not greedy or desiring.

"Those who don't nurture other people, second-order beggars": "Those who don't
raise other people", "For that single enlightened person, only nurture
themselves, not others." Those who don't nurture other people.

"Those who do not nurture others, those who already know, those who have been
transferred, those who have settled in the core,
Those who have exhausted their troubles and those who have eliminated their
faults, I say he is a Brahman. [Ud.6]"

"Those who do not nurture others, second-time beggars": "The single enlightened
person puts on his clothes in the early afternoon, takes the mantle, has guarded
his body, has guarded his words, has guarded his heart, and his mind has
emerged, with the protection of the roots, in order to enter a village or town
with as a beggar, those who have their eyes down and behave adequately, go from
home to home without crossing to beg for alms." Those who do not nurture other
people, second-order beggars.

"Do not be bound in the center of a family": the mind is bound in two ways:
making oneself humble, and others stand noble while the heart is bound, or
making others stand humble, and oneself stand noble and the heart is bound.
How to make yourself humble and make others stand up noble and flatter others?
...(omitted, see previous sections).

How to make others humble, make oneself stand noble and be restrained?
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Do not be fettered in the center of one family": "The mind of the single
enlightened person is not fettered by the obstacles of the family; the heart is
not fettered by the obstacles of the group (people); ...the residence; ...the
clothes; ...group feeding; ...shelter; ...patient's needs and medical
necessities." In order not to be bound in the center of a family, one should be
alone like a rhinoceros

152. After giving up the five covers of breaking (obstacles of) the mind, after expelling all
     the defilements,
After cutting off love and aversion, the unstoppable should walk alone like a
   rhinoceros.

"Giving up the five Hidden covers the mind": "The one who is only enlightened,
the desire to obliterate, after giving up, after abandoning, after being driven
away, after finishing, after making it go to non-existence, malicious cover...,
sleeping cover..., regret cover..., doubt cover..., after giving up, after
abandoning up, after being driven away, after finishing, after making it go to
non-existence, after leaving desire, leaving unwholesome Dhamma, after entering
into existence seeking (??), there is waiting, the first meditation of joy and
happiness after separation." Giving up the five covers of the mind.

"After having expelled all kilesas (defilements)": Greed is the heart that
follows the kilesas; anger is the heart that follows the kilesas; ignorance is
the heart that follows the kilesas; anger... resentment.... "After expelling all
the kilesas": "After expelling all the kilesas, after removing, after
abandoning, after being expelled, after finishing, and making them go to
non-existence." After the expulsion.

"The non-dependant one cuts off love and aversion": "The non-dependant" has two
kinds of dependence: the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing....
"Love", there are two kinds of love: the love of thirsting and the love of
seeing.... "Aversion", that is the state of anger, hostility, disgust, aversion,
evil, anger of the heart , aggrieved, angry state, abusive, irritated, irritated
state, hostility, brutal anger, rage, displeased heart. "The unrestrained one
cuts off the love and the aversion": "The thirsty love and the seeing love and
the aversion, to the single enlightened one, is cut off, severed, after
abandoning, after driving away, after finishing, making it come to
non-existence, there are those who do not adhere to the eyes; those who do not
adhere to the ears..., the unstuck, the unclicnging, the person who does not
turn his heart toward (victor). He who has left, has departed, has been
liberated, has been separated from bondage, he lives with the restrained heart."
After cutting off love and aversion for the unstoppable (??), one should be like
a rhinoceros going alone.

153. After putting aside joy and suffering, and the joy and worry before
     (previously put side),
After getting the clean peace (equanimity and purity??) and samadhi, one should
   walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"After putting aside happiness and suffering, and the joy and sorrow before":
"The only enlightened one who renounced pleasure and sorrow, and with the
extinction of the joy and sorrow previously, enters and lives without suffering
or not suffering. Happiness is the fourth jhāna that starts from calm and
chanting all over." To put aside the joy and sorrow, and before, happiness and
suffering.

"After gaining pure peace and samatha": "calm", that is the peace, carelessness,
onlooking, the cessation of the mind, the equality of the mind, the peaceful
state of the mind, the neutral state of the mind in the fourth jhāna. "Samadha"
means the mind's cessation, stability, undistracted, stable mind, smooth mind,
samadha (stopping), fixed root, steady force, and concentration. The peace and
samadhi in the fourth jhāna are pure, completely pure, all pure, purified,
non-filthy, free from defilements, plastic (pliable??), suitable for work,
standing still, and immutable. "After getting the pure peace, samadhi": "The
peace in the fourth jhāna, After Samatha is obtained, after obtaining, after
possessing, after receiving. "In order to obtain pure peace, after samadhi, he
should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

154. Those whose vitality has been activated in order to obtain the highest
     interests, those who do not shrink from their hearts, those who do not
     slack in their behaviors,
Those who are firm, hardworking, fortitudinous and strong, should walk alone like a
rhinoceros.

"Those whose vitality has been activated for the gain of the highest interest":
"The highest interest is called immortality, Nibbāna, which is the cessation of
all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed,
annihilation, Nibbāna. In order to obtain, receive, reach, contact, and testify
for the highest interests, live in the abandonment of unwholesome Dhamma, for
the fullness of good Dhamma and vitality has been activated, fortitude, firm
efforts, and not neglect the good Dhamma responsibility." Those who have been
motivated for the sake of obtaining the highest interests.

"Those who do not shrink in their minds and do not slacken their actions": "The
one who has only enlightened his desires hard, arouses vitality, devotes
himself, and works hard for the evil and unwholesome dhammas that have not
arisen; for the evil and unwholesome laws that have arisen to give up...
(omitted), for the arising of the unborn good Dhamma..., for the survival, not
disappearing, increase, expansion, and completion of the practice of the good
Dhamma that has arisen, desire, hard work, vitality, dedication, diligence. "The
one who doesn't shrink from the heart, and the one who doesn't slack in
behavior.

Or, "I am willing to leave only skin, tendons, and bones; if the flesh and blood
of the body is dried up, as long as people's perseverance, human strength, human
vitality, and human efforts should be achieved but not achieved (reached??),
there will be no cessation of vitality. [SN.12.2] "He is dedicated and diligent,
so he is also a person who does not shrink from his heart and his behavior is
not slack.

"I will neither eat nor drink, nor go out of my residence,
Will not cause the thigh to fall (lying down), and the arrow of thirst [also]
cannot be removed. "[Thag.223]

He is dedicated and hardworking, so he is also a person who does not shrink from
his heart and his behavior is not slack.

"As long as my heart is not freed from the troubles by not clinging, I will not
break this cross-legged (posture)! [MN.32]" He is dedicated and diligent, so he
is also a person who does not back down and does not slack off.

"As long as my mind is not free from the troubles with non-clinging, I will not
get up from this seat." He is dedicated and diligent, so he is also a person who
does not shrink from his heart and does not slack off his behavior.

"I will not go down from the scripture... (omitted), I will not go out from the
residence..., I will not go out from the half-roofed house..., the tall
building, the flat house, cave, hut, heavy pavilion, observation deck, round
house, shed, lecture hall, tent..., as long as my heart is not free from all
defilements without clinging, I will not go out from the tree." He is dedicated
and diligent, so he is also a person who does not shrink from his heart and his
behavior is not slack.

"Just before this noon, I will obtain, fully obtain, attain, reach, and testify
to the Holy Dhamma." He is dedicated and diligent, so he is also a person who
does not shrink from his heart and who does not slacken his behavior. "Just at
noon... (omitted), in the evening...,  before eating, after eating, before the
night, the night, after the night, at the time of death (late night??), at the
time of the white moon, during the rainy season, in the winter, summer, youth,
adolescence, middle-age, old age..., I will acquire, fully acquire, attain,
reach, and testify about the Holy Dhamma." He is dedicated and diligent, and so
is also a person who does not shrink in heart and does not slack in behavior.

"Strong hard work, fortitude, and strength": "The single enlightened one was a
strong holder of good dhamma, in good deeds in body, words, good intentions,
generosity and sharing, precepts and holdings, proximity (??), deeds of filial
piety to his mother, deeds of filial piety to his father, respect to Samana,
respect to Brahman, respect to the oldest person in the family, certain holders
who live up to the highest virtues [DN.30 ]." — a strong hardworking person.
"With fortitude and a strength-sufficient person", the single enlightened person
has, fully has, reached, fully reached, possessed, fully possessed fortitude,
strength, vitality, hard work, wisdom." Those who are strong, hardworking, with
fortitude and strength, should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

155. Those who sit alone, do not ignore jhāna, and always follow the Dhamma,
having explored the misery in existence, should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Sit alone, do not ignore jhāna": "The single enlightened person is a person who
is willing to sit alone, a person who loves to sit alone, and a practitioner of
inner cessation, does not despise jhāna, ...(omitted, see previous sections),
are those who sit alone. "Do not ignore jhāna", the one who is enlightened in
two ways doesn't neglect jhāna: "For the sake of the first jhāna that has not
arisen to become the upper yoke, the strong upper yoke, the full upper yoke,
toward the upper yoke, the completely toward the upper yoke(??), or for the
second jhāna... (omitted) or for the reason that the third jhāna has not
arisen... or for the emergence of the fourth jhāna .... "In this way he doesn't
ignore Zen.

Or, the first jhāna has been born, practice and more practice, or the second
jhāna has arisen..., or the third jhāna..., or the fourth jhāna has been
born..., so that he does not ignore jhāna. "Sit alone and don't ignore jhāna."

"A person who always follows the Dhamma (in the Dhamma)": Four mindfulnesses...
(omitted)..., the eight holy paths are called Dhamma. What is
(randomness/fact/path?? unclear)? Correct path, follow the path, the path that
is not inverted, the path of the meaning, the path of the Dhamma, the
completeness of the precepts, the guardian of the roots, knowing the right
amount of diet, sobriety, the mind and the right knowledge, these are called
following the Dhamma. "Follow the Dhamma in the Dhamma": "In the Dhamma always;
eternal time; always constant; continuous; uninterrupted; successively; like
water waves arising without intervals; they are continuously accompanied by
making them reach; before noon, noon, first night, midnight, and late night;
settle in the dark moon, bright moon, rainy season, winter, summer; in youth,
middle age, old age, he walks, lives, acts, turns, guards, and survives." It is
a person who always follows the Dhamma.

"I have explored the misery in all existence": ""All actions are impermanent",
..., "all actions are suffering"..., "all Dhamma is selfless"..., "any
collection of Dhamma is an extinction of Dhamma". I have probed misery on all
beings." In order to detect misery in all existence, you should walk alone like
a rhinoceros.

156. Those who wish for the extermination of love, those who do not let go
     (relax), those who are wise, those who hear (learn) more, those who have
     mindfulness,
The perceiver, decider, and diligent one of the Dhamma should walk alone like a
   rhinoceros.

"Hope for the extinction of the thirst for love, the one who does not let go":
"The thirst of "thirst for love" is the lust of..., the end of the death, the
end of ignorance, the end of interest, the end of rebirth, the end of rotation,
the end of some, the end of reincarnation, the end of the cycle, eager (??), and
supplicant. "The one who longs for the extinction of love. "The one who does not
let go", the one who is alone is a respectful author, a regular author...
(omitted) in good Dhamma, not neglecting responsibility, the one who doesn't let
go." The one who wants extinction and the one who doesn't let go.

"The wise, the hearer (of news/learning??), the thoughtful": "The wise one (not
the deaf and mute)", the one who is enlightened alone is the wise, the
enlightened, the distinguished, and the wise. "The one who hears more", the one
who is only aware is the one who hears more, remembers what has been heard,
accumulates what has been heard, all those who have goodness in the beginning,
goodness in the middle, and goodness in the end; correct meaning and correct
words, proclaiming that there is only a complete and pure Brahman Dhamma. Such
Dhamma has been heard, remembered, recited, observed with the heart, and
penetrated by seeing the good. "Those who have mindfulness" are the one who is
only enlightened, and have the highest level of thought and intelligence. They
are the memorizers and recallers who did it a long time ago and said it a long
time ago." They are smart, hearers, and mindful.

"The Dhamma-seeker, the decider, and the diligent": "The Dhamma-understander is
called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (omitted), and right view. The
one who is only enlightened is the perceiver of the Dhamma, the knower of the
Dhamma, the measurer of the Dhamma, the judge of the Dhamma, the clearer of the
Dhamma: "all actions are impermanent", ....the clearer of the Dhamma. Or, for
the single enlightened one, it is the (the enlightened person, Ni.18-the same
below??), the realm enlightened person, the place enlightened person, the
interesting (??) enlightened person, the enlightened person of the rebirth, the
enlightened person of the revolving, some enlightened persons, the enlightened
person of rotation, the enlightened person of reincarnation. Or, the one who is
enlightened is the one who lives in the ultimate (boundary), the one who lives
in the world, the one who lives in the ultimate, the one who lives in the
ultimate place of interest, the one who lives in the final life, the one who
stands at the end of the incarnation, the one who stands at the end, the one who
stands at the end of reincarnation, the one who stands at the end of the cycle,
the one who stands at the end. Those who gather (the last body) at the end,
those who hold the last self-enlightenment.

"This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),
The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. "

For this reason, the enlightened person is the perceiver of the Dhamma. The
"decider", the Four Holy Paths are called the decision, and the "one with the
Four Holy Paths" is the decider. He has reached, fully reached, arrived, and has
given testimony to the decision. The decision has been reached. "Diligence",
diligence is called vitality, which is the stimulation of the vitality of the
heart, diligence, hard work, courage, fortitude, effort, firmness, a state of
courage without relaxation, a state of desire not to give up, and the state of
not neglecting responsibility, the support of responsibility, vitality, vitality
root, vitality power, right diligence. The enlightened person arrives (has),
fully arrived (has), entered, fully entered, possessed, fully possessed,
possesses this diligence. Therefore, the single enlightened person is a diligent
person. The perceiver, decision maker, and diligent person in the Dhamma should
walk alone like a rhinoceros.

157. Like the lion not afraid of sounds, like the wind not stuck in the net,
Like a red lotus, one which is not stained with water, one should walk alone
   like a rhinoceros.

"Like a lion is not afraid of sounds": "Like a lion, the Beast King, is one who
is not afraid of sound, who is has no fear of sound, who is not frightened, who
is not suspicious, who is not timid, who does not run away, the one who is not
afraid of the sound, those who live where they have given up their terror and
fear, and have left their bodies erected (abandoned erected body hair — hair
standing on end)." A lion is not afraid of sounds.

"As the wind is not adhered to the net": ""Wind", east wind, west wind, north
wind, south wind, dusty wind, dust-free wind, cold wind, hot wind, small wind,
extreme wind, swift wind, cross wind, golden-winged bird wind, dolo leaf wind,
fan wind; nets are called rope nets. As the wind is not caught by the net, is
stuck, not bound, not captured, not tied, and not to be bound by the whole
world, there are two kinds of nets in the same way: thirsting nets and seeing
nets...(omitted). To the single enlightened one, the net of thirst has been cut
off, the seeing net has been cut off, in the state where the thirst net has been
cut off, the seeing net has been cut off, the single enlightened person is not
stuck in physicality, not adhered to sound... (omitted), not adhered to,
captured, tied, or bound to the world in the dhammas that are seen, heard,
sensed, and can be known. He has left, has been freed, has been separated from
the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted." As
the wind is not stuck in the net.

"As the red lotus is not stained with water": "Red lotus is called red lotus,
and water (Toyaṃ) is called water (udakaṃ). As the red lotus is not stained with
water, is not strongly stained, or is not closely stained, it is no longer
stained, no longer strongly stained, no longer stained closely; the same, there
are two kinds of adhesion: the adhesion of thirsting and the adhesion of
seeing.... For the one who is only enlightened, the adhesion of desire has been
cut off...(omitted), in seeing, hearing, feeling, and being aware of the dhammas
are not stained, not strongly stained,..., has been separated, has left, has
been liberated, has been separated from the bondage, and dwells away from the
restrained heart.." As a red lotus which is not stained with water, you should
walk alone like a rhinoceros.

158. Like the lion, beast king, is one with strong teeth, a walker after
     oppression and victory (after overcoming),
One should use the border (distant) dwellings, walking alone like a rhinoceros.

"As the lion, beast king, is one with powerful teeth, a walker who oppresses and
defeats": "As the lion and a beast king is one with powerful teeth and a weapon
with teeth, it wins, defeats, overwhelms, and ends all the animals that fall
into the animal category. After crushing, walking, dwelling, acting, turning,
guarding, surviving. That single enlightened person is also a powerful person
with wisdom, and one who uses wisdom as a weapon. He beats with wisdom among all
the living, he defeated, overwhelmed, terminated, crushed, and walked, stayed,
acted, turned, guarded, and survived." As the lion, beast king, is one with
strong teeth and a walker after oppression and victory.

"One should use border (distant) dwellings": "As the lion and beast king enters
the forest, the wild forest, walks, lives, ..., the lonely enlightened person
will also use the forest, the wild forest, and the border dwelling (reclining
place): low voice, quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for
sitting alone; he walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, lies alone, enters the
village alone for alms, advance alone, returns alone, sits alone in a quiet
place, performs alone, walks, lives, moves, turns, guards, and survives alone."
One should use the border dwellings, walking alone like a rhinoceros.

159. At the right time, be kind, compassionate, joyful, calm and free,
Those who are not opposed by all the world should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"At the right time, be kind, compassionate, joyful, calm and liberate": "The one
who is enlightened alone fills one side with the heart of walking with
compassion...(omitted, see previous sections). The heart of sadness..., the
heart of walking with joy..., the heart of walking with peace..., the heart that
is vast, outstanding, immeasurable, free of resentment, with no malice, and live
after." In time, be kind, compassionate, joyful, calm and liberating.

"Not opposed by all worldly opponents": In the state of being practised in
compassion, all beings in the East are not against them. All beings in the
west... (Omitted), north, south, middle of the east, middle of the west, middle
of the north, middle of the south, ...all beings below, above..., all beings in
all directions to not disobey; in a state of sadness that has been practiced...
in a state of joy that has been practiced... in a state of calmness that has
been practiced, ...all sentient beings in all directions do not disobey. "Not to
be opposed by all worldly opponents": "Not to be denied by all worldly
opponents, hostiles, angry people, and counterattacks." Not being opposed by all
worldly opponents, one should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

160. After breaking greed, anger and ignorance, after breaking the knots,
Those who are not afraid at the end of their lives should walk alone like a
   rhinoceros.

"After quitting greed, anger, and ignorance": "Greed", that is greed....
"Anger", that is the anger and hostility of the heart.... "Ignorance", the
ignorance of suffering.... "After renunciation of greed, anger, and ignorance":
"The only enlightened person whose greed, anger, and ignorance, after cessation,
after abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing, and making them to
go beyond existence."

"After breaking the knots": There are ten kinds of knots: .... "After breaking
the knots": "After the ten kinds of knots are cut, broken, completely broken,
after being broken, after being driven away, after finishing, and making them go
to non-existence." After the end of the knots.

"Those who are not afraid when their lives end": "The one who is alone is, at
the end of life, not afraid, those who do not fear, those who are not
frightened, .... Those who do not fear at the end of their lives should walk
alone like a rhinoceros.

161. They get close and serve (you) for reasons of (their own) interest. Friends
   with no motive are hard to get today.
Impure people have the wisdom of their own interests, so one  should walk alone
   like a rhinoceros.

"They get close to and serve for reasons of interest": "For the reasons of their
own interests, for the interests of others, for the interests of both, for the
reasons of current interests, for the interests of the past, for the reasons of
the highest interests, They are close, dedicated (totally close), serve,
associate (to serve down), communicate (totally serve), and follow (toward
serving)." They get close and serve for reasons of benefit.

"Friends for no reason (with no motive) are hard to get today": "Friends", there
are two kinds of friends: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Friends without
a reason are hard to get today": "These two kinds of friends without a reason,
(??) and no reason are hard to get." Friends for no reason are hard to get
today.

"Impure people have the wisdom of their own interests": "The wisdom of their own
interests", "For their own interests, their own causes, their own reasons, their
own motives, they get close, ..., deeds, good deeds, respect, inquiries and
questions all the time." Wisdom for their own benefit. "The impure person",
"having impure body kamma "Is impure person; "having impure mental kamma" is
impure person; impure killing... (omitted); not given annd taken;, deceit,
vulgar language, greed, pure malice, wrong views, impure thought (intention),
impure hope, having impure desires is "impure person"; impure is inferior,
despicable, low, inferior intent, and insignificant." People who are impure have
the wisdom of their own interests.

"Should walk alone like a rhinoceros": ""Alone", the single enlightened person
named as a monk alone.... "Should do", there are eight kinds of activities....
"Like a rhinoceros", the rhinoceros is truly unique...." One should walk alone
like a rhinoceros.

---

The description of the Rhinoceros Sutta is completed.

"Ajita, Tissa Metteyya, Punṇạka, and Mettagū,
As well as Dhotaka and Upasīva, Nanda and Hemaka,
The two Todeyya and Kappa, and the wise Jatukanṇị̄,
As well as Bhadrāvudha and Udaya, and the brahmin Posāla,
the clever Mogharāja, and the great rishi Piṅgiya,
To these sixteen, as the teaching of Brahman.
As explained by the other shore road, there are only so many,
The explanation of the rhinoceros sutra is the same,
The two kinds of explanations should be known, and the difference has been completed."

---

The small classic interpretation is completed.
