






















NextIn four ways for mindfulness: to avoid the state of mindfulness, to avoid
the state of mindfulness, the state of the law of the obstruction is broken,
and the law of the nothfulness factor (phase) is not forgotten The state is
mindful.

The next in four ways for the mindfulness: to the state of mind, to mind the
state of mind, to the state of mind, to read the state of proficiency as
mindful, to the state of mind is not falling.

NextIn four ways for the mindfulness: {with the state of mind,} to the mindful
state of mind, to the state of silence as mindful, to the state of calm for the
mindfulness, toWith the state of silence as a mindful; to the Buddhist
remembrance, to the French remembrance, to the monk remembrance, to the
remembrance of the memorial, to the memorial of the alms, to the day of mind;
To the mind of the mind, to the death of the mind, to the mind of the mind, to
the mind of silence as the mind; all the words, with the memorial... (medium)
mindfulness, thought of the branch, no fork road, this is known as reading.
With, fully having, arriving, fully arriving, full, fully sufficient, with this
concept, he is called mindful. “Bichu”, seven methods of destruction state for
Bichu: has been destroyed, suspected to be destroyed, forbidden to be
destroyed, corrupt, destroyed, sabotage, sabotage, slow to be destroyed, those
evil bad law is destroyed: Shun The polluted, again, the fear, the bitter, the
future will live and die.

[Worldworld: “Color Forced Asia!”] [Sn.3.6, 519]

“By the way of his own practice, to the nirvana, beyond the skeptics,

And after having left nothing and nothing, he is Pichu who is done, and he who
is extinct.

“Bichu should march mindfully”: “Bichu should march mindfully, should walk
mindfully, should be mindfully standing, should sit mindfully, should lie down,
should be mindfully forward, should be mindfully Back, should mindfully
foresight, should be mindfully observed, should be mindfully bended, should be
mindfully straightened, should be mindfully holding coats, bowls, clothes,
should be mindfully line, live, act, turn, guardian, make Survive, make
survival.” For the Picchu should be mindfully parade.

Because then, Worldman said:

“Should not be greedy in desire, the mind should not be cloudy,

It is a good man of all the law, and Bichu should marshal.”

At the end of the Ode, those who live with the same will, the same effort, the
same intent, the same dwelling as Brahmen, the eyes of thousands of biological
dusts and fouling are born: “Any collection is the law of extinction.” The
heart of Brahmen freed from the troubles by not being acted upon. Along with
reaching the realm of Alrohan, sheepskin, knot, bark coats, sticks, long
salites, hair and beard are disappeared, become bald heads, cassock clothes,
coats, bowls, clothes, as their meaning behavior Gassho salute worldship, sit
down: “Daedeu Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”

The instructions asked by Ayddo student Brahmen first [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. to read protection, to Hui (see the endless bitterness from me) close all
the current.

2. knowledge (Ni.21,30) (four colorless) color was destroyed.

3. the law of the cognitive in the desire is not greedy, mind, not cloudy
(Tibetan saving and deceit...).

10/17/2020 14:50

