5. Explanations asked by the Brahmin from the Dudagar student
    30. [Venerable Dago like this:] Lord, I ask you, please tell me this, Daxian! I look forward to your words,
       After hearing what you said, you should learn for your own Nirvana.
"Master, let me ask you, please tell me this.": ""I ask", there are three kinds of queries: the query of the explanation of the unseen, the query of the confluence of the seen, the query of the severance of doubt... (omitted) this There are three kinds of inquiries... (slightly) the inquiry of Nirvana. "I ask you": I ask you; I beg you; I beg you; you make me clear; "Please tell me," ask you for me. "World Honored One" , This is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is "World Honored." "Please tell me this", please tell me, please explain, please teach, please inform, please Establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain." For the world, I ask you, please tell me this.
"[Venerable people like this are Da Ge]": "'Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (abbreviated) "Venerable", this is a language of love, respect, respect, and obedience. It is "Venerable ". "Du Da Ge", the Brahmin's name, name, title, Anli, common name, name, naming, appellation, words, phrases, address." It is [Like this Venerable Du Da Ge].
"Daxian! I look forward to your words": "Your words, ways of speaking, teaching, teaching, admonition, I expect, I expect, I want, I use, I want, I hope, I pray. "Daxian" , Why is the Blessed One a Great Immortal? "The seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the Great Ring Aggregate" is the Great Immortal... (Omitted) "Where is the Bull King among the People?" is the Great Immortal." The Great Immortal! I look forward to your words.
     "After hearing your words": "Your speech, language, teachings, teachings, admonitions after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, after understanding, after discriminating." After hearing your words.
"You should learn for your own Nirvana": "There are three kinds of learning: increasing precept learning, increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning... (abbreviated) This is increasing wisdom learning. "For your own Nirvana" and for your own greed Nirvana, anger, ignorance, anger, resentment... (slightly omitted) The calm, silence, calm, extinguishment, cessation, and cessation of all unwholesome practices should learn to increase precepts and learn. To increase mind learning, you should also learn to increase wisdom learning. These three learnings should be learned when facing (noting); learning when knowing; learning when seeing; learning when introspecting; and being careful to establish (decision) You should learn when you are in time; you should learn when you win with faith; you should learn when you work hard; you should learn when mindfulness arises; you should learn when mindfulness (focus); you should learn when you learn with wisdom; We should learn when we are proved; we should learn when we should be omniscience; we should learn when we should be renounced; we should learn when we should practice; we should learn when we should be practiced as evidence; Learning [Ps.1,41.], should be practiced, should be practiced well, and should be turned after being held up.” It is because you should learn for your own Nirvana.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable Dago like this:] Lord, I ask you, please tell me this, Daxian! I look forward to your words,
       After hearing what you said, you should learn for your own Nirvana. "
    31. [World Zun: "Dadage!"] If that is the case, please be enthusiastic, right here wise and thoughtful,
       After hearing the words from here, he should learn for his own Nirvana.
"If that's the case, please be enthusiastic": "Please be enthusiastic; please be brave; please be zealous; please be fortitude; please be firm; please be vigorous, and I would like to ask you to make it happen; please Make it produce; please make it arise; please make it fully produced; please make it arise; please make it arise." Please be zealous if that happens.
"Dudag", "The Blessed One calls the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", which is a synonymous with respect... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testifies, that is, the Blessed One." is [World Zun: "Dug! "]
"Here is the wise and thoughtful": ""Here", belongs to this view; belongs to this liking; belongs to this hobby; in this attachment; in this law; in this law; in this law ; In this teaching language (teaching); in this brahma; in the teachings of this master; in this individual; in this human world. "wise", wise, wise, The wise, the enlightened, the wise, the discriminating, the wise. "The mindful", "the mindful in four ways: when practicingXi is mindful when he is mindful and mindful... (omitted) he is called mindful. 』」For the wise and thoughtful right here.
     "After hearing the words from here": "From here my words, language, teachings, instructions, admonitions, after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, after understanding, after distinguishing." After hearing the words from here.
"You should learn for your own Nirvana": ""Learning", there are three kinds of learning: increasing precept learning, increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning... (Omitted) This is increasing wisdom learning. "For own nirvana" , For the sake of one's greedy Nirvana, angered Nirvana, ignorant Nirvana, angry Nirvana, resentment Nirvana... (omitted) All unwholesome actions are calm, quiet, calm, extinguished, cut off, and ceased, so we should learn to add precepts. , We should also learn to increase mind and wisdom. These three studies should be studied when they are directed towards (noting); when they are known, they should be learned... (Omitted) when they should be used as testimony, they should be learned , Should be practiced, should be practiced well, and should be turned after being held up." It is because we should learn for our own Nirvana.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Du Da Ge!"] If that is the case, please be enthusiastic, right here wise and thoughtful,
       After hearing the words from here, he should learn for his own Nirvana. "
     32. I saw that in the world of heaven and man, there are no Brahman actors,
       I respect you, you are all eyes, Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubts.
     "I saw in the world of heaven and man": "Heaven", there are three kinds of heaven: secular heaven, reborn heaven, and pure heaven. What is secular heaven? Kings and princes and queens are called secular heavens, and these are called secular heavens. What is the rebirth? The Four Kings, Thirty-Three Heavens, Ye Motian, Tusita Heaven, Hua Le Tian, He Hua Zi Tian, Brahma All Heavens, and all the heavens above that are called Rebirth Heavens, and these are called Rebirth Heavens. What is Qingtian? [Tathagata,] The troubles of the Tathagata disciples have been exhausted. Arahants and Fanzhu Pichi Buddhas are called pure pure heavens, and these are called pure pure heavens. The Blessed One is the heaven of the secular and the departed heaven, the heaven of the pure heaven, the victorious heaven, the heaven of the heaven, the lion among the lions, the dragon among the dragons, the lord among the lords, the muni among the lords, the king among the kings. "I see in the sky and in the world of man": "In the world of man I see the sky; I see the superior sky; I see the sky in the sky, I see, I watch, I meditate, I observe." In the world of heaven and man.
"Brahman activist without possessions": ""Nothingness", greed of nothingness, hatred of nothingness, ignorance and nothingness, slowness and nothingness, seeing nothingness, pollution and nothingness, evil deeds and nothingness, whatever those who treat the Buddha and the world It has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and immortal for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is called no owner. "Brahman", the Blessed One is the Seven Dharma The excluded state is Brahman: seeing is excluded, suspicion is excluded, abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded, ignorance is excluded, slow is excluded, and those evil and unwholesome laws are excluded: those that are polluted, there are again. People who are fearful, who suffer the consequences, and will die in the future.
    [World Zun: 『Sexy! 』][Sn.3.6, 524 verses]
    『After all evil is eliminated, the state where the decontaminated good enters the concentration standing,
       He transcends samsara and becomes a Consummation. Those who are not dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. 』
    『Actor』, walker[, walker], dweller, actor, turner, guardian, survivor, and survivor. "Is a Brahmin activist who has nothing.
"I respect you, you are all eyes": ""You", he said the world-honored. "I respect", I respect with my body, or I respect with words, or I respect with my heart, or I Respect in its meaning, or I follow the law to respect, respect, respect, respect, respect [, respect]. "All eyes are", all eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom. The Blessed One arrives (have), The state intelligence of fully reaching (having), entering, fully entering, having enough, having all the knowledge.
    『For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there are still unknowable, unknowable things,
       He proves that everything that exists should be led to infer, because the Tathagata is like that for all eyes. "" [Ps.1, paragraph 121]
     Respect you for me, you are all eyes.
     "Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubts": "Sakyamuni", "Sakyamuni is a monk from the house of Sakyamuni." It is Sakyamuni. Or, "the rich, the rich, the rich." It is also Shakya. For him there are these wealth, namely: trusting wealth, abstaining from wealth, ashamed of wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing about wealth, givingGive wealth, wisdom wealth, mindfulness of wealth, righteous wealth, divine wealth, root wealth, strength wealth, enlightenment wealth, Tao wealth, fruit wealth, Nirvana wealth, and use these various treasures as the rich, the rich, and the rich. Or, "Those who are possible, those who are able, those who flow out all kinds of things, those who are sufficient, those who are heroes, those who are brave, those who are brave, those who are not timid, those who are not frightened, those who are not frightened, those who do not run away, those who have given up fear of fear, those who have left their bodies The erector." Also Sakyamuni. Doubts are called doubts: doubt on suffering, suspicion on suffering, suspicion on suffering, suspicion on the path leading to suffering, suspicion on the front, doubt on the back, Suspicion in the context of the context, the suspicion in the specific conditional condition, such doubts, doubts, doubtful states, confusion, hesitation, doubts, crossroads (doubts), doubts, inconsistent grasping, doubts , Hesitating, incomplete understanding, stiff state, confusion of mind. "Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubt": "Please free me; please free me; please free me; please free me; please pull me out; please pull me out completely; I stabbed an arrow out of doubt." For Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubts.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "I saw that in the world of heaven and man, there are no Brahman actors,
       I respect you, you are all eyes, Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubts. "
     33. I will not be able to be liberated: Dudag! Anyone who doubts in the world,
       When it comes to knowing the best way, then you will get through this storm.
"I will not be able to liberate": "You, I will not be able to release, liberate, make liberated, make liberated, pull out, pull out completely, make ascend, make full ascend in doubtful arrow state." This way I will not be able to liberate . Or, "I don’t work hard on the unbelievers, on the unwilling, on the slack, on the inferior vitality, on the inactive; I don’t try my best; I don’t try my best; I don’t work hard; I don’t do Courageous; I don’t make enthusiasm; I don’t make fortitude; I don’t make determination; I don’t make vitality, I intend that I don’t make it produce; I don’t make it produce [; I don’t make it appear; I don’t make it fully produced]; I don’t make it It arises; I don’t make it give birth to the teachings of the Dharma.” This is also incapable of liberation. Or, "You don’t have any other liberators. If they can be liberated, use their own power (fortitude), with their own energy, with their own energy, with their own efforts (brave), with their own power, With their own human power, with their own human vitality, with their own efforts, with their own correct way of doing, following the way of going, non-opposite way, the way of following the law, and the way of doing the law, they can Freedom." This is also the way I will not be free.
This was said by the Blessed One: "Chunta! "I am the one who has fallen into the quagmire and will pull out the other people who have fallen into the quagmire." This is impossible. Chunta! "I am an unregulated, untrained, non-nibbana one. I will make others tune, train, and nirvana." This is impossible. [MN.8]" This is also incapable of liberating me.
     This is said by the World Honored: [Dph.12,165偈]
     "I have done evil, I become pollution,
       I do not do evil, I become pure,
       Purity and impurity are separate, not one can make the other pure. "
     This is also for liberation I will not be able to.
This was also said by the Blessed One: "Similarly, Brahmin! Nirvana stays and stands, which leads to the way of Nirvana stays and stands. My persuasion stays. However, when my disciples are taught and taught in this way, some of them have reached the ultimate end Nirvana, certain ones will not arrive, Brahmin! What can I do here? Brahmin! Tathagata is the waypointer. [MN.107] Buddha only tells (guides) the way, and they can be liberated when they practice it by themselves." Also for liberation I will not be able to.
"Dugh! Any doubter in the world": "A doubter, a person who has doubts, confusion, doubts, and hesitation. "Any (person)", any Kshatriya, or Brahman, or Vaisha, or Sudra, or layman, or monk, or heaven, or person. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (in the world) in the world. "It's Dudag! Any doubter in the world.
"When knowing the most triumphant Dharma": "The highest Dharma is called immortality, nibbana, which is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed, extinguishment, and nibbana. "Supreme (的)』, the first, the most victorious, the extraordinary, the first, the most, the most advanced method, when knowing, distinguishing, knowing, through." When knowing the most winning method.
     "This way you will get through this storm": "Such a storm of desire, some storm, the storm of seeing, the ignorantYou can get through, you can surpass, you can pass, you can pass, you can overcome the storm. "For this you will get through this storm.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "I will not be able to liberate me: Dudag! Anyone who doubts in the world,
       When it comes to knowing the best way, then you will get through this storm. "
    34. Brahman! The compassionate person asks you to teach me, I can know how to stay away from the law,
       I am like the harmless person in the void, here I can walk silently and unstoppable.
"Brahmin! Please teach the commandment for the compassionate": ""Brahmin! Please teach the commandment; Brahman! Please help; Brahman! Please be merciful." Brahman! Please teach the commandment. "The compassionate person", The compassionate, the sympathizer, the protector, the funder, the compassionate." For the Brahmin! The compassionate person asks you to teach.
"I can get away from the Dhamma that I can know": "Away from the Dhamma is called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nirvana. "I can Knowing", I can know, know, dissociate, know for sure, understand, prove, reach, and testify." For I can know, stay away from the Dhamma.
"I am like the innocent person of the void": "If the void is not stuck, not captured, not tied, not tied to the world, then it is the one who is not stuck, not captured, and not tied , The one who is not bound by all over." This is like a person who has no evil in the void. "If the emptiness is not dyed with carmine, or golden yellow, or indigo, or deep red [color], then the one who is not dyed, the one who is not angry, the one who does not change foolishly, and the one who does not pollute." This is also like the emptiness of the emptiness. The victim. "If the void does not get angry, is not abusive, does not resist, and is not attacked, this is the one who is not angry, the one who is not abusive, the one who does not resist, the one who is not attacked, and the one who does not fight back." This is also like the absence of the void By.
"Just here you can walk silently and unrestrainedly": ""Just here silently", "when you are here; when you are here; when you are sitting here; when you are sitting on this seat ; It’s when sitting down among the crowd.” This is just here silently. Or, “Just here is silent, silent, calm, cooled, stopped.” This is also here silent There are two kinds of dependence in the "non-resistance ground": the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing... (Omitted) This is the dependence of craving... (Omitted) This is the dependence of seeing... Thirsty After the dependence of love has been cut off, and the dependence of seeing has been cut off, it becomes the non-dependant of the eyes, the non-reliant of the ear, the non-reliant of the nose, the non-reliant of the tongue, and the non-reliant of the body, Those who do not depend on the mind, the colors... the sounds... the smells... the tastes... the touches... the dharmas... the family... the group (the crowd)... the residence... the benefit... the reputation... the praise ...Les...Clothes...Food...Dwelling...The patient's needs and medical necessities...The Desire Realm...The Color Realm...The Colorless Realm...The Desire to Be...The Colorless To...Want to Have... ...There is no desire to exist...there is no desire to exist...the one aggregate has...the four aggregates have...the five aggregates have...the past...the future...now...is what you see, hear, feel, and can be known Those who do not adhere to, those who do not adhere to, those who do not fall into, those who do not adhere to, those who do not turn their minds toward (victory). Those who have left, have given up, have been freed, have been separated from the bondage, he is separated The heart of limitation [to live]. "Can do", can do, can live, can act, can turn [, can guard], can survive, can survive." Because it is here to be able to quietly, not rely on Ground line.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "Brahmin! Those who are compassionate, please teach me, I can learn to stay away from Dhamma,
       I am like the harmless person in the void, here I can walk silently and unstoppable. "
    35. [World Zun: "Dadage!"] I will tell you the silence, in life rather than hearsay,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world.
"I will talk about the silence for you": "The stillness of greed, the stillness of aversion, the stillness of ignorance, the stillness of anger, the resentful... (omitted) the evil... the bossy... the jealous... the stingy... Fake...cunning...stubborn...passionate...slow...extremely slow...slow...slow...all polluting...all evil...all irritating ...All the anxious...all the annoyed...all the unwholesomely created silence, silence, silence, silence, cessation I will tell, I will announce, I will say, I will explain, I will teach, I Will tell, I will build, I will uncover, I will parse, I will clarify, I will explain." Silence will be told for you for me.
     "[World Zun: "Du Da Ge!"] ": ""Du Da Ge", the World Venerable calls the woman by her nameRoman. "World Zun", this is a synonym for respect... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, namely World Zun. "Is [World Zun: "Du Da Ge!"]
"In the current life and not in the hearsay": ""In the current life", "in the seen (in the current life); in the known; in the measured; in the made clear Top: "All actions are impermanent"... (abbreviated) "Any concentration of Dharma is an end to Dharma" means in the Dharma that is seen (in the current life); in the Dharma that is known; in the Dharma that is measured; In the clarification of the law, this is what [I will tell] is alive. Or, I will tell you about the suffering of being seen; I will tell you about the collection of being seen; I will tell you the way of being seen; I will tell you about being The extinction of seeing is the extinction of [I will tell] in life. Or, [in the life as] "directly visible, instant, inviting you to meet, guiding, and wise men should experience it by themselves." This is also [I will tell] in the life. 』For being alive. "Not anecdotal", not anecdotal, not from rumors, not from inheritance, not from Scripture, not from logical inference, not from reasoning, not because of theoretical reflection, not because of an opinion received after reflection, but by oneself The method of knowledge and self-evidence, I will talk about that. "It's alive and not rumored.
"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing": "After knowing, weighing, judging, separating, clarifying: "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, weighing, judging, separating, After clarification; "All actions are suffering"... "All Dharma is without self" After knowing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying... (omitted) "Any collection of methods is an extinction "After knowing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Conscientious" is conscientious in four ways: when practicing mindfulness in the body, it is conscientious... (Omitted) He is called mindful. "Walker" means when walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, sustaining, and sustaining." It is the practitioner who knows the mindfulness.
     "Able to live through love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean to be loving? ...... (Omitted) The enlarged attachment" is love. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (in the middle of the world). "Able to survive the love in the world": "The love in the world, or the love in the world [Ni.1], he can pass through, surpass, pass, pass, and overcome thoughtfully. "For the love in the world to survive.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Dadage!"] I will tell you the silence, which is in life and not rumor,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world. "
     36. I am so happy with that, Daxian! The highest silence,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world.
"I love that": ""That", your words, language, teaching, teaching, admonition. "I rejoice", I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I can use [, I beg], I hope, I hope, I pray." I am so happy for that.
"The Great Immortal! The Supreme Silence": ""The Great Immortal", why the Blessed One is the Great Immortal? "The seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the Great Ring Aggregate" is the Great Immortal; "The Great Definite Aggregate... Where?" is the great immortal. "The supreme silence", silence is called immortality, nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and nirvana.的)』, the first, the most victorious, the victorious, the first, the most, the top, the top." For Daxian! The highest silence.
"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing": "After knowing... (omitted) "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying; "All actions are suffering "..." "All Dharma is non-self"... (omitted) "Any collection of Dharma is extinct" After knowing, weighing, judging, separating, and clarifying. There are four ways to be mindful: when you practice mindfulness in your body, you are mindful... (omitted) he is called mindful. "Walker", when walking... (omitted) ." For those who know the thoughts behind.
     "Able to live through the love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean to be loving? "... (omitted) The enlarged attachment" is love. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (in the middle of the world). "Can survive the love in the world": "In the world that he loves, or in the world that he should love, he can spend thoughtfully, can transcend... (omitted) can overcome." To be able to survive the world In love.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "I like that so much, Daxian! The most silent,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world. "
     37. [World Zun: "Dago!"] Anything you know rightly, in the upper, lower and middle four directions,
       After knowing that this is the "dyeing" in the world, you should not be thirsty in all kinds of existence.
     "Anything you know rightly": "Anything you know rightly, what you understand [, what you know], what you know for sure, what you understand." For anything you know rightly. ""Dudag", the Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name. "World Zun", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the Blessed One." is [World Zun: "Dudag! "].
"In the upper, lower, and middle four directions": ""Up" is the future, "Down" is the past, "Middle Four" is the present; "Up" is the heavenly world, "Down" is the hell world, "Middle Four" It is the world of human beings. Or, "Up" is good Dharma, "Down" is unwholesome Dhamma, "Middle Quartet" is non-marked Dharma; "Up" is the colorless realm, "Down" is the desire realm, and "Middle Quartet" is the physical realm ; "Up" means happy feeling, "Down" means suffering, "Middle Quartet" means not suffering or not happy; "Up" means above the sole of the foot, "Down" means below the hair, and "Middle Quartet" means in the middle. "It is the four directions above, below, and in the middle.
"Knowing that this is the "dyeing" in the world": "This is dyeing, this is adhesion, this is binding, this is obstacle." After knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, After knowing it." After knowing that this is the "stained" in the world.
"Don't thirst in all kinds of existence": ""Thirst for love", the thirst for sex, the thirst for sound... (in the middle) the thirst for Dharma. "In all kinds of existence", all kinds of existence in karma In the middle, in the desire to be there again; in the desire to have, in the physical existence; in the physical existence, in the colorless existence; in the colorless existence, in the colorless existence, There is again and again; in repeated interest, in rebirth, in rebirth, and in individual birth. Don’t be thirsty, don’t arouse craving, don’t produce craving, You don’t want to thirst, you don’t give birth to thirst, please give up, please drive away, please make the end, please make it go to non-existence.” For you, don’t make craving for all kinds of things.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Dadage!"] Anything you know rightly above, below, and in the middle,
       After knowing that this is the "dyeing" in the world, you should not be thirsty in all kinds of existence. "
     At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
     The fifth explanation asked by the Brahmin of the Dudag student [completed].


Summary:
  1. Rely on one's own efforts (being enthusiasm = bravery, enthusiasm, fortitude, determination, vitality, desire) to liberate instead of the Blessed One (the Blessed One is the one who guides the way and cannot make liberation).
  2. Know that after dyeing, don't be thirsty for all kinds of things ⇒ can spend love in the world.
  10/17/2020 16:10
