8. Explanations asked by the Brahmin of the Black Margaret student
    53. [Venerable Black Margaret like this:] Whatever they told me before, before Gautam’s teaching,
       like this that was, like this, that will be, that is all rumors,
       That's all an increase in theory, I didn't have much joy there.
"What they told me before": "Fan Bawali Brahman and all other his Asari, they explain, explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify, explain those own views, their own favorites, My hobbies, my own opinions, my own intentions, my own intentions.” As Fan told me before.
"[Like this Venerable Black Marge]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (slightly omitted) This is the order of the sentence, "Like this". "Venerable", "This is a love language... (Omitted in the middle). "Black Marge", the name of the Brahman's name...(Omitted in the middle)." is [Venerable Ayiduo like this].
"Before the teachings of Gautam": "Before the teachings of Gautam, on the other side of the teachings of Gautam, before the teachings of Gautam; before the teachings of Gautam, the Buddha's The precepts, the precepts of the victors, the precepts of the Tathagata, the first precepts of the Arahants." It is before the precepts of Gautam.
     "Like this and that was, like this and that will be": "Legend that it was like this, and that it will be like this." It was like this that that was, like this that it will be.
"It's all rumors": "It's all rumors, rumors, inheritance, the teachings of the scriptures, logical inferences, reasoning, thoughts about theories, opinions accepted after meditation, and they tell that they are not personally proven by themselves, not themselves The proven method." Because that is all rumors.
"That is all the increase in theory": "It is all the increase in theory, the increase in seeking, the increase in thinking, the increase in desire, the increase in malicious seeking, the increase in persecution, the increase in seeking The increase in the search for the land, the increase in the search for the land, the increase in the search for death, the increase in the search related to sympathy with others, the increase in the search related to the benefit of respect and reputation, and the increase in the search related to not being scorned." Because that's all a theoretical increase.
     "I didn't have great joy there": "I didn't have great joy there, didn't get it, didn't prove it, didn't get it." Because I didn't have great joy there.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable Black Margaret like this:] Whatever they told me before, before Qiao Damo’s teaching
       like this that was, like this, that will be, that is all rumors,
       That's all an increase in theory, I didn't have much joy there. "
    54. Please declare for me: Destruction of craving, Muni!
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world.
"Please proclaim for me": ""You", he said the Blessed One. "Proclaim", "Dharma", the beginning is good, the middle is good, the end is good; the meaning is correct, the phrase is correct; only Consummation, All the pure Brahma: four mindfulness, four righteousness, four divine feet, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment factors, eight holy paths, nibbana and the path leading to nibbana, please declare, please explain, please You teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please parse, please clarify, please explain." To ask you to declare for me.
"The destruction of thirst, Muni": "The thirst of "thirst for love"... (nearly) the thirst of Dhamma. "Destruction of thirst", the cessation of thirst, the cessation of thirst, and the thirst for thirst The cessation of desire, the cessation of craving, immortality, and Nirvana. "Muni", Mou is called wisdom... (Observed) He is Mou Ni after being dyed with the net. "For the destruction of craving, Mu Ni!
"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing": "After knowing, weighing, judging, separating, clarifying: "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, weighing, judging, separating, After figuring it out; "All actions are suffering"... (omitted) "All Dharma is without self"... (Omitted) "Any collection of Dharma is an extinction" After being known, measured, judged, and separated After figuring it out. The "mindful" means being conscientious in four ways: when practicing mindfulness and mindfulness in the body... (omitted) he is called mindful. "Walker" , When walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding, making existence, making existence." For those who know the thoughts afterwards.
     "Able to live through love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean to be loving? ...... (Omitted) The enlarged attachment" is love. "In the world", in the world of suffering, in the world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the world of aggregates, in the world of realms, and in the world of being. "I can live through the love in the world": "In the world that he loves, or in the world that he should love [Ni.1], he can pass through, transcend, pass, pass, overcome, and overcome thoughtfully. "For the love in the world to survive.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "Please declare for me: Destruction of craving, Muni!
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world. "
    55. Here in what you see, hear, feel, and know, in terms of cuteness, Black Margot!
      The drive away from desire and greed is the state of Nirvana and immortality.
"Here is what you see, what you hear, what you feel, what you know": ""What you see" is seen by the eyes. "What you hear" is heard by your ears. "What you feel" is smelled by your nose, tasted by your tongue, and Physical contact. "Knowledge", known by consciousness." It is here in what you see, hear, feel, and know.
"In terms of cuteness, Black Margaret": "What is the cute and desirable appearance in the world? Eyes are cute and desirable in the world; ears are in the world... (slightly) Nose is in the world... Tongue is in the world In...the body is in the world...the meaning is the cute and desirable in the world; the color is the cute and desirable in the world; the sound is in the world...the smell is in the world...the taste is in the world...the touch is In the world... the dharmas are the cute and agreeable in the world; the eye-consciousness is the cute and agreeable in the world; the ear-sense is the cute and agreeable in the world; the nose-consciousness is in the world... the tongue-consciousness is in the world... Body consciousness is in the world... Consciousness is the cute and desirable in the world; eye touch is the cute and desirable in the world; ear touch is in the world... Nose touch is in the world... Tongue touch is in the world... Body Touch is in the world... Mind touch is cute and agreeable in the world; Eye touch is cute and agreeable in the world; Ear touch is born and received... Nasal touch is born and received... Tongue touch is born and felt ...Being born and felt by body touch...being born and felt by mind is cute and agreeable in the world; desire is in the world...sound is in the world...the smell is in the world...the taste is in the world... ...The thoughts that touch are in the world...the thoughts of the dharma are the lovely and desirable looks in the world; the thoughts of color are the thoughts of the world...the thoughts of the sound are the worlds...the thoughts of smell are the worlds...the thoughts of taste are the worlds...touched Thinking is in the world... Dharma thinking is the cute and desirable appearance in the world; the craving for color is the world... The craving for sound is the world... The craving for smell is the world... The craving for taste is the world Middle... The thirst for touch is the world... The thirsty for Dharma is the cute and agreeable look in the world; the look of the world is the world... The sound is the world... The smell is the world... The taste is In the world... what you touch is the world... Dharma is the cute and agreeable in the world; the lust is the cute and agreeable in the world; the sound is in the world... the smell is in the world... the taste is in the world It's in the world... what is touched is in the world... Dharma is a cute and agreeable appearance in the world." In terms of cuteness, Black Maggot!
"Expulsion of desire and greed": "Desire, greed", that is the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the thirst of desire, the love of desire, the enthusiasm of desire, and the obsession of desire , Desire taking, Desire's storm, Desire's yoke (binding), Desire's clinging, Desire's will cover. "The drive away from desire and greed": "The cessation of desire and greed; the calm down of desire and greed; the cessation of desire and greed; the cessation of desire and greed; immortality and nirvana." It is the drive away of desire and greed.
"The realm of Nirvana, immortality": "The realm of Nirvana (foot/footprint/path/sentence) is the realm of rescue, refuge, refuge, and no terror. "Immortality", always, Firm, eternal, and unchanging." It is the state of Nirvana, immortality.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Here is what you see, hear, feel, know, and be cute, Black Margot!
      The drive away from desire and greed is the state of Nirvana and immortality. "
    56. After knowing this, all those who have thoughts are those who see the Dharma and are completely cold.
       And they are always silent, passing the love in the world.
"After knowing this, all those who have mindfulness": ""This", immortality, nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and nirvana. "After", after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying; "All actions are suffering"... "All Dharma is no self"... (Omitted) "Any collection of Dharma is an extinction of Dharma" After knowing, understanding, weighing, judging, separating, and clarifying. "Who..." is an Arahant who has exhausted all his troubles.The "mindful person (of)" is thoughtful in four ways: when the practice is in mindfulness and mindfulness in the body... (omitted) he is called mindful. "In order to know this post-all thoughtful person.
"A person who sees the Dhamma, a person who is completely cool": ""The one who sees the Dhamma", the one who sees the Dhamma (the one who sees the Dhamma/current life), the one who knows the Dhamma, the one who measures the Dhamma, the judge of the Dhamma, the clearer of the Dhamma , The person who knows the law. The seer of the Dhamma of "All actions are impermanent"... (omitted) The seer of the Dhamma of "All actions are non-self"... The seer of the Dhamma of "Ignorance is the cause of action"... Any collection of Dharma is a seer, a knower of Dharma, a judge of Dharma, a judge of Dharma, a clearer of Dharma, and a clearer of Dharma. "Complete Cooler", the greedy person makes the cooling state the cooler; the angered person makes the cooling state the cooler; the foolish person makes the cooling state the extinguisher; the angry... (slightly) resentful... all unscrupulous people have been silent The state, the calmed state, the calmed state, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed state, and the cessated state are silent, silent, calmed, cooled, and stopped. "For those who see the Dharma, and who are completely cool.
"And they are always silent": ""Quiet", the greedy makes the state of silence and the cooling state... (slightly) aggression...silly...angry...hateful...(slightly omitted) ) The silent state, the calmed state, the calmed state, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed state, and the cessated state are silent, silent, calmed, and cooled. Stopped." It was silent. "They" are Arhats, those who have exhausted their troubles. "Always", always [;everything]; all the time; always; eternal time; always constant; continuously; uninterrupted; successively; the rise of water waves without intervals; the continuous accompanying and touching ; Before noon, afternoon, first night, midnight, and after night; settle in the dark moon, bright moon, rainy season, winter, summer; in youth, middle age, and old age. "Because they are always silent.
     "Living through the world of love": Love is called thirst, which is greed, greed... (omitted), the root of unwholesomeness. "Love": What is the meaning of love... (slightly) enlarged attachment" is love. "In the world": In the world in the world of suffering... (in the middle of the world). "Overcoming the love in the world": "The love in the world, or the love in the world [Ni.1], he has passed, has surpassed, has passed, has passed, has passed, has overcome. "For the love in the world.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After knowing this, all those who have thoughts are those who see the Dharma and are completely cold.
       And they are always silent, passing the love in the world. "
     At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
     The explanation asked by the Brahmin of the Black Margaret student is eighth [completed].


Summary:
  How to destroy craving? In what you see, hear, feel, and know, in cuteness, desire and greed are driven away, which is the state of Nirvana and immortality.
  10/21/2020 06:14
