10. Explanation asked by Ge Bo student Brahmin
    61. [Venerable Ge Bo like this:] For those who stand in the flow, when the great terror exposure is raised,
       To those tortured by aging and death, dear sir! Please tell me about the island,
       Please tell me about Zhoudao, according to which there will be no more follow-ups.
"To those standing in the flow": "The flow is called reincarnation: coming, going, coming and going, the fun of death, all kinds of death, rebirth, birth, disintegration, birth, aging, death. The beginning of reincarnation The point is not known [SN.15.1], and the end is not known. Just in the middle of samsara, sentient beings are abided by, stopped, stuck, entered, stained, and turned toward.
     How is the starting point of reincarnation unknown? "Only this kind of birth cycle revolves, and then does not revolve. "It's really not the case, this is the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such a hundred births revolved around, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such a thousand births revolved around, but did not revolve afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only these hundreds of thousands of births revolve around, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only these tens of thousands of births revolve around, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such tens of millions of births revolved around, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Thousands of births like this revolved around, but didn’t revolve afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such tens of thousands of births revolve around, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known.
    『Only like this one year, it turns around, and then it doesn’t turn around. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only this one-hundred-year cycle revolved, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only this millennium cycle started, and then it didn’t. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only this one hundred thousand years of rotation started, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "It's just that the tens of thousands of years have revolved around, and it will not revolve afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such a cycle of tens of millions of years revolves, and then does not revolve. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such a cycle of thousands of years revolves, and then it does not revolve. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "It's just that these tens of thousands of years have turned around, and then they won't. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known.
    『Only this kind of catastrophe revolved around, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only this kind of Hundred Tribulations revolved, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such a thousand tribulations revolved, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "It's just that the cycle of Hundred and Thousand Tribulations revolves, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only this kind of tens of thousands of calamities revolved around, but not afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "It's just that the tens of millions of calamities revolve around, and then they don’t. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "It's just that the tens of thousands of tribulations revolve around, and then they don’t. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation is not known. "It's just that the tens of thousands of tribulations have revolved around, and then they won't. "It's really not the case, this is also the starting point of reincarnation.
     This was said by the Lord: "Monks! Samsara has no beginning. The starting point of the circulation and reincarnation of the sentient beings covered by ignorance and craving is unknown. ...Bhikkhus! [You] have experienced hardship for so long, experienced heavy, experienced misfortune, and increased cemeteries, monks! At this point, it is enough to get bored with everything! Enough to leave dye! Enough for relief! [SN.15.1] "This is also the starting point of reincarnation.
     How is the end of reincarnation unknown? "Only this birth cycle will rotate, and thereafter it will not rotate. 』This is indeed not the case, this is the end of reincarnation is not known. "Only such a hundredOne birth...only such a thousand births...only such a hundred thousand births...only such a million births...only such a million births...only such a thousand births... Only such tens of thousands of births... Only such a year... Only such a hundred years... Only such a millennium wheel... Only such a hundred thousand years... Only such a thousand years... Only this Hundreds of thousands of years...only such thousands of years...only such hundreds of thousands of thousands of years...only such a catastrophe...only such a hundred calamities...only such a thousand calamities...only such a hundred Thousands of tribulations...only this kind of tens of thousands of tribulations...only this kind of tens of thousands of tribulations...only this kind of tens of thousands of tribulations...only this kind of tens of thousands of tribulations will revolve, and will not revolve afterwards. 』This is indeed not the case, this is also the end of reincarnation is not known. In this way, the starting point of samsara is not known, and the end of samsara is not known. Just in the middle of samsara, sentient beings are abided, stopped, stuck, entered, stained, and turned their hearts toward them. "For those who are standing in the flow.
"[Like this Venerable Ge Bo]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (abbreviated) "Venerable", this is a love language... (abbreviated) "Ge Bo", the name of the Brahman... …(Omitted) Title.” It is [Venerable Ge Bo like this].
"When the great horror exposure is arising": "When the exposure of desire, the exposure of some, the exposure of seeing, and the exposure of ignorance are arising, being produced, being born, being born, and being presented. The great horror”, the horror in life, the horror in the old, the horror in the sickness, and the horror in the death.” For when the great horror is exposed.
"For those who are tortured by aging and death": "For those who are contacted, tortured, combined, and possessed by aging; for those who are contacted, tortured, combined, and possessed by death; for those who are born followers, for those who are old and conquered by disease Those who are struck by death, those who have no shelter, those who have no refuge, those who have no refuge, those who have no refuge. "For those who are tortured by aging and death.
"Dear Sir! Please tell me about the island": "Please tell me, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain the island, Shelter, refuge, refuge, place of refuge, place of refuge. "Dear sir", this is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience for dear sir." For dear sir! Please tell me about the island.
"Please declare Zhoudao for me": ""You", he said Blessed One. "Proclaim Zhoudao", please declare, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover , Please explain, please clarify, please explain the island, the shelter, the refuge, the refuge, the place to go, and the place of refuge." Please declare the island for me.
"According to this, there will be no more subsequent": "According to this suffering is here, it can be eliminated, can be calmed down, can go to non-existence, can stop; the suffering of rebirth does not occur; in the world of desire , Or in the physical realm, or in the non-material realm, or in the desire to be, or in the physical being, or in the amorous being, or in the thought to be, or in the non-imaginary, or in the non-imaginary There is, or in the four aggregates, or in the five aggregates, or in the further interest, or in the rebirth, or in the incarnation, or in the existence, or in the reincarnation, or in the rotation. Make it arise, not make it arise, it is here that it can be destroyed, can be calmed down, can go to non-existence, can stop." For this, there will be no more to follow.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable Ge Bo like this:] For those who stand in the flow, when the great terror exposure arises,
       To those tortured by aging and death, dear sir! Please tell me about the island,
       Please tell me about Zhoudao, according to which there will be no more follow-ups. "
    62. [World Zun: "Ge Bo!"] To those standing in the flow, when the great terror exposure flow was raised,
       To those tortured by aging and death, Ge Bo! I will tell you about the island.
"To those standing in the flow": "The flow is called reincarnation: coming, going, coming and going, the fun of death, all kinds of death, rebirth, birth, disintegration, birth, aging, death. The beginning of reincarnation The point is not known [SN.15.1], and the end is not known. Just in the middle of samsara, sentient beings are abided by, stopped, stuck, entered, stained, and turned toward.
     How is the starting point of reincarnation unknown? ...... (Omitted) This is the starting point of reincarnation and is unknown. How is the end of reincarnation unknown? ...... (Omitted) This is the end of reincarnation. Just in the middle of samsara, sentient beings are abided, stopped, stuck, entered, stained, and turned their hearts toward them. "For those who are standing in the flow.
     "[World Zun: "Ge Bo!"]": """Ge Bo", the world-zun called the Brahman by his name. "World-zun", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anli (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the world-zun." is [世尊: "Ge wave!"]
"When the great horror exposure is arising": "When the exposure of desire, the exposure of some, the exposure of seeing, and the exposure of ignorance are arising, being produced, being born, being born, and being presented. The great horror”, the horror in life, the horror in the old, the horror in the sickness, and the horror in the death.” For when the great horror is exposed.
"To those tortured by aging and death": "To those who are exposed to, tortured, combined, and possessed by aging; to those who are contacted, tortured, combined, and possessed by death; to those who are born to follow, to who is to be accompanied, and to who is to be followed by old Those who are conquered by disease, those who are struck by death, those who have no shelter, those who have no refuge, those who have no refuge, and those who have no refuge. "For those who are tortured by aging and death.
"Ge Bo! I tell you about the island": "I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain the island, shelter, refuge, refuge, Where to go, where to go." For Ge Bo! I will tell you about the island.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Ge Bo!"] To those standing in the flow, when the great terror exposure is raised,
       To those tortured by aging and death, Ge Bo! I will tell you about the island. "
    63. Nothing, no clinging, this is an island without further,
       Like this, I say that it is Nirvana: the end of birth and aging.
"No possession, no clinging": ""Anything", greed is a thing; hatred is a thing; ignorance is a thing; slowness is a thing; seeing is a thing; pollution is a thing; evil is a thing "The renunciation of anything, the cessation of anything, the cessation of anything, the cessation of anything, immortality, Nibbana." is nothing. "Not clinging", clinging is called craving, that is greed , Greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. The renunciation of clinging, the cessation of clinging, the cessation of clinging, the cessation of clinging, immortality, nirvana." It means nothing, no Clinging.
"This is an island without further progress": "This is an island, a refuge, a refuge, a refuge, a place to go, a place of refuge. "No further," there is no other island on the other side. At that time, that island of this kind was the first, the best, the best, the top, the top, the top." This is a continent without further progress.
"Like this, I say that it is Nirvana": "Knitting is called craving, it is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. Weaving cut, weaving calm, weaving cut, weaving The cessation, immortality, and Nirvana. "Like this", the continuation of sentences; the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this". "I said", I say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain." To be like this I say that is Nirvana.
     "Birth and aging is exhausted": "Birth and aging are surrendered, calmed, stopped, stopped, immortal, and Nirvana." It is the exhausted of birth and aging.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Without possession, no clinging, this is an island without further progress,
       Like this, I say that it is Nirvana: the end of birth and aging. "
    64. After knowing this, all those who have thoughts are those who see the Dhamma and are completely cold.
       They do not follow the control of the demon, they are not the follower of the demon.
"After knowing this, all those who have mindfulness": ""This", immortality, Nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of thirst, greed, extinction, and nirvana. "After", after knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after judgment, after separation, after clarification. "All actions are impermanent"... (omitted) "Any collection of Dhamma is extinct" After knowing, after understanding , After weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Who..." is an Arahat, and one whose troubles have been exhausted. "Those who have thoughts" are thoughtful in four ways: when practicing is on the body When the mindfulness of the body is mindful... (omitted), he is called mindful." In order to know this posthumous mindful one.
"A person who sees the Dhamma, a person who is completely cool": ""The one who sees the Dhamma", the one who sees the Dhamma (the one who sees the Dhamma/current life), the one who knows the Dhamma, the one who measures the Dhamma, the one who judges the Dhamma, and the clearer One who understands the law. "Completely cooler", the greedy person makes the cooling state a cooler; anger... (omitted) the silent state, the calmed state, the calmed state, the extinguished state, and the cooled State, state left, ceasedThe state is silent, silent, calm, cooling, and halting. "For those who see the Dhamma and who are completely cool.
     "They don't follow the control of the devil": "The devil", that is the relative of the demon, the ruler of darkness, the one who has reached the limit, the demon, and the liberated. "They do not follow the control of the devil": "They do not turn under the control of the devil, nor do the devil make the control turn on them. The devil, the devil’s party, the devil’s fishing hook, the devil’s food, the devil’s The realm of the devil, the residence of the demon, the state of the demon, and the bond of the demon bind them to victory, defeat, overwhelm, end, crush, move, stay, act, turn, guard, survive, and survive." For them not follow. Yu Mo's control.
     "They are not the followers of the devil": "They will not be the servants, attendants, and servants of the devil, but they will be the servants, attendants, and servants of the Buddha, the Lord." Because they are not the followers of the devil.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After knowing this, all those who have thoughts are those who see the Dhamma and are completely cold.
       They do not follow the control of the demon, they are not the follower of the demon. "
     At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
     The tenth explanation asked by Ge Bo student Brahmin [Completed].


Summary:
  No possessions, no clinging, this is an island in the great terror exposure.
  10/18/2020 16:34
