Second product
 131. If you have a wise companion: the companion, the good dwellers, the wise,
 After defeating all distress, the mindners should walk with him with pleasure. [Dph.23,328]
 “If you receive a wise companion”: “If you receive, receive, obtain, have wise, wise, wise, wise, conscious, wise, separate, wise, wise, different, wise.” For if you get wise companions.
 “The peer, the good dwellers, the wise”: “The fellow”, alone. “Good dwellers”, the first Zen for the good, also the second Zen... also the third Zen... and also the fourth Zen as good dwellers, but also lodging the good ones with compassion... (middle) also with joy... ... also to calm relief for good dwellers, but also to empty boundless to wait for good dwellers, but also to know infinity to... (medium) also to have nothing to wait to... (medium) also want to wait for good And the dwellers of extinct for good, and to those who dwelt the fruit for good. The wise is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the feeling, the wise, the difference, the wise. For those who walk, the good dwellers, the wise.
 “After winning all distress”: “distress”, there are two kinds of distress: obvious distress and secret distress... (medium) these are called obvious distress... (medium) these are called secret distress... (Medium) This is also “inhabited there” for distress. “After winning all distress”: “In all distress he won, beat, overwhelm, end, crush.” To win after all distress.
 “The mindners should walk with him with pleasure”: ““The unconscious person shall be happy, satisfied, happy and happy with that wise, wise, wise, distinct, wise companion with wisdom, Rejoice, adore, walk with joy, live, act, turn, protect, keep alive, make survival.” As should be pleasing to line. “The minder”, the unconscious person is a minder, with the highest reading and smart, is a memory and recollector who did a long time ago and said a long time ago [SN.48.9].” For the mindfulness should delight with him.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “If you have a wise companion: the companion, the good dwellers, the wise,
 After defeating all distress, the mindners should walk with him with pleasure.”
 132. Without a wise companion: the companion, the good dwellers, the wise,
 If the king abandons national territory, he should be alone like a rhino horn. [Dph.23,329]
 “If there is not a wise companion”: “If he has not received, received, obtained, possessed of wise, wise, wise, wise, conscious, wise, separate, wise, wise, different, wise companion.” For if not to get wise companions.
 “The peer, the good dwellers, the wise”: “The fellow”, alone. “The good dwellers” take Zen as those who dwell in the good... (medium) also to destroy for good, and the dwellers who wait for good, and those who wait for good. The wise is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the feeling, the wise, the difference, the wise. For those who walk, the good dwellers, the wise.
 “If the king abandons the national territory”: “The king of Cha Dili, the victor, defeat the enemy, get the desire, the warehouse full, he will never leave the country, the land, the treasury, a lot of gold warehouses, after the city, Shaving the hair, wrapped in a coat, from home from home, into a non-home life, into the state of nothing alone, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, so that the unconscious person cut off After all obstacles at home, after cutting off the barriers of the child's wife, after cutting off the barriers of relatives, after cutting off the barriers of friends [, after cutting off storage barriers], shaving hair shaving, wrapped in a saddle, and from home, became non- After home life, start to become a state of nothing alone, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival.” In order to abandon national territory as the king, he should be alone like a rhino horn.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “If there is not a wise companion: the companion, the good dwellers, the wise,
 If the king abandons national territory, he should be alone like the horn of rhino.”
 133. We do praise the companions who have enough, who should be close to the same and unique companions,
 Do not get these without fault eaters, should like a rhino horn alone.
 “We do praise our companions”: “Indeed”, this is the decisive (always) language, no doubt, a word of confidence, no bis, no doubt, the word of instruction、No error words [, not fail words], this is the word of determination, is “true”. “Have enough companions”, where the companion is with no school abundance... no learning Huiyun... no learning escape... is a person with no learning relief is known as having enough companions. “We do praise our companions”: “We praise, praise, praise, praise our companions.” We really praise our companions.
 “They shall be close to the equal companions of the same victory”: “They take ring, set, wisdom, liberation, liberation, liberation of wisdom as their companions, equal companions with the same ring, definition, wisdom, relief, liberation. A winning companion or equivalent companion should be close, make (serve), worship, inquire, ask questions.” For equal companions who should be close to the win.
 “Do not get these without fault eaters”: “Someone is a fastless eater, someone is a fastless eater.” Who is a feeter of negligence? Here, a certain category of people is made by trickery, by talking, by hints, by sarcasm, in exchange for other good care, with wood cloth, bamboo cloth, leaf cloth, flower cloth, and bath cloth, To wash powder cloth, cloth made of clay, with toothcloth, wash water cloth, to flattering, to the mouth of the river, to greet, to the back slander (Sri Lanka version), to homestead, To Astrology, to [When] Envestiture, To [When] Sending, To [When] Running, To Medical, To New Work, Feed In Return, To Giving To The Giving Of The Giving Of The Giving Of The Giving Of The Giving By Unlawfully Unlawfully Obtained, After, after obtaining, after possession, after receiving a living, this is known as a man who has negligent eaters.
 And who is the feeter of negligence? Here, a certain category of people is not to trick, do not talk, do not imply, not to sarcastic, not in exchange for other good care, do not make wood cloth, do not make bamboo cloth, do not make leaves, not to flower cloth Substances, do not apply to bath cloth, do not wash powder cloth, do not make clay cloth, do not apply to toothcloth, do not wash cloth, do not flatter, do not open the mouth, not to the back slander (Sri Lanka Version), not to domestication, not to animal life, not to astrology, not to [when] envantment, not [when] send, not to [when] running errands, not medical [, not to new work], not in return He who feets, and does not give bread, after he has rightly obtained by law, after it has acquired, after obtaining it, after possession, and after receiving it. He is known as a man who has unlawfully acquired, acquired, acquired, after possession, after receiving, and after receiving it.
 “Do not get these after no fault eater”: “These no fault eaters he can not get after, do not acquire, do not obtain after, do not possess, do not receive,” in order to not get these after no fault eater, should be as Rhinoceros horns alone.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “We do praise the companions who have enough, and should be close to the same winning companions,
 Those who do not get these without fault, should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.”
 134. saw the glory of gold: by forging good completion,
 The two rubbed each other on their hands, and should be alone like a rhino horn.
 “After seeing the glory of gold”: “After seeing, after seeing, after measuring, judging, after each, after figure out. “Gold” (Suvaassāti) is gold (jātarūpassa). “Shining (Aurora Net)” is all over pure and clear.” After seeing the glory of gold.
 “Finished by forging”: forgings (forgmen) are called goldsmith. “Finished by forging”: “by the forgings, good work, good work meticulous.” To be done well by the forgings.
 “Two rubbing each other on the hands”: “The hand (bhujo) is called the hand (hattho). As in one hand two bracelets produce rubbing. In the same way, they create friction in Hell because of their thirst and for their seeing, in the beasts, in the world of hungry ghosts, they create friction in the world of men, in the world of heaven. They produce friction, fun and fun... past and past life... birth and birth... have and have... Reincarnation and reincarnation... flow and flow they produce friction, friction, friction each other, line, live, Action, turn, guard, make survival, make survival.” For the two to rub each other on their hands, they should be alone like a rhino horn.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “After seeing the glory of gold: the well done by the forgings,
 Two in the hands of each otherRubbing, should be alone like a rhino horn.”
 135. so if with my partner, there will be speech conversation or sticking,
 Watching the horror of the future should be like a rhino horn alone.
 “So if with my partner”: “A partner with thirsty love or a man's partner. How is the partner of thirsty love? “Thirsty love”, color thirst love... (medium) method thirst love. Whoever for him this thirsty love is not broken, the partner of thirsty love.
 “With thirsty love as a companion, a long time reincarnation,
 Become such a state, other state, do not go beyond reincarnation. [It.15/Sn.3.12,745]
 This is a partner of thirsty love.
 How is a man's partner? Here a class of people who have no interest, no reason for the cause of exoneration, no silence for one to become second, or third for two, or fourth for three. There are many dirty words, namely: talk about kings, thieves, ministers, army theory, fear, war, food theory, drink theory, clothes theory, wreath, smell theory, affinity theory, car Multiplication theory, village theory, town theory, urban theory, land theory, woman theory, [man,] heroism, street theory, water well theory, ancestry, species theory, world origin, ocean origin, if there are DN.1, para. 17]. This is a man's companion.” For this if with my partner.
 “There will be speech conversation or sticking”: “Word conversation is called thirty-two kinds of animal theory, i.e. kings... (medium) if there is no matter. There are two kinds of adhesion: [because of] love and [because] see adhesion... (medium) This is the adhesion of thirsty love... (medium) This is the adhesive of see.” To talk or stick with words.
 “Watching the horror of the future”: “Horror”, the horror of life, the horror of the old, the terror of the disease, the terror of the death, the terror of the king, the terror of the thieves, the terror of fire, the terror of water, the terror of self-rebuke, The horror of others rebuked, the horror of the stick, the horror of the wicked, the fear of the wave, the scary of the dragon, the fear of the vortex, the fear of the crocodile [AN.4.122], the terror of the livelihood, the horror of the The fear of fear in the group, intoxicated horror [, evil horror], the stiffness of terror, the erection of the hair, the fear of fear of the heart. “Watch the horror of the future”: “This future horror he watched, saw, watched, watched, watched, watched, watched.” To watch the horror of the future, you should be alone like a rhino horn.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “In this way, if with my partner, there will be words talking or sticking,
 Watching the horror of the future should be like a rhino horn alone.”
 136. all kinds of desires are indeed like honey, pleasing, in a variety of ways they confuse the heart,
 After seeing the disease on all sorts of desires, you should be alone like a rhino horn.
 “All sorts of desires are indeed as honey and pleasing”: “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires from praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of the pollution. . “Kinds”, varieties of color, sound of variety of tolerance colors, smell of variety of color, taste of variety of tolerance color, the touch of the variety of color, the desired, cute, desirable, cute, cute look, accompanied by 、Greedy. “As honey”, this is said by Worldman [MN.139]: The Picchu! There are five kinds of desires, which five? Can be known by the eye, the desired, cute, desirable, cute look, accompanying, greedy color, can be known by the ear... (medium) sound, can be known by the nose... the smell of the tongue... ... the taste can be known, wanted, cute, desirable, cute, cute look, accompanied by desire, greedy touch, Bichu! These are called five desires. Bichu! Where the five kinds of joy and joy to be born, Bichu! This is called joy, filthy, the joy of the general man, and the unholy music. I said, 'Should not be practiced, should not be practiced, should not be practiced, should not be practiced much, fear of such joy. '” For all sorts of desires is really like honey, pleasing. “meaning”: “all heart... (medium) corresponds to that consciousness. They make the delight, praise, satisfy, laugh.” For all sorts of desires is really like honey, pleasing.
 “In a variety of ways they confuse the heart”: “With a variety of colors... (medium) of the touch of a variety of tolerance colors, they make the heart confused, satisfied, laughter.” To confuse the heart in a variety of looks.
 “After seeing suffering on all sorts of desires”: this isWorldworld says [MN.13]: The Picchu! What is the oversuffering of desire? Bichu! Here, all good men to earn life with skills: whether by inspection, whether by accounting, regardless of calculation, whether by farming, whether by trade, whether by cattle, whether by Wang Chen, regardless of other skills, he faces the cold heat , and the contact with the fly mosquito wind sun snake and {contact} [victimization], because of hunger and thirst and death, Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the direct visible bitterness, and desire for cause and desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
 Bichu! If a good man is so aroused, hard, hard, hard and hard to get wealth, he sadness, fatigue, grief, and crying, come to confusion [and say]: 'My rise is empty, and my efforts are fruitless. ' Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the direct visible bitterness, and desire for cause and desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
 Bichu! If a good man is so aroused, hard, hard and hard to get wealth, he feels distressed and worried in order to protect those riches: “How will the king take away my wealth, nor the thieves will take away, nor will the fire burn out, Neither water will flow away, nor will the unadorable heirs take away? When he guarded and protected those wealth, or the king took away, or the thieves took away, or burned, or the water flowed away, or the unadorable successor took away, he grief... (middle) came to confusion [and said]: 'I have both “that's not there anymore.” Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the direct visible bitterness, and desire for cause and desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
 Besides, the Bichu! For cause, desire for cause, because of desire, desire is because, kings and kings theory, Chathalie and Chathlei theory, Brahman and Brahman theory, Owner and Owner Theory, Mother and Son, Son and Mother Theory, Father-Son Theory, Son and Father Theory [, Brother and Brotherhood], Brother and Sister Theory, Sisters and Brotherhood Theory, Friend and Friend Theory. As they quarrel, argue, argue, argue, argue, attack each other with fists, blocks, sticks, swords, where they suffer death, or suffering like death. Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the direct visible bitterness, and desire for cause and desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
 Besides, the Bichu! For cause, desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause, pick up the sword and shield, wearing a bow and arrow, the two sides into battle, in the arrow, spear fly, in the sword shining, where they are arrows, spears Throughout, beheaded by a sword, where they suffer death, or bitterness like death. Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the direct visible bitterness, and desire for cause and desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
 Besides, the Bichu! To cause, to cause, for cause, because of desire, desire is because, pick up the sword and shield, wear the bow and arrow, put into a slippery protection, in the arrow and spear fly, in the sword shining, where they are pierced by arrows and spears And they were overtaken by the dung of cattle, pressed by heavy objects, beheaded by a sword, where they suffered death, or as bitter as death. Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the direct visible bitterness, and desire for cause and desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
 Besides, the Bichu! For cause, desire for cause, desire for cause, for desire, desire is because they invade people, take prey, stop the road robbery, abduction his wife, and the king captures him, and punishes all sorts of punishments: whipping, beating with sticks, with canes Hit, cut off hands... (middle) cut their heads with a sword, where they suffer death, or as bitter as death. Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the direct visible bitterness, and desire for cause and desire for cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
 Besides, the Bichu! For cause and desire for cause, and for desire, desire is because of wicked deeds, wicked in words, and wicked with wicked deeds. He did evil deeds, and wicked in words, and after doing evil, and disintegration of the body, and after death went to bitter, evil, and to the lower bound, and Hell. Bichu! This is called the oversuffering of desire, and the bitterness of the Hereafter is for a cause and desire for a cause, because of desire, and desire is the cause.
 “After seeing the affliction in the kind of desire”: “After he saw, after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, after judgment, after each, after the separation, after he figured it out.” In order to see the disease on all kinds of desire, you should be alone like a rhino horn.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “All sorts of desires are indeed like honey, pleasing, and in a variety of ways they confuse the heart,
 After seeing the affliction in all sorts, you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.”
 137. This is my catastrophe and tumor and scourge, disease and stabbles and terror,
 Seeing this fear on all kinds of desiresAfter horror, it should be like a rhino horn alone.
 “This is my catastrophe and tumour and evil, disease and thorns and terror”: This is said by Worldman [AN.8.56]: “The Bichu! “Horror,” this is synonyms for desire; Picchu! “Bitter,” this is synonyms for desire; the Picchu! “Diseases,” this is synonyms for desire; Bichu! “Tumor,” this is synonyms for desire; Picchu! “Thorn”, this is synonyms for desire; the Picchu! “Dyed,” this is synonyms for desire; the Picchu! “Mud Marsh,” this is synonyms for desire; the Picchu! “Mother fetus,” which is synonyms for desire. Bichu! Why is “terror” synonyms for desire? Bichu! Because those who are infested by greed and bound by the desire of greed are not free from terror, and the future is not free from terror, therefore, “terror” is synonyms for desire. Bichu! Why is “bitter”... “disease”... “tumor”... “thorn arrow”... “dyed”... “mud swamp”... “mother fetus”, this is synonyms for desire? Bichu! For the life of those who are infected with greed and bound by greedy is not free from the mother's fetus, and the birth is not freed from the mother's fetus, therefore, this is a synonyms of desire.
 “Horror, bitterness, disease, tumors, thorns and dyes, mud swamp and mother's fetus,
 These are called desires, where the general people are committed.
 Get into the appropriate look, then go into the mother's fetus,
 When Picchu became zealous, unaware.
 He conquered this obstacle and the road like that.
 He observes the people of this fighters: have life and dead.
 For this is my catastrophe with tumors and scourges, diseases and thorns and horror.
 “After seeing this horror in all sorts of desires,” “after he saw, after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, judging, after each, after he figured it out.” In order to see this horror in all sorts of desires, you should be alone like a rhino horn.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “This is my catastrophe with tumors and scourges, diseases and thorns and terror,
 After seeing this horror in all sorts of desires, it should be like a rhino horn alone.”
 138. hot and cold thirst, as well as the wind wind fly fly,
 After enduring all this, you should be alone like a rhino horn.
 “Cold and hot and thirst”: “Cold” is cold for two reasons: cold due to internal agitation or cold due to external climate. “Heat” is hot for two reasons: heat due to internal agitation, or because of the outside climate. Hunger is called hunger. Thirst is called the desire for water.” For hot and cold hunger.
 “As well as to the wind wind fly snake”: “Wind”, East wind, west wind, north wind, south wind, wind with dirt, dust free wind, cold wind, hot wind, breeze, gale, rapid wind [SN.17.9], side winds, Goldwingbird wind, doro leaf wind, fan wind. The sun is called the torment of the sun (hot). The fly is called a fly. Snakes (creepers) are called snakes.” As well as to the wind sun fly snake.
 “After enduring it all”: “After he defeated, overwhelmed, after the end, after crushing.” In order to endure all this, you should be alone like a horn of rhino.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “Hot and cold hunger, as well as the wind of the sun fly snake,
 After enduring all this, you should be alone like a horn of rhino.”
 139. If the dragon elephant abandons herds: the torso is lotus, excellence,
 Live in the forest as you like and should be alone like a rhino horn.
 “Such as dragon elephant after abandoning herds”: dragon elephant is called dragon elephant (elephant), but also for the dragon For what reason is the solemn sense of dragon elephant? “Do not sin” is a dragon elephant; “do not go” is a dragon elephant; “not to come” How is the eloquent person “not to sin” as a dragon elephant? Crimes are called the law of evil: polluted, re-existing, fearful, bitter, future life and death.
 Do not commit any crime in the world, after leaving all bondages and bondages,
 Those who do not stick to everything and have been freed, like this are truly called dragon elephants.
 This is the eloquent person “not to sin” as a dragon elephant.
 How is the eloquent person “does not go” for the Dragon Elephant? That solemn sense should not go around; do not go around; do not go obsession should not go anywhere; do not go horror should not walk; not because of greed; do not go by obsession; not because of obsession; not because of slow And go; do not go because of the sight; not because of the fall; not for doubt; not to worry about potential trends and go; do not be quarrel (discord) net law carry away, take away, carry, carry, carry. This is the eloquent person “does not go” for the Dragon Elephant.
 How is the unconscious person “does not come”Dragon Elephant? Where to be cut off by the road of the pollution, those polluted he no longer experience, do not return, do not go back; by a way... (middle) is not to pay off... (medium) where the pollution is cut off by Arrohan Road, those polluted him No more experience, do not return, do not go back. This is the eloquent person “does not come” as dragon elephant.
 “Such as dragon like abandon the herd”: “such as the dragon elephant abandons, avoid, avoid the herd alone into the forest, after the wilderness, after the forest, live, move, turn, guardian, make survival, make survival, the solemn sense also give up, Avoid, avoid the masses after the exclusive use of forest, wilderness, borderland residence (sitting): less voice, quiet, away atmosphere, people alone, suitable for sitting alone; he [alone,] walk alone, alone Stand, sit alone, lying alone, alone in order to pouches into the village [, go alone], return alone, sit alone, alone, walk alone, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make Survive.” After abandoning herds as dragon elephant.
 “The torso is lotus, excellence”: “If the trunk of the dragon elephant has generated seven treasures or eight treasures, with no learning, with no learning, with no learning to escape, with no learning to escape, to no Learn to liberate wisdom has generated torso; such as the head of the lotus dragon elephant, the solemn sense of seven flowers for the lotus: to read the flowers of flowers, to choose the flowers of the flowers, with vitality to feel the flower, with joy The flower, to the flower of tranquility, to the flower of the vision, to the flower of peace. Such as the leader of power (fortitude), with strength, speed, courage as excellence, the unconsciousness is also to ring, to set, to Hui, to liberation, to liberation and wisdom as superior.” For the torso for the lotus, excellence.
 “Will live in the forest as they like”: “As the leader like to live in the forest, the solemnist also lives in the forest as if they like: with the first Zen as he likes to live in the forest; also the second Zen... (CIRO) also with the Third Zen... also to the fourth Zen as he likes to live in the forest; also with compassion to live in the forest; also with sorrow to relieve... also with joy... also with peace If they like to live in the forest; also to the void infinitely so as to live in the forest; also to know the infinity to wait until... and to have nothing to wait until... but also to extinguish ... and wait for fruit to live in the forest as it likes.” In order to live in the forest as you like, you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “Such as dragon elephant abandon the herd: the torso of lotus, excellence,
 Live in the forest as you like, and should be alone like a rhino horn.”
 140. That is impossible: anyone who is happy to meet can reach a temporary relief,
 After listening to the Sunman's language, you should be alone like a rhino horn.
 “That's not possible: those who are happy to meet can reach temporary relief”: “This is said by Worldman [MN.122]: Anan! Indeed, “Where happy to party, better than party, like party, specializing in clustering, better than clustering, happy in the group of bichu will be free from pleasure, solitude, quiet fun, just and so on. The person who is not difficult to get, the person who has no difficulty to obtain. ' This is not possible. But, Ah Nan! “Where the Bichu lives alone, away from the cluster, this should be expected: such a bichu will be free from pleasure, solitude, silence, positive joy and other kinds of music, no difficulty to get, no difficulty “The winner.” This is possible. Ah Nan! Indeed, “Where happy to party, better than party, like party, specializing in clustering, better than clustering, happy in the group of Picchu will enter into the temporary, cola's heart relief, or non-temporary, unshaken of [Heart relief]. This is not possible. But, Ah Nan! “Where that Picchu lives alone and away from the cluster, this should be expected: such a bichu will enter into a temporary, Coke's heart relief, or non-transient, unshaken [heart relief].” This is possible.” For that is impossible: anyone who is happy to meet can reach a temporary relief.
 “After listening to the language of the Sun”: the sun (ādicco) is called the sun (sūriyo), his name is Jodamo, the unrighteous person is also named Jodamo, the unconscious person is the Sun's relative, the Sun The family of surnames, so the solemn is the Sun. “After listening to the words of the Helians”: “The language of the Sun people, the way, teaching, teaching, admonition, hearing, after hearing, after grasping, after understanding, and discerning.” After listening to the words of the Sun people,It should be alone like a horn of rhino.
 Because then, the eloquent person said,
 “That is impossible: whoever is happy to meet can reach a temporary relief,
 After listening to the Sunman's language, you should be alone like a rhino horn.”
 Second product [Completed].


Excerpt:
 1. can also have companions: better than their own or equal, otherwise increase friction or useless conversation or sticking.
 2. all kinds of desires are indeed sweet and pleasing, but they confused the heart with diversity: desire = terror, bitterness (MA.99), disease, tumors, thorns, dyed, mud, motherland.
 3. do not be happy to meet (MA.191).
 4. such as rhinoceros horn alone to be able to endure cold and hot and thirsty wind fly fly.
 11/28/2020 06:41