### 3. Evil

> 15 &middot; Some people truly speak with a malicious heart,  
Others say with a true heart,  
The Muni does not arrive to the arisen controversy,  
So the Muni is not desolate wherever he is.

"Some do speak with a malicious heart": Those outsiders speak with a malicious
heart, with a hostile heart, with a heart of opposition, a heart with of the
blow, a heart with a backlash, a heart with harm, with the insulting heart,
behind the back, speaking falsely, insulting the Blessed One and the Bhikkhu
Saṅgha.

"Others do say it with a true heart": Anyone who believes in, trusts, who has a
true mind with a true heart, who has a true mind with a factual heart, and who
has a truthful heart, those who think truthfully, those who think with a certain
heart, those who do not think with a heart that is inverted, (do not) say
falsely, (dot not) insult the Blessed One and the Bhikkhu Saṅgha.

"The controversy that has arisen, Muni does not arrive (at)": The controversy
that has arisen, has been born, has appeared: further alley talk, insults,
reprimands, false claims of the Blessed One and the Bhikkhu Saṅgha. "Muni does
not reach": "Muni," Muni is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding...
(omitted), no delusion, Dhamma, right view, possessing Muni wisdom, Muni. There
are three types of Muni (perfect virtues): body Muni, language Muni, and
intention Muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three types of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the Muni position; the three types of good behaviors are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the body is the Muni position; the knowledge of the body is the Muni
position; walking the Path with (higher) knowledge is the body of Muni; the
abandonment of desire and greed, cut off, as the Muni; the fourth jhāna
extinction of the body is the position of Muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four types of evil deeds of
language is the position of Muni; the four types of good acts of language are
the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni;
the knowledge of language is the position of Muni; and knowing the path of all
acts is the position of Muni; the abandonment of desire and greed of language is
the position of Muni; the second jhāna cessation of language is the position of
language Muni.

What is intention Muni? The three types of deeds of intention and evil deeds are
the Muni position; the three types of good deeds are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the mind-object is the Muni position; the knowledge of the heart is
the Muni position; the one that walks the Path with knowledge is the position of
Muni; the desire and greed of the heart being judged is the position of Muni;
the desire to perish the mind is the position of Muni.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.  
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil."

The six types of Muni have these three modes of Muni: Muni at home, Muni without
a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni, Muni (of the)
Muni. Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footsteps and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those bhikkhus
who have seen the footsteps and who have learned the precepts are homeless Muni.
There are seven types of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning
Muni, and Bhikkhu Buddha as Bhikkhu Muni. Muni (of) Muni is called Tathāgata,
Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-wise is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,  
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.  
Avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,  
Everyone who understands the (inner and outer sum) in the world,  
Because that is said to be Muni.  
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world,  
The unwholesome and the good behind the Dhamma,  
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man,  
Beyond staining and the net, he is Muni."

Whoever reaches the dispute, he arrives for two reasons: the person arrives at
(the) dispute as an actor, or when he is talked of or reprimanded he was angry,
rejected, stubborn, showing anger, aversion, dissatisfaction (, saying): "I am
not the maker." Those who reach the dispute arrive with these two reasons. Muni
does not reach the dispute for two reasons: Muni is not the maker, and does not
reach (the) controversy as a maker, or when he is talked about or reprimanded,
he does not get angry, reject, be stubborn, does not show anger, aversion,
dissatisfaction (, saying): "I am not the maker." Muni did not arrive, does not
arrive, does not hold, does not cling to (the) controversy, for two reasons.

"Therefore, wherever Muni is, there is no barrenness": "Therefore," because of
that reason, that cause, that condition, and that cause, it is a state of no
attacking heart, a state of no desolation, no five types of barrenness of heart
[MN.16], no three types of barrenness [SN.45.166]: the barrenness of greed, the
barrenness of anger, the barrenness of ignorance; does not exist, is not known,
is not discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to
arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "No matter where it is," no matter where,
wherever, inside or outside or inside and outside.

> 16 &middot; How can one cross one's own view?  
Guided by desire, fixed by (personal) inclinations (preferences),  
Performing his own accomplishment,  
Indeed he will say as he knows.

"How can one's own views be crossed": Anyone who kills Sundarī Nandā's female
marchers (bhikkhunis) and declares Samaṇa Sakya's disrepute, (thinking:) "In
this way, we will get back the benefits, reputation, respect." Those who see
this way, people like this, lovers like this, advocates like this, and those
with these intentions, they cannot go through their own views, their likes,
their own inclinations, their own opinions, their own intentions; then at that
time, the dishonour is returned to themselves. "How can this be my own view?"
Or, "The world is everlasting, this is real, and everything else is empty."
Whoever says this, his own views, his likes..., how can one's own intentions be
able to cross, traverse, surpass, and overcome? What is the reason? His vision
is completed, held, grasped, attached, and taken like that, "I have been
convinced." How can I cross it in this way? "The world is very constant...
(omitted) The world is bounded... The world is boundless... Fate is the body...
Fate is one body is the other... Tathāgata exists after death... Tathāgata does
not exist after death... The Tathāgata after death exists and does not exist...
The Tathāgata after death neither exists nor does not exist; this is true, and
everything else is empty." Whoever says like this, his own views, his likes,
..., how can they be able to cross, traverse, surpass, and overcome? What is the
reason? His vision is completed, held, grasped, grasped, attached, taken,
believed and understood like that.

"Guided by desire, fixed by (personal) inclinations": "guided by desire," He is
carried, taken, carried by his own views, ..., as if by carts or carriages,
two-wheeled carts, ox carts, goat carts, ram carts, camel carts, donkeys and
horses carts, to walk, take away, and carry. In the same way, he was driven by
his own views, his own preferences, his own inclinations, and his own opinions,
carried away, taken away, carried. "Fixed by (personal) inclinations," he is
fixed, stopped, stuck, entered, stained by his own views, his own inclinations,
and his own opinions, and turned his heart towards (a victorious solution).

"Performing his own accomplishment": Implementing what one has done; performing
satisfactorily; performing perfectly; performing first, most successful,
outstanding, top, most winning: (I thought:) "This master is the all-wise man."
Carrying out what we have done by ourselves; carrying out satisfactorily, ...,
(Thinking:) "This Dhamma is said by the good..., this group follows
the good... this seeing is good... this Path is based on the good... this Path
is renunciation." The execution is done by oneself, performed satisfactorily...,
he makes it happen, produces it makes it arise, makes it happen.

"Indeed he will say as he knows": He will say, tell, talk, explain, and say as
he knows, "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else is empty."
To say, tell, talk, explain, and say, "The world is very constant...
(omitted)..., after death, the Tathāgata neither exists nor does not exist, this
is true, and everything else is empty." He will speak, tell, talk, explain.

> 17 &middot; The mortal person who tells of his own precepts and prohibitions  
To others without having been asked,  
Skillful people say that that is not the Holy Dhamma,  
Those who speak of themselves by themselves.

"His own precepts and prohibitions": "What," what is like, such as effort, such
as arrangement, such as type, wherever has arrived, who is khattiya, or
Brāhmaṇa, or vessa, or sudda, or at home, or out of the home (monastics), or
heaven, or person. "Precepts and prohibitions," there are precepts and
prohibitions, there are prohibitions (and) non-precepts. What are precepts and
prohibitions? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor, to live under the protection of
the self-control of Pātimokkha, with sufficient righteousness and state, to see
fear in minor sins, and to learn after accepting from a teacher. Wherever there
is restraint, self-control, and non-violation, this is the precept; it is
prohibition. Taking self-control as the precept; observing the righteousness as
the prohibition is called precept and prohibition. What is the prohibition (and)
non-precept? There are eight heads: the wild branch, the begging branch, the
dung sweeping branch, the three clothing sticks, the second begging sticks,
after eating, not eating sticks, often sitting (not lying) sticks, staying
anywhere, this is called prohibition (and) non-precept. The observance of
vitality is also called prohibition (and) precept: "I would rather leave only
the skin, tendons, and bones; if the flesh and blood of the body is dried up, as
long as human perseverance, human strength, human vitality, and human efforts
should (persist) (the goal is) not achieved, there will be no stop of vitality."
[SN.12.22] He is dedicated and diligent, like this is the observance of
vitality, which is called prohibition (and) precept.

"I will neither eat nor drink,  
Nor go out of my residence,  
Will not cause the thigh to fall (lying down),  
While the arrow of thirst is not be removed."  
[Thag.223]

He is dedicated and diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called
prohibition (and) precept. "As long as my mind is not free from all defilements
by not clinging, I will not break this cross-legged (posture)!" [MN.32] He is
dedicated, hardworking, and observing such vitality is also called prohibition
(and) precept. "As long as my mind is not free from all the troubles by not
clinging, I will not rise from this seat..., I will not walk down from the
experience.., I will not go out from the dwelling..., I will not go out from the
half-roofed house..., ...from the tall building..., the flat-roofed house, the
cave (cavern), the cave (grotto), the hut, the heavy pavilion, the observation
deck, the round house, the shed, the lecture hall, the tend, ...I will not go
out from under the tree..."

"Just before this noon I will acquire, fully obtain, attain, reach, and testify
about the Holy Dhamma"..., "Just this noon..., in the evening..., before eating,
after eating, before the night, midnight, after the night, at the time of death,
at the time of the white moon, in the rainy season, in the winter, in the
summer, in youth, in middle age, in old age, I will acquire, fully obtain,
attain, reach, and testify about the Holy Dhamma." He is dedicated and diligent,
and the observance of such vitality is also called prohibition (and) precept.
"Humans" are sentient beings, human beings, student Brāhmaṇas, people,
individuals, lives, those born to people, those born to Indā, and Manu.

"Speaking about (the above) without having been asked by other people": "To
other people," to other khattiya, Brāhmaṇa, .... "Not to be asked," not being
questioned, not being asked, not being begged, not being inquired of, not being
asked to make clear. "Say," speak of one's precepts, or prohibitions, or
precepts and prohibitions: I am a "person of sufficient precepts," or
"sufficient in prohibitions," "in precepts and prohibitions, one who is
sufficient," either by birth, or by surname, or by good family, or by appearance
and beauty as a lotus, or by property, or by research (acquisition), or by
profession, either by skill, or by study, or by what you have heard, or by
arguing, or "being a bhikkhu from your family," or "being a bhikkhu from a big
family," or "from a big family" a wealthy bhikkhu, or a bhikkhu from a wealthy
wealthy family, or a bhikkhu who is in the same household and a bhikkhu is a
well-known person or a famous person, or on clothing, food, shelter, necessities
of the patient, and medical necessities, or "teacher," or "lawyer," or
"speaker," or "lives in the forest," or "begging," or "wearing dung and sweeping
clothes," or "but the three-clothed person," or "the second beggar," or "the
person who does not eat after eating (eating once)," or "the person who often
sits (not lying)," or "the person who lives anywhere," or "the first jhāna
person," or "the obtainer of the second jhāna," or "the obtainer of the third
jhāna," or "the obtainer of the fourth jhāna," or "the obtainer who waits in the
boundless void (fifth/first immaterial)," or "the one who waits in the boundless
consciousness (sixth)," or "the gainer who waits in nothingness (seventh)," "the
gainer who does not wait in nothingness (neither perception nor
non-perception)," he speaks, tells, talks, explains, and says.

"Skillful ones say that that is not the Holy Dhamma": "Skillful ones," those
who possess skill, those skilled in the realm, those who are dependent on the
skillful, those who mindful of the skillful, those who are diligent and
skillful, the sacred and skillful, the root and the skillful, the good, those
who are righteous, the skilful in the Path, the skillful in the Fruit, the
skillful people of Nibbāna, those skillful ones say this: "This is the unsagely
Dhamma, this is not the Dhamma of the sage, this is the Dhamma of the fool, this
is not the Dhamma of the wise, this is the Dhamma of the non-good people, this
is not the Dhamma of the good people." They tell, speak, explain, and say so.

"Anyone who speaks of theirself": They are called theirself. "Speak by
yourself," speak of yourself as "I am a 'sufficient person,' or a 'restricted
person,' or 'precept and prohibitions are enough' ...(omitted)...," he says,
talks, explains, said.

> 18 &middot; A silent bhikkhu, a person in a completely cooled state,  
Does not boast "I am like this" in the precepts,  
The skillful people say that it is the Holy Dhamma,  
For him there is no increase anywhere in the world.

"Silent bhikkhus, those who are in a completely cooled state": "silent," the
greed has subsided so the state is silent; the anger has subsided so the state
is silent; ...ignorance..., ...resentment.., ...domineering..., jealousy,
stinginess, fraud, cunning, stubbornness, passion, sloth, extreme sloth, torpor,
indulgence; covered by all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all
scorching heat, all irritations, covered by all bad practices, expanded
coverage, upper coverage, obstruction (blocking), enveloping, obstructing,
closing, covering; all unwholesome contrived state has been silenced, calmed
down, cooled down, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed state,
and the cessation state are silent, still, calmed, cooled, stopped. "Bhikkhu,"
the state of the destroyed seven dhammas is a Bhikkhu: seeing is destroyed,
suspicion is destroyed, prohibition is destroyed, greed is destroyed, anger is
destroyed, delusion is destroyed, sloth is destroyed, and those evil and
unwholesome dhammas are destroyed; shunning the pollution, the others, the fear,
the bitter fruit, old age and death in the future.

The Blessed One [Sn.3.6, 519]:  
"Take the path I have practiced to reach Nibbāna and transcend skeptics,  
After abandoning nothingness and existence,  
The one who has been completed, and the one who is extinct, is a Bhikkhu."

"Silent Bhikkhus, those in a state of being completely cooled": Those who make
the state of greed extinguished are those in the state of being completely
cooled, ...anger..., ...ignorance..., (omitted).

"I don't boast about 'I am like this' in the precepts: "I am like this," the
continuation of the sentences; the connection of the sentences; the consummation
of the sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is a
second sentence; this is "I am like this." "I don't boast in the precepts."
Here, there is a type of boasting: I am a "restricted person," ...(omitted)....
In this way he does not boast or show off. He has been separated from boasting,
has renounced, has abandoned, has given up, has been separated, has been freed,
has renounced bondage, he lives with an unrestrained heart.

"Skillful ones say that it is the Holy Dhamma": "Skillful ones," ..., those
skillful people say: "This is the righteous Dhamma, this is not the Dhamma of
the unrighteous, this is the Dhamma of the wise, this is not the Dhamma of the
fool, this is the Dhamma of the virtuous man, this is not the Dhamma of the
unvirtuous man." They say so, speak so, tell so, explain so, say so.

"For him increase (surge, growth) does not exist anywhere in the world": "For
him," for the Arahant, for those who have exhausted troubles. "Surge," there are
seven surges: greed, aggression, delusion, sloth, seeing, pollution, kamma
increases. For those people, these increases are not, do not exist, are not
known, and have not been discovered; cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped,
unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "No matter where," no matter
where, wherever, inside or outside or (both) inside and outside. "In the world,"
in the world of suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world
of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places.

> 19 &middot; All the dhammas that are fixed for him,  
Which are valued and impure,  
Who sees benefits in theirself,  
Is a dependent who shakes the silence.

"All the dhammas that are fixed for him, which are valued": "Fixed (constant)
view," there are two types of fixed views: .... "Proactive," Proactive,
pretentious, and cohabiting, are active. In addition, the impermanence, the
action, the condition-born are the dhammas of the extinction, the dissipation,
the fading, and the dhammas, are also active. "Whatever is for him" is for those
who see evil. "Dhamma" It is called the sixty-two evil views.

"Being valued (and) impure": "Being valued," there are two types of importance:
.... For him, the importance of thirst is not cut off, the importance of seeing
has not been cut off, the state of the importance of thirst is not cut off, the
state of the importance of seeing is not cut off, he puts thirst for love or
seeing ahead before and walks, thirst as a flag, thirst as a pillar, thirst
increases, seen as flag, seen as tower, seen as increase, following desire to
love or see. "Existence," to be, to be known, to have, to be discovered.
"Impure," impure, improper, unclean, polluted, contaminated.

"Whoever sees benefits in oneself": "Oneself" is on the self. He is called (one
who has the) evil view, and he sees two benefits of his own view: the benefit in
life and the benefit in the afterlife. What is the life benefit of seeing (this
view)? Every view that the master has, so do the disciples. For that view of the
master, the disciples respect, admire, adore, and respect, because of that he
gets clothes, food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical necessities,
this is the immediate benefit of seeing. What is the afterlife benefit of seeing
(this view)? "This seeing is enough to become the state of the dragon (dragon
world), or the state of the golden-winged bird, or the state of the Yakkha, or
the state of Asura, or the state of Gandhabba, or the state of the king, or the
state of Indā, or the state of Brahma, or the state of heaven, this view is
pure, clean, all pure; detachment, liberation, breaking away, from all over, to
see them become pure, to become purified, to become pure; to be detached, to be
liberated, to be freed, to see that I will become pure, to become purified, to
become pure; to escape, be liberated, and be detached everywhere." For the
expectation of future fruit, this is the afterlife benefit of seeing. He sees,
watches, stares, contemplates, and observes the two benefits of his own view.

"He is a dependent who shakes the stillness (silence)": There are three types of
stillness: ultimate stillness, temporal stillness, and worldly stillness. What
is ultimate silence? Ultimate silence is called non-living, Nibbāna, where all
those actions cease, all dependent cessation, the cessation of craving, greed,
extinction, and Nibbāna, this is ultimate silence. What is temporal silence? For
those who enter the first jhāna, the gazes are silenced; for those who enter the
second jhāna, searching is silenced; for those who enter the third jhāna, their
their joy is silenced; for those who enter the fourth jhāna, their happiness
(and suffering) are quiet; for those who enter the boundless void (fifth/first
immaterial), lust, thinking, and all types of desires are silenced; for those
who enter the boundlessness of consciousness (sixth), the boundless void is
quiet; for those who enter nothingness (seventh) it is said that knowledge has
no bounds is silenced; for those who enter the non-imaginary place (eighth,
neither perception nor non-perception) and wait, nothingness is silenced, this
is the part of silence. What is worldly silence? The sixty-two evil views, the
stillness of seeing is called secular stillness, and in this sense it is secular
stillness: it has the meaning of "silence." "He is a dependent shaking the
stillness": He is shaking stillness, strong shaking stillness, moving stillness,
fluctuating stillness, impacting stillness, constructed stillness, fixed view,
silence is impermanent, active, and conditioned; it is the dependent, stuck,
adherent, trapped, afflicted, and mind-oriented.

> 20 &middot; The attachment to seeing (views) is indeed not easy to overcome:  
It is held tightly after being selected among Dhammas,  
Therefore, everyone rejects and holds  
The Dhamma in those attachments.

"The attachment to seeing (views) is indeed not easy to overcome": The
attachment to seeing, "The world is constant, this is real, and everything else
is empty." The persistence, clinging to the dwelling place of seeing (the view);
"The world is very constant...," ...(omitted)... "The obsession of seeing is
indeed not easy to overcome": The obsession of seeing is indeed not easy to
overcome, difficult to surpass, difficult to escape, difficult to transcend,
difficult to pass, and difficult to overcome.

"After selecting among the Dhammas, it is held tightly": "In the Dhamma," in the
sixty-two evil views. "After selection," after decision, after judgment, after
measurement, after evaluation, after judgment, after separation, after
clarification. "To be grasped," limited grasp, partial grasp, uppermost grasp,
fixed amount grasp, accumulation grasp: this is true, truthful, facts,
correctness, and not inverted, to be held, clenched, clinging, taken, believed
to be understood.

"Therefore everyone, in those attachments": "Therefore," ... "Everyone," ....
"In those attachments," in those attachments of seeing (views).

"Rejection and holding of the Dhamma": "Rejection," he refuses for two reasons:
he refuses by interruption by others, or he refuses when it is not reached (by
him). How to refuse by interruption by others? Judgment: That master is not the
all wise man, the Dhamma is not said to be good, (its) groups (of people) are
not those who do what is good, seeing is not good, the path is not set up by the
good, the path is not detached, there is no purity here, or purification, or all
over pure; or free, or liberated, or all out, it's inferior, despicable, low,
trivial, inferior intent, insignificant; and this is "interrupted by others." In
this way, when interrupted, he rejects the master, the narration of the Dhamma,
the group, and the meeting, refuse the path, reject the Path, so that it is
"interrupted by others." How does he refuse when it is not reached (by him)? He
rejects when the precept is not reached, he rejects when the prohibition is not
reached, and when the precept and prohibition are not reached, he refuses, so he
refuses when it is not reached. "And grasping," he grasps the master, grasps the
narration, grasps the group, grasps the view, grasps the way, grasps the path,
he grasps, persists.

> 21 &middot; For those who are cleansed,  
There is no place in the world where there are all types of views,  
After the cleansed one has abandoned deception and conceit,  
What would he fall into?

"For those who are cleansed, there is indeed no place in the world, where there
are all types of (incorrect) views (of existence)": "Cleansing," cleansing is
called wisdom, which is wisdom...(omitted) For what reason is cleansed called
Wisdom? With that wisdom, the evil deeds of the body are shaken off, cleansed,
completely cleansed, and washed away; the evil deeds of speech...; malevolent
acts..., greed...; anger, ignorance, ...(omitted)...; all pollution, all evil
deeds, all troubles, all scorching heat, all heat troubles, all unwholesome
deeds are shaken off, washed, completely washed, and separated by washing, for
this reason cleansing is called wisdom.

Or, evil views are shaken off..., washed away by right views; evil words...,
right words; evil kamma..., right deeds; evil destiny..., righteous destiny;
evil spirit..., righteous effort; evil thoughts..., right thoughts; evil
deeds..., right concentration; evil wisdom..., right wisdom; evil liberation...,
right liberation; cleansed, completely cleansed, and washed away.

Or, all pollution, all evil deeds, all afflictions, all scorching heat, all heat
afflictions, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, cleansed, completely
cleansed, and separated by cleansing by the eight holy paths, and the Arahant
possesses, fully possesses, enters, fully enters, fully-sufficient,
fully-satisfied, possessing these dhammas that can be cleansed. Therefore, the
Arahant is a cleansed person. He is the one who shakes off the greed, the evil,
the pollution, and the heat (irritation). "No matter where," no matter where,
anywhere, wherever, inside or outside or (both) inside and outside. "In the
world," in the world of the suffering world... (omitted).

There are two types of fixed views: the fixed views because of desire and the
fixed views of seeing (views)... (omitted). "In all types of existence," in all
types of kamma, the desire to have again; in the desire to have, the form of
existence; in the form of existence, the formlessness again; in the kamma of the
formless existence, repeating again and again; in the repeated interest, in the
rebirth; in the rebirth, the individual birth. For those who are cleansed, no
matter where they are in the world, there are indeed no views, and there are
(none of) all types of fixed views: for those who are cleansed, no matter where
in the world, construction of all types of things, fixed, contrived, making
cohabitation with views, he is not, does not exist, is not known, is not
discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise,
burned by the fire of wisdom.

"The person who cleans up abandons deception and conceit": Deception is called
deception. Here, after a certain type of person performs evil deeds with the
body; after the evil deeds with the language; after the evil deeds with the
intention, the desire to hide the evil is established. He wants: "May he not
know me (my deeds, etc.)!" He doesn't want to know me!" Says "May he not know
me!" working hard physically, "May he not know me!" [AN.6.45] In cases of
deception, cross-border (violation), concealment, obfuscation, keeping secrets,
hiding, concealing (keeping secrets all over), covering, covering all over,
undisclosed acts, and covering up evil acts are called deceptions.

"Conceit," one type of conceit: that is the height of the heart; two types...:
self praise is conceited, contempt for others is conceited; three: "I am the
winner"..., "I am the same," "I am the inferior;" four: to gain, to have fame,
praise, and comfort; five: "I obtain the desired form," "I obtain the desired
sound," smell..., taste..., touch....; six types: with eyes..., ears..., nose,
tongue, body, ...satisfaction of the mind makes one conceited; seven: conceit,
arrogance, conceit and arrogance, humbleness, conceit of increase, conceit of
self-reality, conceit of evil; eight: obtaining makes one conceited, not
obtaining..., fame, no fame, praise, rebuke, happiness, and suffering; nine: the
winner thinks: "I am the winner"..., the winner thinks: "I am the same," the
winner thinks: "I am the inferior"...; and equal think: "I am the winner," the
equal thinks: "I am the same," the equal thinks: "I am the inferior," the
inferior thinks: "I am the winner," the inferior thinks: "I am the same," the
inferior thinks: "I am the inferior;" ten types...: here, by certain birth, or
surname, or good family, or beauty like a lotus, or property, or research
(acquisition), or career, or craftsmanship, or study, or by what you hear, or by
arguing, or by something to make one conceited; anyone who, like this, with this
type of heart conceit, thinking, perceiving the situation, high tribute, high
conceit, as a banner, as a flag, heart vanity is called conceited. "The cleansed
one abandons the deceit and conceit": After the cleansed one abandons, after
discarding, after being driven away, after finishing, and making it go to
non-existence.

"He is a non-attached person, what would he fall into?": "Attachment," there are
two types of attachments.... For him, the attachment to love has been cut off;
the attachment to seeing (views) has been cut off, the state of attachment to
seeing has been cut off; not-attached people will fall in with what greed, with
what aversion, with what delusion, with what conceit, with what perception, with
what doubt, what type of potential trouble, and become the "infected," or
"disgusting," or "ignorant," or "bound," or "attacker," or "coming to the
scattered chaos," or "coming to the unsatisfactory," or "coming to the
stalwart?" What type of state will the state where the deeds have been cut off
and the deeds will fall into the interesting place and become "in hell," or "the
animal world," or "hungry ghost world," or "human," or "heaven," or "formed," or
"formless," or "thinking," or "not thinking," or "neither a thinker nor a
thoughtless one?" He has no cause, no predestiny, and no factors that will fall
into it.

> 22 &middot; The involved one has indeed reached a dispute on the various dhammas,  
(But) what could one dispute about with one who who has no attachment?  
What is taken and rejected do not exist for him,  
And he wiped out everything (views) in this life.

"Involved people have indeed reached controversy in all dhammas": "Involvement,"
there are two types of involvement: the craving and seeing.... For him, the
involvement of thirst has not been cut off; the involvement of seeing has not
been cut off, in the state of being unbroken, the state of involvement of seeing
reached disputes in the dhamma, becoming the "infected," or the "disgusting," or
the "stupid," or the "bound," or the "holding," or "coming to disorganization,"
or "coming to the undesirable," or "coming to the fortitude," the state of the
unremoved, the unresolved state of the creations, in the interest of the
controversy, becomes the "fall to hell people," or "those who fell into the
animal world," or "those who fell into the hungry ghost world," or "human," or
"heaven," or "formed," or "formless," or "thinking," or " the non-thinking
person, or the "neither the thinking nor non-thinking person," he arrives,
holds, grasps, and persists.

"How and by what can be said of the non-attached one": "Attachment," there are
two types of attachment: .... For him, the attachment of thirst has been cut
off...; with what greed..., in terms of the underlying tendency of trouble, can
you say that the non-attachment person is the "infected," or the "disgusting,"
or the "ignorant," or the "bound," or the "attacker," or "coming to
disorganization," or "coming to the unsatisfactory," or "coming to the
stalwart?" What can be said of the state in which the deeds have been cut
off.... He has no cause, no fate, there are no factors that can be spoken of,
can be talked of, can be explained, and can be said.

"Taking and rejecting do not exist for him": The "taking" is for "me," he does
not have this; the "rejection" is for the extinction, he does not have this; the
"taking" is the grasping, ...and the "rejection" is the one that should be
released.... Anything that should be held, there is something that should be
released; everything that should be released, there are those that should be
held. Taking and rejecting has been surpassed, and the Arahant has surpassed
consciousness and retreat. He is a person who has descended into a state, who
has practiced, who has completed the journey, who has reached the direction, the
cycle of life and death, without his rebirth.

"In this life he sweeps away all views": For him, the sixty-two evil views have
been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire
of wisdom, and all evil views, he swept, shook off, shakes off completely,
shakes down, gives up, drives away,s make to end, makes them to go to
non-existence, in this life.

\newpage
