### 4. Purity

> 23 &middot; I see purity: the highest, disease-free,  
A human being completely purified by seeing,  
When he knows that "this is the highest," when he knows this way,  
"He is the pure one who observes," he returns to wisdom.

"I see purity: the highest, disease-free": "I see purity," I see purity, I look
at purity, I watch purity, I observe purity. "The highest, disease-free," the
highest, the disease-free, the one who reaches the sanctuary, the one who
reaches the refuge, the one who reaches the shelter, the one who reaches no
fear, the one who reaches the non-living, the one who reaches the extinction,
the one who reaches Nibbāna.

"Complete purity by seeing": To see the form with the eyes is to see the purity,
purification, and complete purity of a person; detachment, liberation, and
disengagement, and a person becomes pure, purified, and completely pure; freed,
detached, liberated everywhere.

"When he knows this way, he knows that 'it is the highest'": When this way is
known, certain, and penetrated. "This is the highest, the first, the most
superior, the victorious, the top, the highest." After he knows, understands,
weighs, judges, separates, and clarifies.

"'He is the one who observes in purity,' he returns to wisdom": Whoever sees
purity, he is the one who observes purity. "He returns to wisdom." He who sees
form with eye awareness returns to "wisdom;" returns to the Path, returns to the
Exit.

> 24 &middot; If someone is pure by seeing,  
Or if he gives up suffering through wisdom,  
Then there are those who rely on other (things) to be come pure;  
It should be said that he is indeed such a speaker.

"If someone is pure by seeing": To see the form with our eyes... (omitted).

"Or if he can give up suffering with wisdom": If he can see with his eyes, and
if one gives up life and suffering, old age suffering, sickness, death, and
sorrow, grief, despair and suffering.

"There are those who rely on others to become pure": With other things, impure
ways, evil ways, and non-existence, in addition to (besides) mindfulness, in
addition to all right work, in addition to the divine bases, in addition to the
roots, in addition to the strengths, in addition to the enlightenment, in
addition to the eight branches of the holy path, man becomes pure, becomes
purified, becomes pure throughout; is freed, liberated, and departed from all
over. The "reliant" are those who have greed, hatred, ignorance, sloth, thirst,
(evil) seers, polluters, and clingers.

"It should be said that he is indeed such a speaker": The one who sees (these
views) and speaks: Like this, this person is (one with) a wrong view, a reverse
view. "It is such a speaker," is such a speaker, narrator, sayer, explainer,
speaker: "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else is empty."
Such a speaker... "The world is very constant... The world is bounded... The
world is boundless... Fate is the body... Fate is one body is the other...
Tathāgata exists after death... Tathāgata does not exist after death... The
Tathāgata after death exists and does not exist... The Tathāgata after death
neither exists nor does not exist; this is true, and everything else is empty."
Such a sayer, narrator, talker, interpreter, and speaker.

> 25 &middot; Brāhmaṇas do not say purity comes from others (things or views),  
Or in what they see, hear, or precepts and prohibitions, or feel,  
Not being contaminated by merit and evil, abandoning what is taken (up),  
Without making (anything) here.

"Brāhmaṇas are not pure from others, in what they see, hear, precepts and
prohibitions or perceptions": "Not" means negation. "Brāhmaṇa," the exclusion of
the seven dhammas is the Brāhmaṇa: seeing is excluded, doubt is excluded,
abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded, illusion is
eliminated, sloth is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods are
eliminated: those that are contaminated, those that are no longer there, those
that are fearful, those who will suffer the consequences, and those who will die
in the future.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 524]  
"After all evil is eliminated,  
Standing the spotless, virtuous state,  
After he transcends reincarnation,  
He becomes a perfect man.  
Those who are not dependent,  
Like this can be called Brāhmaṇa."

"Brāhmaṇas do not say purity is from others," With other things ..., the
Brāhmaṇa does not speak, say, talk, or explain, does not say.

"In what they see, hear, precepts and prohibition, or perceptions." Some Samaṇas
and Brāhmaṇas regard seeing as pure. They identify seeing certain forms as
auspicious, and believe that seeing certain forms as unlucky. What type of sight
do they believe is auspicious? In the early morning they saw the auspicious
forms: seeing sparrows, seeing the gorgeous and colorful Marmelos trees,
...pregnant women, ...boy on the shoulders of a man, full urns, Samaṇas, horses,
horse carts, bulls, oxen; they believe that seeing things like that is
auspicious. What types of sights do they believe are unlucky? Seeing the straw
pile, ...the butter urn, the empty urn, the dancers, the nude fake Samaṇas, the
mule, the donkey carriage ride, the single-harness ride, the one-eyed person,
hand deformity, the lame person, the half-body, the elderly, and the sick; they
believe that it is unlucky to see things like that. These are those Samaṇas and
Brāhmaṇas who see what they see as pure.

Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas regard what they hear is pure. They believe that
hearing certain sounds is auspicious, and they believe that hearing certain
sounds is unlucky. Which sounds do they believe are auspicious? In the early
morning they heard an auspicious voice: "Prosperity," or "precious," or "full,"
or "gorgeous," or "worry-free," or "good will," or "good star," or "good luck,"
or "lucky," or "luck increase;" they believe that hearing sounds like this is
auspicious. Which sounds do they believe are unlucky? "One-eye," or "hand
deformity," or "lame," or "half-body," or "elderly," or "patient (sick)," or
"dead," or "cut," or "broken," or "burned," or "disappeared," or "none;" they
believe that hearing sounds like this is unlucky.

Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas regard precepts as purity. They believe that the
degree of precept, the degree of (self) restraint, the degree of self-control,
and the degree of non-violation are pure, clean.... Uggāhamāna Samaṇamuṇḍika
said: Homeowner! I have established that the men who possess the four methods
are those who have goodness, the highest of goodness, those who obtain the
supreme attainment, and the Samaṇa (does not exist) who cannot overcome them.
Which four? Homeowner! Here, he does not act evil deeds, does not speak evil
words, does not intend with evil intentions, does not live a life of evil,
owner! I have established that the man who possesses these four methods is the
one who has goodness, the supreme one who is good, the one who is supremely
attained, and the unsurpassable Samaṇa [MN.78]. Similarly, some Samaṇas and
Brāhmaṇas regard precepts as pure.

Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas regard the prohibition as pure. They are those who
guard (prohibit) the elephant, or the horse, or the cow, or the dog, or the
crow, or Vishnu, or the power of gods, or the sage, or the pearl sage, or the
fire, or the dragon, or the golden-winged bird, or the Yakkha, or the asura, or
the Gandhabba, or the great king, or the moon, or the sun, or the Indā, or the
Brahma, or devas, or the position.

Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas consider what they feel is pure. They touch the
earth, in the early morning, touch grass, cow dung, turtle, hoe, sesame carrier,
chew auspicious sesame seeds, chew auspicious oil, chew auspicious tooth wood,
bathe with auspicious soil, wear auspicious clothes, and wrap a lucky headscarf.

"In what you see, hear, precepts and prohibitions, or perception," a Brāhmaṇa
does not say purity is in what he sees; he does not say purity is in what he
hears; he is not pure by precepts; he is not pure by prohibitions; and he is not
(pure) by what he feels. Purity means purity; to not tell, not talk, not
explain, not speak.

"Not to be polluted in virtue and evil": Virtue is called all the good works of
the three realms, and non-benefit (evil) is called all unwholesome (works).
Because the good deeds and non-blessings and immovable deeds are cut off, the
root has been cut off just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes non-being,
something that will not grow for the future; in this case, it is not
contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated in virtue and
evil, no longer contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer
contaminated closely. He has left, has departed, has been freed, has been freed
from bondage, he dwells with an unrestrained heart.

"Abandon what you take, and don't make (anything) here": "Abandon what you take"
means forsaking your vision; "abandon what you take" means forsaking
perseverance; "abandon what you take" means holding on because of craving for
love and seeing; all that is held, clinging, taking, and faithful to are
abandoned, spit out, released, dismissed, and discontinued by him. "Those who do
not make (anything) here," the one that is not making merit, the one that is not
made to be born, the one that is not to be produced, the one that is not making
to arise.

> 26 &middot; After cutting off the previous one and becoming the subsequent follower,  
The disturbed followers to not cross the tie,  
They pick up (views, masters, etc.) and let go,  
Like a monkey grabbing a branch and letting go.

"Rejecting the former and becoming the subsequent followers": After the former
master, becoming the follower (adherent) of other masters; ...narratives of
previous methods (Dhammas)...; ...masses (groups)...; ...views...; ...paths....
Those who are completely dependent, adherents (followers), entrants, those who
are tied, and those who turn their minds towards (these things).

"Followers who are disturbed do not get through the tie": Disturbance is called
craving, which is greed.... "Disturbed followers," the disturbed follower, the
perturbed follower, the one who is taken down by the disturbance, the
overthrown, the conquered, the one whose heart is overtaken. "They don't get
through the tie," the greed tie, the hatred tie, the sloth tie, the polluted
tie, the evil doings tie, they don't get over, don't transcend, don't pass,
don't cross, don't overcome.

"They pick up and let go": They grab a master, let go of that one and then grab
other masters; ...the narration of the dhamma...; the crowd, the view, the
path..., they grab and let go, take and let go.

"Like a monkey grabbing a branch and letting it go": Like a monkey roaming in
the woods and forests grabbing a branch, letting go of that branch and then
grabbing another branch [SN.12.61]; the same, most of the Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas
catch and let go, take and let go of the evil opinions of the majority.

> 27 &middot; After a person is restrained by himself,  
He wants to adhere to him high and low,  
After the wise man takes the Dhamma,  
The wise man does not go high and low.

"After a person is restrained by himself": "Holding oneself" means holding by
oneself (self-sustaining). "Prohibition," ...; after he takes it, after holding,
after assuming, after grasping, after attachment. "Man," Sentient beings, human
beings, student Brāhmaṇas, people, individuals, lives, those born to people,
those born to Indā, and Manu.

"Adhering to him and walking high and low": He walked from master to master;
from Dhamma to Dhamma; .... "I want to be stuck," want to think, think
maliciously, think about harm, think about sticking, entangled, bound, attached,
fixed, obstacles, such as objects on a wall pile or a wall nail, the upper part
is stuck, entangled, bound, attached, fixed, obstructed. In the same way, wanted
to be thought, malicious thought, persecuted, seen to be stuck, entangled,
bound, adhered, obstructed, obstacle.

"After the wise man takes the Dhamma (lit. the Vedas Dhamma)": The "wise man" is
the wise man, the enlightened man, the distinguished man, and the wise man who
has given up his craving for adhesion. After breaking the adhesion of the mind,
one will not be contaminated in what you see; not contaminated in what you
smell; not contaminated in what you feel; not contaminated, not strongly
contaminated, not closely contaminated, no longer contaminated, no longer
strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated closely. He has left, has
departed, has been liberated, has been freed from bondage, he dwells with an
unrestrained heart.

"In the Vedas," the Vedas are called wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom,
enlightenment, investigation, vipassanā, right view in the four realms. For
those who have reached the ultimate (target) in the Vedas, those who have
reached the ultimate, have reached the end; those who have reached the end, have
reached the boundary (ultimate); those who have reached the boundary, have
reached the end; those who have reached the end, have arrived at the shelter;
those who have reached the shelter, have reached the refuge; those who have
reached the refuge, have reached safety; those who have reached safety, have
reached no terror; those who have reached no terror, have reached no death;
those who have reached no death, have reached the undeath; those who have
reached the undeath, have reached extinction; those who have reached extinction,
have reached the Nibbāna. Or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who
knows the Vedas, or the known state of the seven dhammas is the one who knows
the Vedas: seeing is knowns suspicion is known, abstinence is known, greed is
known, hatred is known, ignorance is known, conceit is known, and its evil and
unwholesome methods are known: contaminated, again, fearful, suffering, the
future will live and die.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 534]  
"Select all the Vedas,  
All those belonging to the Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas that exist here,  
He is free from greed in all feelings,  
And after surpassing all Vedas, he is one who knows the Vedas well."

"After the wise man took the Dhamma": Union, after seeing the Dhamma: "All
actions are impermanent" as the union, after seeing the Dhamma, "all actions are
suffering" ..., "all dhammas are non-self" ..., "formation is dependent on
ignorance" ..., "consciousness is based on formation" ..., name and form..., six
sense bases..., touch (contact)..., feeling..., (emotion...,) craving...,
(becoming...,), birth..., old age and death...; extinguishment by the death of
ignorance, undertaking to perish and be extinguished, extinguishing by knowing
and by name, extinguishing by name and appearance and in six sense bases,
extinguishing by touch in six sense bases, the extinction of touch, ...the
extinction of thirst..., ...by thirst and love..., ...to be born and to die
out...; ..."this is suffering"..., this is the collection of suffering, this is
the cessation of suffering, this is the path leading to (the cessation of)
suffering; these are the defilements, this is the collection of defilements,
this is the cessation of defilement, this is the path leading to the cessation
defilements; these dhammas should be proven, these dhammas should be known,
these dhammas should be widely known, these dhammas should be cut off, these
dhammas should be practiced, these dhammas should be testified to; gathering,
extinction, pleasure, affliction, and renunciation of the six touch points...,
gathering, ..., of the five aggregates..., ...of the four major species; "any
collection of dhammas is extinguishing of the dhammas"..., as the union, after
seeing the Dhamma.

"The wise man does not go high and low": He does not go from master to master,
does not go from the narration of the Dhamma to the narration of the Dhamma,
...(omitted) "The wise one," the wise one is the great wise one, the quick wise
one, the wiser, the insightful one; as the earth is called wide, he has the same
vast and expanding wisdom as the earth.

> 28 &middot; He is a person who has left the legion in all dhammas:  
Everything seen or heard,  
Who can classify (him) in this world,  
Who has seen and opened up like this?

"He is the one who has left the legion in all dhammas: whatever he sees or hears
and perceives": The legion is called the demon army, the bodily evil act is the
devil army; the evil act of speech is the devil army; the evil act of intention
is the devil army; hatred is...; ignorance is...; anger is...; ...(omitted); all
bad works are the devil army.

This was said by the Blessed One: [Sn.3.2]  
"Desire is your first legion,  
Unhappiness is called second,  
Hunger and thirst are your third,  
And thirst (love) is called fourth.  
Deep sleep is your fifth,  
Fear is said to be sixth,  
Doubt is your seventh,  
And stubbornness is your eighth.  
He who has a respectful reputation,  
And the reputation gained by mistakes (wrongfully),  
Who would praise oneself and contempt others.  
Devil! This is your legion,  
Evil (black) attacker,  
Those who have no courage will not defeat him,  
And they will get peace after victory."

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, he is called
the one who leaves the legion. He is the one who leaves the legion in what he
sees; the one who leaves the legion in what he hears; the one who leaves the
legion in the sense; the one who leaves the legion in the knowledge.

"The one who sees this way, the one who has opened up": The one who sees this
purity, the one who sees purely, the one whose vision is pure; the one who sees
clearly, the one who sees all-purely, or the pure seer, seeing purely, seeing
cleanly, seeing clearly and purely. "Opened," there are coverings of craving,
covering of seeing, covering of pollution, covering of evil deeds, covering of
ignorance; those coverings have been opened, have been destroyed, have been
unlocked, have been completely unlocked, have been cut off, have been severed,
have been calmed down, have ceased, cannot arise, have been burned by the fire
of wisdom. "Walker," the walker, the dweller, the actor, the on-goer, the
guardian, and the survivor.

"Who can classify (him) in this world": "Classification," there are two
classifications: the classification of craving and the classification of
seeing.... For him, the classification of craving has been cut off, the
classification of seeing has been cut off.... According to what type of greed
can be classified, what type of anger can be classified, ...? The state in which
the deeds have been cut off...? He has no cause, no fate.... "In the world," in
the world of suffering....

> 29 &middot; They don't construct or pay attention (to views),  
Don't say "it is pure,"  
After leaving the bondage of clinging,  
They do not have desires no matter where in the world.

"They do not construct and pay no attention": "Construction," there are two
types of constructions: .... For them, the construction of thirst has been cut
off, .... They do not construct, do not make, to not make it to arise, do not
make the construction of craving or the construction of view. They do not
construct. "No attention (no preference)," There are two types of attention:
.... For them, the attention of thirst has been cut off....

"They don't say 'It's really pure'": It's really pure, pure reincarnation, the
view of non-action, constant theory, they don't say, don't tell, don't talk,
don't explain, don't say.

"After leaving the bondage of clinging": "Binding," there are four types of
binding: the greedy body binding, the malicious body binding, the forbidden body
binding, '(only) this is true' binding [SN.45.175]. The greed of one's own view
is the bond of greed, the anger and dissatisfaction of others are the bond of
malicious body; "holding one's own precepts or prohibitions" is the body binding
of precepts and prohibitions, and one's own view (holding body binding
[Ni.13,147]) is '(only) this is the real binding' body binding. For what reason
is it called grasping bindings? With those bindings, they seize, cling, hold,
grasp, take, and receive..., thinking..., doing..., knowing..., incarnation...,
death..., existence..., reincarnation..., in the cycle they grasp, cling, hold,
take, and cling to, for this reason they are called clinging binding. "After
leaving," after giving up on the binding, after giving up, either on the
binding, on the bondage, on the expansion of the binding, on the entangled, on
the attached, on the fixed, on the obstacles, after shaking off the binding,
after being left behind; such as with a sedan chair, or carriage, wagon truck,
or chariot that transports (people), after they are released (get off), the
clinging to that place is destroyed, in the same way, after giving up on the
binding, it is after leaving, or on the bondage..., after having shaken off the
fixed, obstructed, and bound.

"They don't make wishes (have desires) no matter where they are in the world":
Wishes are called cravings, which are greed.... "Don't make wishes," the wish,
they do not do, do not produce, do not arise, to not make it to be produced.

"No matter where," no matter where, wherever, inside or outside or (both) inside
and outside. "In the world," in the world of suffering, the world of humans, the
world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of
places.

> 30 &middot; The Brāhmaṇa who has crossed the boundary,  
After knowing and seeing,  
There are people who are not greedy,  
And people who are not free from greed.  
For him, there is nothing grasped as the highest here.

"The Brāhmaṇa who has crossed the boundary, not holding tightly after knowing
and seeing": "Boundary," there are four boundaries: heretical views, doubting,
handling ceremonial observances, and the latent troubles, as well as the
pollution that coexists with (them), this is the first type of boundary; the
thick desire knot, the disgust knot, the thick potential trend of desire and
greed, the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution that
coexists with (them), this is the second boundary; the remaining desire and
greed knots, disgust knots, the remaining potential trends of desire and greed
troubles, the potential trends of disgust troubles, and the pollution that
coexists with (them), this is the third boundary; lust, formless greed, conceit,
aversion, ignorance, the latent trend of conceit troubles, the latent trend of
greed troubles, the latent trend of ignorant troubles, and the pollution that
coexists with (them) is the fourth boundary. When these four boundaries are
crossed, surpassed, and overcome by the Four Holy Paths, they are said to have
crossed the boundaries. "Brāhmaṇa," .... "For him," for the Arahant, for the one
who has exhausted his troubles.

"After knowing," after knowing it in his mind, or knowing it with the wisdom of
reminiscences of previous lives. "After seeing," after seeing with naked eyes,
or seeing with heavenly eyes. "The Brāhmaṇa who has crossed the boundary does
not hold tightly after he knew it and saw it": For him, "This is the highest,
the first, the most victorious, the winning, the top," being held, clung to,
attached, taken, believed, he does not, does not exist, is not known, is not
discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable to arise,
burned by the fire of wisdom.

"There are people who are not greedy, and people who are not free from greed":
The people who are greedy are called all the five types of desires who are
greedy, tied, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed. The person
who is free from greed is called the supreme greed, greed, lust, bound,
obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in the realm of materiality
and non-materiality. "There are those who are not greedy, and those who are not
free from greed." Because desire, greed, formed greed and formless greed have
been cut off, the roots have been cut off, like a palm tree without roots,
becoming a non-living thing for the future, in this case, there are those who
are greedy, and those who are not greedy.

"For him there is nothing held as the highest here": "For him," for the Arahant,
for the one who has exhausted troubles. For him, "This is the highest and first,
...," does not, does not exist, is not known, ..., and burned by the fire of
wisdom.

\newpage
