### 4. Purity

23. I see purity: the highest, disease-free, a human being completely purified
    by seeing (views),
When he knows that "this is the highest", when he knows this way, "he is the
    pure one who observes", he returns to wisdom.

"I see purity: the highest, disease-free": "I see purity", I see purity, I look
at purity, I watch purity, I observe purity. "The highest disease-free", the
highest, the disease-free , the one who reaches the sanctuary, the one who
reaches the refuge, the one who reaches the shelter, the one who reaches no
fear, the one who reaches the immortality, the one who reaches the extinction,
the one who reaches Nibbāna.

"Complete purity by seeing": To see the form with the eyes is to see the
purity, purification, and complete purity of a person; detachment, liberation,
and disengagement, and a person becomes pure, purified, and completely pure;
freed, detached, liberated everywhere.

"When he knows this way, he knows that "it is the highest": When this way is
known, certain, and penetrated. "This is the highest, the first, the most
superior, the victorious, the top, the highest." After he knows, understands,
weighs, judges, separates, and clarifies.

"'He is the one who observes in purity', he returns to wisdom": Whoever sees
purity, he is the one who observes purity. "He returns to wisdom." He who sees
form with eye awareness returns to "wisdom"; returns to the Path, returns to the
Exit.

24. If someone is pure by seeing, or if he gives up suffering through wisdom,
Then there are those who rely on other (things) to be come pure; it should be
    said that he is indeed such a speaker.

"If someone is pure by seeing": To see the form with our eyes...(omitted, see
previous).

"Or if he can give up suffering with wisdom": If he can see with his eyes, and
see if one gives up life and suffering, old age suffering, sickness, death, and
sorrow, grief, despair and suffering.

"There are those who rely on others to become pure": With other things, impure
ways, evil ways, and non-existence, in addition to (besides) mindfulness, in
addition to all right work, in addition to the divine bases, in addition to the
roots, in addition to the strengths, in addition to the enlightenment, in
addition to the eight branches of the holy path, man becomes pure, becomes
purified, becomes pure throughout; is freed, liberated, and departed from all
over. The "reliant" are those who have greed, hatred, ignorance, sloth, thirst,
(evil) seers, polluters, and clingers.

"It should be said that he is indeed such a speaker": The one who sees (these
views) and speaks: Like this, this person is (one with) a wrong view, a reverse
view. "It is such a speaker", is such a speaker, narrator, sayer, explainer,
speaker: "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else is empty."
Such a speaker... "The world is very constant... (omitted, see previous
sections)...." Such a sayer, narrator, talker, interpreter, and speaker.

25. Brahmans do not say purity comes from others (things or views), or in what
    they see, hear, or precepts and prohibitions, or feel,
Not being contaminated by merit and evil, abandoning what is taken (up), without
    making (anything) here.

"Brahmins are not pure from others, in what they see, hear, precepts and
prohibitions or perceptions": "Not" means negation. "Brahman", the excluded
state of the Seven Dhamma is Brahman: ...(omitted, see previous sections)

Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 524]

"After all evil is eliminated, the state of standing of the good entrant from the
    scale,
After he transcends reincarnation, he becomes a consummation. Those who are not
    dependent, like this, can be called a Brahman."

"Brahmins do not say purity is from others", With other things ..., the Brahman
does not speak, say, talk, or explain, does not say.

"In what they see, hear, precepts and prohibition, or perceptions." Some Samaṇa
and Brahmins regard seeing as pure. They believe (identify) seeing certain forms
as auspicious, and believe that seeing certain forms as unlucky. What kind of
sight do they believe is auspicious? In the early morning they saw the
auspicious forms: seeing sparrows, seeing the gorgeous and colorful Wiluwa (??)
trees, ...pregnant women, ...boy walking behind the shoulders (on the shoulders
of a man), the (??) already full of urns, Samaṇas, horses, horse carts, bulls,
oxen; they believe that seeing things like that is auspicious. What kinds of
sights do they believe are unlucky? Seeing the straw pile, ...the butter urn,
the empty urn, the dancers, the nude fake Samaṇas, the mule, the donkey carriage
ride, the single yoke ride, the one-eyed person, hand deformity, the lame
person, the half-body, the elderly, and the sick; they believe that it is
unlucky to see things like that. These are those Samaṇas and Brahmins who see
what they see as pure.

Some Samaṇa and Brahmins regard what they hear is pure. They believe that
hearing certain sounds is auspicious, and they believe that hearing certain
sounds is unlucky. Which sounds do they believe are auspicious? In the early
morning they heard an auspicious voice: "Boost (rich word??)", or "precious
(expensive)", or "full", or "gorgeous", or "worry-free", or "good will", or
"good star", or "good luck", or "lucky", or "luck increase"; they believe that
hearing sounds like this is auspicious. Which sounds do they believe are
unlucky? "One-eye", or "hand deformity", or "lame", or "half-body", or
"elderly", or "patient (sick)", or "dead", or "cut", or "broken", or "burned",
or "disappeared", or "none"; they believe that hearing sounds like this is
unlucky.

Some Samaṇas and Brahmins regard precepts as purity. They believe that the
degree of precept, the degree of (self) restraint, the degree of self-control,
and the degree of non-violation are pure, clean.... Samaṇa Mudi Gezhizi (son
of...??) said: Homeowner! I have established that the men who possess the four
methods are those who have goodness, the highest of goodness, those who obtain
the supreme attainment, and the Samaṇa (does not exist) who cannot overcome
them. Which four? Homeowner! Here, he does not act evil deeds, does not speak
evil words, does not intend with evil intentions, does not live a life of evil,
owner! I have established that the man who possesses these four methods is the
one who has goodness, the supreme one who is good, the one who is supremely
attained, and the unsurpassable Samaṇa [MN.78]. Similarly, some Samaṇas and
Brahmins regard precepts as pure.

Some Samaṇa and Brahmins regard the prohibition as pure. They are those who
guard (prohibit) the elephant, or the horse, or the cow, or the dog, or the
crow, or Vishnu God restrainer (??), or force and heaven (??), or the sage, or
the pearl sage, or the fire, or the dragon, or the golden-winged bird, or the
Yakkha, or the asura, or the Gandhabba, or the great king, or the moon, or the
sun, or the Indra, or the Brahma, or the heaven (possible duplicate of the
previous??), or the position.

Some Samaṇas and Brahmins consider what they feel is pure. They touch the earth,
in the early morning, touch grass, cow dung, turtle, hoe, sesame carrier, chew
auspicious sesame seeds, chew auspicious oil, chew auspicious tooth wood, bathe
with auspicious soil, wear auspicious clothes, and wrap a lucky headscarf.

"In what you see, hear, precepts and prohibitions, or perception", Brahman does
not say purity is in what he sees; he does not say purity is in what he hears;
he is not pure by precepts; he is not pure by prohibitions; and he is not (pure)
by what he feels. Purity means purity; don't tell, don't talk, don't explain,
don't speak.

"Not to be polluted in virtue and evil": Virtue is called all the good works of
the three realms, and non-benefit (evil) is called all unwholesome (works).
Because the good deeds and non-blessings and immovable deeds are cut off, the
root has been cut off...(omitted, see previous sections), in this case, it is
not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated in virtue
and evil, no longer contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer
contaminated closely. He has left, has departed, has been freed, has been freed
from bondage, he lives with the heart of being free and restricted (dwells away
from the restrained heart??).

"Abandon what you take, and those who don't make (anything) here": "Abandon
what you take" means forsaking my vision; "abandon what you take" means
forsaking perseverance; "abandon what you take" means holding on because of
craving for love and seeing, all that is held, clinging, taking, and faithful to
understand (to the understanding of??) are all abandoned, spit out, released,
dismissed, and discontinued by him. "Those who do not make here", the one that
is not making blessings (kamma??), the one that is not made to be born, the one
that is not to be produced, the one that is not to be born (making to arise??),
the one that is not to be born.

26. After cutting off the previous one (view, master, teacher, etc.) and
    becoming the subsequent follower (of the next one), the disturbed followers
    to not cross the tie,
They pick up (views, masters, etc.) and let go, like a monkey grabbing a branch
    and letting go.

"Rejecting the former and becoming the subsequent followers": After the former
master, becoming the follower (adherent) of other masters; ...narratives of
previous methods (Dhammas)...; ...masses (groups)...; ...views...; ...paths....
Those who are completely dependent, adherents (followers), entrants, dyers (??),
and those who turn their minds towards (victory).

"Followers who are disturbed do not get through the tie (stain??)": Disturbance
is called craving, which is greed.... "Disturbed followers", the disturbed
follower, the perturbed follower, the one who is taken down by the disturbance,
the overthrown, the conquered, the one whose heart is overtaken. "They don't get
through the tie", the greed tie, the hatred tie, the sloth tie, the polluted
tie, the evil doings tie, they don't get over, don't transcend, don't pass,
don't cross, don't overcome.

"They pick up and let go": They grab a master, let go of that one and then grab
other masters; ...the narration of the dhamma...; the crowd, the view, the
path..., they grab and let go, take and let go.

"Like a monkey grabbing a branch and letting it go": Like a monkey roaming in
the woods and forests grabbing a branch, letting go of that branch and then
grabbing another branch [SN.12.61], the same, most of the Samaṇa and brāhmaṇas
catch and let go; take and let go of the evil opinions of the majority.

27. After a person is restrained by himself, he wants to adhere to him (his
    views and/or perceptions??) high and low,
After the wise man takes the Dhamma (lit. The Vedas Dhamma), the wise man does
    not go high and low.

"After a person is restrained by himself": "holding oneself" means holding by
oneself (self-sustaining). "Prohibition", ...; after he takes it, after holding,
after assuming, after grasping, after attachment. "Man", Sentient beings, human
beings....

"Adhering to him and walking high and low": He walked from master to master;
from Dhamma to Dhamma; .... "I want to be stuck", want to think, think
maliciously, think about harm, think about sticking, entangled, bound, attached,
fixed, obstacles, such as objects on a wall pile or a wall nail, the upper part
(??) is stuck, entangled, bound, attached, fixed, obstructed. In the same way,
wanted to be thought, malicious thought, persecuted, seen to be stuck,
entangled, bound, adhered, obstructed, obstacle.

"After the wise man takes the Dhamma (lit. The Vedas Dhamma)": The "wise man"
...(omitted, see previous sections). "In the Vedas", the Vedas are called
wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment, investigation,
vipassanā, right view in the four realms. For those who have reached the
ultimate (target) in the Vedas, those who have reached the ultimate, have
reached the end; those who have reached the end, have reached the boundary
(ultimate); those who have reached the boundary, have reached the end; those who
have reached the end, have arrived at the shelter; those who have reached the
shelter, have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, have
reached the place of return (??); those who have reached the place of return
(??), have reached no terror; those who have reached no terror, have reached no
death; those who have reached no death, have reached the undeath; those who have
reached the undeath, have reached extinction; those who have reached extinction,
have reached the Nibbāna. Or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who
knows the Vedas, or the known state of the Seven Dhamma is the one who knows the
Vedas: seeing is knowns Suspicion is known, abstinence is known, greed is known,
hatred is known, ignorance is known, conceit is known, and its evil and
unwholesome methods are known: contaminated, again, fearful, suffering, the
future will live and die.

Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 534]

"Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Samaṇas and Brahmins that
    exist here,
He is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is one
    who knows the Vedas well."

"After the wise man took the Dhamma (lit. Vedas Dhamma)": Union, after seeing
the Dhamma: "All actions are impermanent" as the union, after seeing the Dhamma,
"All actions are suffering" ..., "All dhammas are non-self" ..., "being based on
ignorance and having action (action is based on ignorance??)" ..., "knowing with
action depends on knowing"..., there are names and forms..., there are six sense
bases with name and form as preconditions, there are touches with six sense
bases as preconditions, there are feelings with touches as preconditions, taking
for the sake of the predestined condition (??), living as precondition for
existence, being predestined for existence and age and death, extinguishment by
the death of ignorance, undertaking to perish and be extinguished, extinguishing
by knowing and by name, extinguishing by name and appearance and in six sense
bases, extinguishing by touch in six sense bases, to be destroyed (to destroy??)
by touching, ...by extinction and thirst (??)..., ...by thirst and love...,
...to be born and to die out...; ..."this is suffering"..., this is the
collection of suffering, this is the cessation of suffering, this is the path
leading to (the cessation of) suffering; these are the defilements, this is the
collection of defilements, this is the defilement of defilements (??), this is
the path leading to (freedom from??) defilements; these dhammas should be
proven, these dhammas should be known, these dhammas should be widely known,
these dhammas should be cut off, these dhammas should be practiced, these
dhammas should be testified to; gathering, extinction, pleasure, affliction, and
renunciation of the six touch points..., gathering, ..., of the five
aggregates..., ...of the four major species(??); "any collection of Dhamma is
extinguishing (an extinction of??) the Dhamma"..., as the union, after seeing
the Dhamma.

"The wise man does not go high and low": He does not go from master to master,
does not go from the narration of the Dhamma to the narration of the Dhamma,
...(omitted) "The wise one", the wise one is the great wise one, the quick wise
one, the wiser, the insightful one; as the earth is called wide, he has the same
vast and expanding wisdom as the earth.

28. He is a person who has left the legion in all dhammas: everything seen or
    heard,
Who can classify (him) in this world, who has seen and opened up like this
    (openly??)?

"He is the one who has left the legion in all dhammas: whatever he sees or hears
and perceives": The legion is called the demon army, the bodily evil  act is
the devil army; the evil act of speech is the devil army; the evil act of
intention is the devil army; hatred is...; ignorance is...; anger is...;
...(omitted); all bad works are the devil army.

This is said by the Blessed One: [Sn.3.2, 438-441]
"Desire is your first legion, unhappiness is called second,
Hunger and thirst are your third, and thirst is called fourth.
Deep sleep is your fifth, fear is said to be sixth,
Doubt is your seventh, and stubbornness is your eighth.
He who has a respectful reputation, and the reputation gained by mistakes (wrongly),
Who would praise himself and contempt others.
Devil! This is your legion, evil attacker,
Those who have no courage will not defeat him, and they will get peace after
    victory."

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, he is called
the one who leaves the legion. He is the one who leaves the legion in what he
sees; the one who leaves the legion in what he hears; the one who leaves the
legion in the sense; the one who leaves the legion in the knowledge.

"The one who sees this way, the one who has opened up": The one who sees this
purity, the one who sees purely, the one who sees all the pure (dhammas??); the
one who sees clearly, the one who sees all the pure (dhammas??), or the pure
seer, seeing purely, seeing cleanly, seeing clearly and purely. "Opened", there
are coverings of craving, covering of seeing, covering of pollution, covering of
evil deeds, covering of ignorance; those coverings have been opened, have been
destroyed, have been unlocked, have been completely unlocked, have been cut off,
have been severed, have been calmed down, have ceased, cannot arise, have been
burned by the fire of wisdom. "Walker,", the walker, the dweller, the actor, the
turner, the guardian, and the survivor.

"Who can classify (him) in this world": "Classification", there are two
classifications: the classification of craving and the classification of
seeing.... For him, the classification of craving has been cut off, the
classification of seeing has been cut off.... According to what kind of greed
can be classified, what kind of anger can be classified, ...? The state in which
the deeds have been cut off...? He has no cause, no fate.... "In the world", in
the world of suffering....

29. They don't construct or pay attention (to views), don't say "it is pure",
After leaving the bondage of clinging, they do not have desires no matter where
    in the world.

"They do not construct and pay no attention": "Construction", there are two
kinds of constructions: .... For them, the construction of thirst has been cut
off, .... They do not construct, do not make, to not make it to arise, do not
make the construction of craving or the construction of view. They do not
construct it (them). "No attention (no preference)", There are two kinds of
attention: .... For them, the attention of thirst has been cut off....

"They don't say "It's really pure": It's really pure, reincarnation pure
no-work view (??), constant theory, they don't say, don't tell, don't talk,
don't explain, don't say.

"After leaving the bondage of clinging (to the binding??)": "Binding", there
are four types of binding: the greedy body binding, the malicious body binding,
the forbidden body binding, '(only) this is true' binding [SN.45.175]. The greed
of one's own view is the bond of greed, the anger and dissatisfaction of others
are the bond of malicious body; "holding one's own precepts or prohibitions or
precepts (??)" is the body binding of precepts and prohibitions, and one's own
view (holding body binding [Ni.13,147]) is '(only) this is the real binding'
body binding. For what reason is it called grasping bindings? With those
bindings, they seize, cling, hold, grasp, take, and receive..., thinking...,
doing..., knowing..., incarnation..., death..., existence..., reincarnation...,
in the cycle they grasp, cling, hold, take, and cling to, for this reason they
are called clinging binding. "After leaving", after giving up on the binding,
after giving up, either on the binding, on the bondage, on the expansion of the
binding, on the entangled, on the attached, on the fixed, on the obstacles,
after shaking off the binding, after being left behind, such as sedan chair, or
carriage, wagon truck, or chariot that should be transported (people, things)
after they are released (get off), they are placed and destroyed (??), in the
same way, after giving up on the binding, it is after leaving, or on the
bondage..., after having shaken off the fixed, obstructed, and bound.

"They don't make wishes (have desires) no matter where they are in the world":
Wishes are called cravings, which are greed.... "Don't make wishes", the wish,
they do not do, do not produce, do not arise, to not make it to be produced. "No
matter where", .... "In the world", ....

30. The Brahman who has crossed the boundary, after knowing and seeing,
There are people who are not greedy, and people who are not free from greed. For
    him, there is nothing grasped as the highest here.

"The Brahman who has crossed the boundary, not holding tightly after knowing and
seeing": "Boundary", there are four boundaries: seeing, doubting, abstaining
from taking (prohibitions??), and seeing the potential trend of troubles, and
the pollution that coexists with (them), this is the first kind of boundary; the
thick desire knot, the disgust knot, the thick potential trend of desire and
greed, the potential trend of disgust and trouble, and the pollution that
coexists with (them), this is the second boundary; the remaining desire and
greed knots, disgust knots, the remaining potential trends of desire and greed
troubles, the potential trends of disgust troubles, and the pollution that
coexists with (them), this is the third boundary; lust, formless greed, conceit,
aversion, ignorance, the latent trend of conceit troubles, the latent trend of
greed troubles, the latent trend of ignorant troubles, and the pollution that
coexists with (them) is the fourth boundary. When these four boundaries are
crossed, surpassed, and overcome by the Four Holy Paths, they are said to have
crossed the boundaries. "Brahman", .... "For him", for the Arahant; for the one
who has exhausted his troubles.

"After knowing", after knowing it in his mind, or knowing it with the wisdom of
reminiscences of previous lives. "After seeing", after seeing with naked eyes,
or seeing with heavenly eyes. "The Brahman who has crossed the boundary does not
hold tightly after he knew it and saw it": For him, "This is the highest, the
first, the most victorious, the winning, the top," being held, clung to,
attached, taken, believed, he does not, does not exist, is not known, is not
discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable to arise,
burned by the fire of wisdom.

"There are people who are not greedy, and people who are not free from greed":
The people who are greedy are called all the five kinds of desires who are
greedy, tied, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed. The person
who is free from greed is called the supreme greed, greed, lust, bound,
obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in the realm of materiality
and non-materiality. "There are those who are not greedy, and those who are not
free from greed." Because desire, greed, formed greed and formless greed have
been cut off, the roots have been cut off, like a palm tree without roots,
becoming a non-living thing for the future, in this case, there are those who
are greedy, and those who are not greedy.

"For him there is no highest being (thing) held here": "For him", for the
Arahant; for the one who has exhausted troubles. For him, "This is the highest
and first, ...," does not, does not exist, is not known, ..., and burned by the
fire of wisdom.

\newpage
