### 5. The Supreme

> 31 &middot; Those who stay in the "highest" (view),  
Those who are higher in the world,  
From there, he says that all others are "inferior,"  
So he cannot overcome dispute.

"Those who stay in the 'highest' view": Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas are of evil
views. They take one of the sixty-two evil views as: "This is the highest, the
first, the most victorious, the superior, the top." After grasping, holding,
picking up, clinging, taking, they live, live in, stay in, such as living in the
family's home, or the guilty person living in sin, or the polluted living in the
pollution. Similarly, some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas are of evil views, and they use
one of the sixty-two evil views, seen as: "This is the highest...." After
grasping..., and say in each view.

"Whoever is higher in the world": "Whoever" is whichever. "Is higher," to be the
higher, the first and the most triumphant, superior, supreme, the winner, the
top. "This master is all-wise," he is the superior, the first, the highest, and
the most top; "this Dhamma is said by the good..., this group follows the
good... this seeing is good... this Path is based on the good... this Path is
renunciation."

"Man" is sentient beings, human beings, student Brāhmaṇas, people, individuals,
lives, those born to people, those born to Indā, and Manu. "In the world," in
the world of suffering, in the world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the
world of aggregates, in the world of realms, in the world of being.

"From there he said that all other people are 'inferior'": Except for his own
master, the narration of the Dhamma, the group, the view, the path, the way, he
abandons, uproots, and surrounds all dissent: "That master is not the wise, the
Dhamma is not said to be good, (its) groups (of people) are not those who do
what is good, seeing is not good, the path is not set up by the good, the path
is not detached, there is no purity here, or purification, or all over pure; or
free, or liberated, or all out, it's inferior, despicable, low, trivial,
inferior intent, insignificant." Says so, speaks so, talks so, explains so.

"Therefore dispute cannot be overcome": "Therefore," therefore; the reason; the
cause; the condition; the cause. "Disputes," quarrels, disputes, arguments, and
disagreements. "Not to be overcome," not to be traversed, not to be crossed, not
to be overcome.

> 32 &middot; Anyone who sees benefits in himself,  
In what he sees, hears, in precepts and prohibitions, or feels,  
After holding it tightly there,  
He looks at everything else as despicable.

"Anyone who sees benefits in himself in what he sees, hears, in precepts and
prohibitions, or what he feels": "Himself" is his self. He is called (one who
has the) evil view, and he sees two benefits of their own view: the benefit in
life and the benefit in the afterlife. What is the life benefit of seeing (this
view)? Every view that the master has, so do the disciples. For that view of the
master, the disciples respect, admire, adore, and respect, because of that he
gets clothes, food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical necessities,
this is the immediate benefit of seeing. What is the afterlife benefit of seeing
(this view)? "This view is enough to become the state of the dragon (dragon
world), or the state of the golden-winged bird, or the state of the Yakkha, or
the state of Asura, or the state of Gandhabba, or the state of the king, or the
state of Indā, or the state of Brahma, or the state of heaven, this view is
pure, clean, all pure; detachment, liberation, breaking away, from all over, to
see them become pure, to become purified, to become pure; to be detached, to be
liberated, to be freed, to see that I will become pure, to become purified, to
become pure; to escape, be liberated, and be detached everywhere." He sees the
two benefits of his own vision..., he sees the two benefits of the purity of
what he saw..., he sees the two benefits of the purity of what he heard..., he
sees the two benefits of the purity of the precepts..., he sees the two benefits
of the purity of prohibition..., he sees two benefits of purity: the benefits of
the present life and the benefits of the afterlife. What is the immediate
benefit of perceived purity? Whatever the master sees, the disciples also
have... (omitted). What is the benefit of the perceived purity of the afterlife?
This view is enough to become (one in) the state of the dragon (dragon realm)...
(omitted). He sees, stares at, contemplates, and observes the two benefits of
perceived purity.

"After holding tightly to that there": "Just that" is the evil view. "There," in
their own views, in their likes, in their inclinations, in their opinions "After
holding tightly," "This is the highest, the first...," after he holds, grasps,
picks up, clings to it.

"To look at everything else as despicable": He thinks, sees, gazes,
contemplates, observes other masters, the narration of the Dhamma, the group,
the view, the way, the Path, as inferior, despicable, low, trivial, inferior
intent, insignificant.

> 33 &middot; Skilled people say that it is a bond:  
Those who depend on others and those who look at others as bad,  
Therefore, Bhikkhus should not be attached  
To what they see or hear or feel.

"Skillful ones say that it is a bond": "Skillful ones," those who possess skill,
those skilled in the realm, those who are dependent on the skillful, those who
mindful of the skillful, those who are diligent and skillful, the sacred and
skillful, the root and the skillful, the good, those who are righteous, the
skilful in the Path, the skillful in the Fruit, the skillful people of Nibbāna,
those skillful ones say this: "This is the unsagely Dhamma, this is not the
Dhamma of the sage, this is the Dhamma of the fool, this is not the Dhamma of
the wise, this is the Dhamma of the non-good people, this is not the Dhamma of
the good people." Those clever ones say: "This is the bond, this is adhesion,
this is bondage, and this is an obstacle." They tell, speak, explain, and say
so.

"Those who are dependent and those who look at others are inferior": "Whoever is
dependent," on the master, the narration of the Dhamma.... "Look at others as
inferior." He thinks, sees..., other masters, the narration of Dhamma...,
insignificant.

"Therefore, the Bhikkhu should not adhere to what he sees or hears or feels. The
bhikkhu should not adhere to the precepts and prohibitions." "Therefore," ...,
for that cause he should not adhere to, should not hold, there should be no
clinging to what you see, or what you hear, or what you feel, or the precepts,
or the prohibitions.

> 23 &middot; It (a view) should not be built in the world,  
By wisdom or precept and prohibition,  
One should not lead oneself to be "equal,"  
Nor considered inferior or superior.

"It should not be built in the world, by wisdom or precept and prohibition": It
should not be built with eight levels of wisdom, or five divine powers, or evil
wisdom, or precept, or prohibition, or precept and prohibition; not to build,
make it produced, make it arise, make it appear. "In the world," ....

"You should not guide yourself to be 'equal'": You should not be guided, by
birth, or surname, or good family, or beauty as a lotus, or property, or
research (acquisition), or career, or skill, or study, or by the word, or
argument, or use something to lead oneself as "I am equal."

"Nor should be considered inferior or superior": You should not be guided, by
birth, ...(omitted)..., as "I am inferior." You should not be guided..., as "I
am superior."

> 35 &middot; After he has given up what he has gained,  
Becoming a non-taking person,  
He does not rely on wisdom,  
He is indeed not a member of the divided group,  
And he does not return to anything (view).

"Giving up what has been gained and become the person without taking": "Giving
up of what has been gained" refers to the abandonment of 'mine' after seeing;
"giving up of what has been gained" refers to the abandonment of self; "because
of thirsting, seeing, grasping, holding, clinging, taking, and believing, after
he has given up, after he has discarded, after being driven away, after the end,
and after he has made it go to non-existence," is the result of discarding what
has been obtained. "The one who does not take," of four types: the one who does
not take, the one who does not hold, the one who does not cling, the one who
does not persist.

"He also does not rely on wisdom": He does not use eight levels to achieve
wisdom, or use the five gods to power wisdom, or use evil wisdom to establish,
produce, make to arise, and give birth to the dependence of thirst for love or
relying on seeing.

"He really is not a member of the divided group": He really is not in the
divided, broken, falling into two (contradictory), arising two (doubts),
different opinions, different likes, different inclinations, different claims,
dependents of different opinions, those who should not behave if they desire,
those who shouldn't behave if they want, those who shouldn't behave in abusive
ways, those who shouldn't behave in foolish ways, and those who should not be
afraid, among those who do not follow desires, those who do not want to behave,
those who are not abusive, those who are not foolish, those who do not follow
terror, they should not behave because of greed, and those who are not abusive,
don't walk because of ignorance, don't walk because of conceit, don't walk
because of seeing, don't walk away because of seeing, don't walk because of
suspicion, don't walk because of potential troubles, and don't be driven or
guided by discord and legality, carried, conquered.

"He does not return to any view": For him, the sixty-two evil views have been
cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable to arise, burned by the fire of
wisdom, and he will not return, nor return to any bad views.

> 36 &middot; There is no vow on either sides for him here:  
For all types of existence, here or in other world,  
For him, any existence does not exist,  
Which is held tightly after being selected among Dhammas.

"There is no vow on both sides for him": "For him," for the Arahant, for the one
who has exhausted his troubles. "Side," touch is one side, touch collection is
the second side; the past is one side, the future is the second side; pleasure
is one side, suffering is the second side; formlessness called one side, form is
the second side; the six inside is one side, and the six outside is the second
side; there is body as one side, and the body collection is the second side.
Vows are called cravings, which are the roots of greed....

"For all types of existence": all types of existence, .... "Here": one's own
individual, "in the other world": other individuals; "here": one's own body and
perception, "in other world": others' body and perception; "here": six inner
places, "in the other world": the six outer places; "here": the human world, "in
the other world": the heavenly world; "here": the desire world, "in the other
world": the physical world, the non-material world; here": the desire realm,
material realm, "in the other world": formless realm. "Any vows on both sides
for him are not here: for all types of existence, here or in another world": Any
vows for him on both sides, for all types of existence, here or in other worlds,
cravings, they don't exist, are not known, not discovered, they have been cut
off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of
wisdom.

"For him, any dwelling (existence) does not exist": "Dwelling," there are two
types of dwelling: the dwelling of thirsting and the dwelling of seeing.... "For
him," .... "For him any dwelling does not exist": For him, any dwelling does not
exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed down,
stopped, cannot arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom.

"After being selected in the Dhammas, it is held tightly": "In the Dhamma," in
the sixty-two evil views. "After selection," after decision, after judgment,
after measurement, after evaluation, after judgment, after separation, after
clarification. "To be grasped," limited grasp, partial grasp, uppermost grasp,
fixed amount grasp, accumulation grasp: this is true, truthful, facts,
correctness, and not inverted, to be held, clenched, clinging, taken, believed
to be understood. "To be grasped," ..., they are not, do not exist, are not
known, are not discovered, have been cut off....

> 37 &middot; For him, there are no (not even) fine-grained thoughts  
On what he sees, hears, and feels.  
That Brāhmaṇa who doesn't pick up (cling to) his sight (views),  
Who can classify (him) in this world?

"For him, there are no fine-grained (detailed, subtle) thoughts on what he has
seen, heard, or felt." "For him," for the Arahant.... He said that in what he
sees, what he sees is pure, or what he hears, what he hears (is pure), or what
he feels, what he feels is pure; he wants to be the leading situation, the
situation of increase, wants to dispute, wanted to be generated, fully
generated, built, conceived, promising, contrived, and cohabitating; he is not,
does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, and has been cut off, ....

"The Brāhmaṇa, who does not pick up his sight (cling to views)": "Brāhmaṇa," the
exclusion of the seven dhammas is the Brāhmaṇa: seeing is excluded, doubt is
excluded, abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded,
illusion is eliminated, sloth is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods
are eliminated: those that are contaminated, those that are no longer there,
those that are fearful, those who will suffer the consequences, and those who
will die in the future.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 524]  
"After all evil is eliminated,  
Standing the spotless, virtuous state,  
After he transcends reincarnation,  
He becomes a perfect man.  
Those who are not dependent,  
Like this can be called Brāhmaṇa."

"The Brāhmaṇa does not pick up the views": The Brāhmaṇa does not pick up the
view, does not hold, does not grasp, and does not cling to.

"Who can classify (him) in this world": "Classification," there are two
classifications: the classification of craving and the classification of
seeing.... For him, the classification of craving has been cut off, the
classification of seeing has been cut off.... According to what type of greed
can be classified, what type of anger can be classified, ...? The state in which
the deeds have been cut off...? He has no cause, no fate.... "In the world,"
....

> 38 &middot; They don't construct (views), pay no attention (have no preference),  
And for them the dhammas are not accepted,  
Brāhmaṇas will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions;  
Those who have reached the other shore like that will not return.

"They do not construct and pay no attention": "Construction" has two types of
constructions: .... What is the construction of craving? .... All the
one-hundred-and-eight thirst thoughts [AN.4.199], this is the construction of
craving.

What is the construction of seeing? .... All come to the reach of the sixty-two
evil views. This is the construction of seeing. For them, the construction of
thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, ..., they
do not construct, or produce, or arise, or give birth to the construction of or
view.

"No attention" and "valuation," there are two types of attention: .... For them,
the value of thirst has been cut off, the value of seeing has been cut off, ....

"For them, the dhammas are not accepted": "The dhammas are called sixty-two evil
views. "For them," for those who are Arahants.... "Not accepted," "The world is
constant, this is real, and everything else is empty." Not accepted; "the world
is very constant... The world is bounded... The world is boundless... Fate is
the body... Fate is one body is the other... Tathāgata exists after death...
Tathāgata does not exist after death... The Tathāgata after death exists and
does not exist... The Tathāgata after death neither exists nor does not exist;
this is true, and everything else is empty." Not to be received.

"Brāhmaṇas will not be guided by precepts and prohibitions": ....

"Those who have reached the other shore like that do not return": The other
shore is called Nibbāna, non-living, ....

"Non-return," Any pollution that is cut off by Sotāpanna Path, those pollutions
he no longer experiences, does not return to, and does not return; ...by
Sakadāgāmī Path, ...; ...by the Anāgāmī Path...; ...by the Arahant Path....
Those who reach the other side do not return. "Those who are like that," the
Arahants are those who are like that in five aspects: those who are satisfied or
unsatisfied as those who are like that; those who have been abandoned are those
who are like that; "the passing" is the one who is like that; the "liberated
one" is the one who is like that.

How is an Arahant like that in terms of satisfaction or dissatisfaction?
Arahants are like that when they get (something), they are like that when they
don't, also like that in reputation, ...in no reputation (disrepute), in praise,
in reprimand, in pleasure, in suffering.... Some people use spice on their
wrists, and some people use axes to work: they have no greed in like that; they
have no disgust in like that, and they have given up and cut off greed. Disgust,
victory and defeat have been overcome, obedience and opposition have been
surpassed.

How is an Arahant "abandoned" as such? The greed of the Arahant has been
abandoned, spit out, released, dismissed, and cut off; ...anger...,
...ignorance..., (omitted); abandoned, spit out, released, renounced,
discontinued.

How is an Arahant "a person who has passed through" as such? The violent
currents of Arahant desire have been passed; violent currents of being have been
passed; the violent currents seen have been passed; the violent currents of
ignorance have been passed; all circuits have been passed, have come out, have
crossed, have passed, has overcome, he is the one who has descended, the one who
has practiced (, the one who has completed the journey, the one who has reached
the direction), the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth.

How is the Arahant "liberated" as such? The heart of the Arahant has been freed
from greed, freed, and benevolent; the heart has been freed from anger, freed,
and benevolent; ...delusion..., (omitted)...; the mind is freed, freed, freed
from all unwholesome deeds, freed, benevolent.

How is an Arahant described as being like that? The Arahant "the one who has the
precepts in the precepts" is described as the one who is like that; the
"believers in the faith" ...; the one who is vigorous in the vitality ...; the
person who is mindful in mind ...; the person who is in concentration on
concentration ...; the person who is wise in wisdom ...; "There are three minds"
...; six supernormal powers....

\newpage
