### 6. Old Age

> 39 &middot; This life is indeed small,  
Perhaps less than a hundred years before death,  
If anyone lives more,  
He will (still) die of old age.

"This life is indeed small": "Life" is life, ...(omitted, see previous
sections). In addition, life is short due to two factors: ...(omitted, see
previous sections). How are there few finite lives based on existence?
...(omitted, see previous sections). How is the limited life of nature less?
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Perhaps less than a hundred years before death": Dying, died, dead, and being
destroyed when it coagulates [SN.10.1], ...while in a cell, ...when it's a peace
of meat, ...when the flesh is firm, in the limbs, newborn also, in the delivery
room, half-month old, month old, two-month, three months, four months, five
months, six months, seven months, eight months, nine months, ten months, one
year, two years, three years, fur years, five years, six years, seven years,
eight years, nine years, ten years, twenty years, thirty years, forty years,
fifty years, sixty years, seventy years, eighty years, ninety years, of dying,
death, extinction, and destruction.

"Whoever lives more than one hundred years": Whoever lives beyond a hundred
years, he lives one year, or two years, or three years, ..., or forty years. "At
that time he will die of old age": when he is getting old, aged, elderly,
declining, with broken teeth, with gray hair, bald, wrinkled, limbs invaded by
spots, crooked, bent, and relied on crutches, died, extincted, vanished, and was
destroyed by aging, and he did not escape from death.

"For ripe fruits,  
There is a terror of falling in the early morning,  
For people who are already alive and inevitably die like this,  
There is often the horror of death.  
Like the pottery made by a potter,  
Everything will eventually be destroyed,  
And the lives of people who are dead (will die) (also) are like this.  
The young and the old,  
The fool and the wise,  
All go to the power of death,  
Everything in the interest of (belonging to) death.  
For those who are defeated by death,  
Those who walk from here to the afterlife,  
The father cannot shelter his son,  
Or relatives relatives.  
Even those who watch relatives,  
Those who scream,  
People who are unable to avoid dying,  
Such as a cow to be killed is guided.  
The world is like this,  
Tortured by death and old age,  
So the wise are not sad,  
After knowing the truth and interest of the world."  
[Sn.3.8, 581-586]

> 40 &middot; People are sad when they regard (things) as their own,  
Because there are no permanent possessions,  
After seeing that there is parting here,  
One should not live at home (as a layperson).

"People are sad when (things) are regarded as their own": "People," ...(omitted,
see previous sections). There are two types of "self-holding": ...(omitted, see
previous sections). They are sad when they fear the things they regard as their
own will be robbed, they are also sad when they are robbed, they are also sad
when they have been robbed; they are said when things they regard as their own
are (feared to be) changed, they are also sad when they are changed, they are
also said when they have been changed; sad, tired, weeping, pounding their
chests and crying, coming to chaos.

"Because there are no permanent possessions": There are two kinds of
possessions: .... All things that you thirst for are impermanent, active, and
born of conditions. They are dhammas of destruction, dissolution, fading,
extinction, and change. All things that you see are also impermanent...
(omitted). This is said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! Have you seen that all
things are constant, strong, eternal, unchangeable, everlasting?" "No, Blessed
One!" "Bhikkhus! Good! Bhikkhus! Nor have I seen (that things are) the constant,
solid, eternal, unchangeable, and everlasting." [MN.22] Permanent, solid,
eternal, unchanging possessions, they do not, do not exist, are not known, and
cannot be obtained.

"Here is parting": Separation, parting, dissociation exists, is known, is
gotten. This was said by the Blessed One: "Enough, Ānanda! Don't be sad, don't
cry, Ānanda! Didn't I say this before? Separation, parting, and dissociation
from all that you love and find agreeable. Ānanda! Here, how can it be obtained:
'Anything that is born, exists, does something, or corrupts, must not be
destroyed.' This is impossible!" [DN.16] It belongs to the former aggregates,
realms, and changeability and mutation; the subsequent aggregates, realms, and
rotations.

"You should not live at home after seeing it like this": "Like this, .... "After
seeing, after having seen, after weighing, after judging, after separating,
after clarifying, like this, in my attachment. "Should not live at home," after
cutting off all obstacles of the home, after cutting off the obstacles of
children and wives, ...(omitted, see previous sections). Afterwards, you should
walk alone, live, act, go on, guard, and survive, after you start to become a
state of nothing.

> 41 &middot; That of which people think "this is mine"  
Is also abandoned by death,  
After the wise know this,  
The believer should not bend towards clinging.

"That was also abandoned by death": "Death," all living beings, due to death,
destruction, disintegration, disappearance, demise, end of life, the
disintegration of various aggregates, the abandonment of the corpse, and the
root of life being cut off among all living beings. "That," things like form,
feelings, thinking, behaviors, and consciousness. "Abandoned," abandoned,
disappeared, left, annihilated, destroyed. This is also said: [Jat.5.1,2-3]

"When all wealth is not used,  
Why are you not sad in the time of grief?  
Even those who have forsaken their wealth before,  
People who will inevitably die will abandon those,  
The property of the desire-seeker is very constant,  
So I am not sad in the time of grief.  
The moon increases, fills, and disappears,  
And the sun moves into extinction,  
The enemy's worldly dhamma has been known to me,  
So I am not sad in the time of grief."

"People think that 'this is mine'": "This," things like forms, feeling,
thinking, behavior, and consciousness. "People" are names, titles, common names,
appellations, words, phrases, and names. "Think 'This is mine,'" from the thirst
of love he thinks; from seeing he thinks; from conceit he thinks; from pollution
he thinks; from evil deeds he thinks; from effort (to increase) he thinks; from
retribution he thinks.

"The wise man knows this": This, after he knows, understands, weighs, judges,
separates, and clarifies. The wise, ..., know this.

"Believers should not bend to self-grasping": "Self-grasping," there are two
types of self-grasping: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Believers,"
believers in the Buddha, believers in the Dhamma, believers in the Saṅgha, he
regards the Buddha as his own, and that person clings to the world deity. This
was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus who are deceitful,
stupid, talkative, hypocritical, arrogant, uncertain, to me are not my
(faithful) bhikkhus. Bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus who have not obeyed this dhamma,
they do not come to grow or expand in this dhamma. But, Bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus
who are not deceitful, not talkative, strong, not rigid, well-determined, to me
are me bhikkhus, bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus did not leave this dhamma, they came
to grow and expand in this dhamma."

"Cunning, stubborn, false, hypocrisy, conceited, uncertain,  
They don't grow in the Dhamma taught by the Enlightened One,  
Those who are not deceitful, talkative, sturdy, not rigid, good-natured,  
They grow in the Dhamma taught by the Enlightened One."  
[AN.4.26]

"The believer should not bend toward what he is clinging to": Believers should
not bend to the obsession of the self who is thirsty, and the obsession of the
self that he sees, he should not bend, should not bend downwards, not lean
towards, not tilt toward that, should be inclined to others, should not aspire
to that, should not increase that.

> 42 &middot; As one who wakes up  
Cannot see the affairs of dreams,  
Like this, people can not see the loved ones  
Who are deceased and dead.

"As the affairs one meets in a dream": The affair, which is gathered, set, which
is assembled. "Waking up, people cannot see": For example, people who come to a
dream and see the moon, see the sun, see the sea, see the king of Mount Meru,
see the elephant, see the horse, see the carriage, see the infantry, see the
army formation, see pleasant gardens, pleasant forests... (omitted), delightful
land..., seeing the pleasant lotus pond, the awake person can see nothing.

"A person loved like this": "Like this" is a figurative arrangement. A "loved
person" is a cherished person: mother, or father, or brother, or sister, or son,
or daughter, or friend, or colleagues, or relatives, or people of blood (kin).

"The deceased and the dead, he cannot see": The deceased is called the deceased,
and the dead he cannot see, get, can't find, or obtain.

> 43 &middot; Those people were seen and heard,  
And were said by the name (called by their name),  
For the deceased,  
Only the name can be said.

"Those people are seen and heard": "Seen," arising eye consciousness. "Heard,"
arising ear consciousness. "Those people," khattiya, Brāhmaṇa...(omitted).

"Where the name is said to them": "Where to them," to khattiya, to Brāhmaṇa,
..., for the heavens, and for the people. "Name" is the name, .... "Said," being
said, called, told, talked, explained, said.

"Only the name can be said": Form, feeling, thinking, behavior, consciousness
are cut off, disappeared, left, annihilation, destruction. "Can be said," can
say, can tell, can call, can explain, can talk. Only the name can be said. "For
the deceased": "For the deceased," for the deceased, for the dead. "For the
people," for the sentient beings, human beings, student Brāhmaṇas, people,
individuals, life, those who are born, those who are born to Indra, and those
born to Manu.

> 44 &middot; Those who are greedy never let go  
Of sorrow, weeping, and stinginess,  
Therefore, the Muni, the seers of stability,  
Abandon everything and go (wandering).

"The greedy people who are attached, they don't give up their sorrow, weeping,
and stinginess": "Sorrow," being touched by the loss of relatives, or the loss
of property, ...from disease, ...of precepts, ...of sight; having certain
losses, contact with certain sufferings; having a state of sorrow, sadness,
grief, internal sorrow, internal grief, burning, internal burning, and the arrow
of the heart. "Weeping," being touched by the loss of the relatives..., who have
lamenting, weeping, crying, grief, lamenting, speech, useless words, muttering,
tearing, weeping state. "Stingy," there are five kinds of stinginess:
...(omitted, see previous sections). Craving is called craving, which is greed,
.... "I hold," there are two kinds of self-holdings, .... They are sad when they
regarded as their own things and fear being are robbed, .... They mourn when
they regarded as their own things, .... They guard, protect, take, cherish, and
are stingy when they treat things as their own. They don't abandon the sorrow of
being treated as their own things, they don't abandon greed, do not cut off, not
drive away, not end, not make them non-existent.

"Therefore, Muni, the peaceful seer, they abandon everything and walk":
"Therefore," Therefore; ..., you should see this suffering on the desires.
Because of this. "Muni," Muni is called wisdom .... "Ownership" has two kinds of
possessions: .... After forsaking all things seen; after they give up, after
abandoning, after driving away, after making the end; walking, staying, acting,
going on, guarding, surviving. The seers, the stable seers, the seers in the
shelter, the seers in the refuge, the seers in the return, the seers without
terror, the seers without death, the seers with undeath, the seers of Nibbāna.

> 45 &middot; When the Bhikkhu walks away  
And is close to far-away seat,  
They say it is appropriate for him  
To not allow his residence to be seen.

"When a bhikkhu walks away": Those who walk away are called the seven kinds of
learning, and the Arahant is the one who is far away. For what reason are those
who walk away are called the seven kinds of learning? From here and there those
who are far away from, those who avoid, inhibitors, suppressors, restrainers,
preventers, guardians, protectors, they walk, live, act, go on, guard, and
survive: in the eye (door), those who stay away from, avoid, ....; (in the ear
door...;) in the nose door...; tongue door...; body door.... They walk, live,
act, go on, guard, and survive, such as chicken feathers or tendons being thrown
into the fire, it stays away (withdraws), avoids, reverses, and does not become
stretched [AN.7.49]. Similarly, from here and there, those who are far away,
avoiders, ..., they walk, .., and survive: in the eye door ..., in the ear
door..., ...nose..., tongue, body; the heart is far away, avoided, ..., they
walk, ..., and survive, guardians, protectors, they walk, walk, live, act, go
on, guard, survive, survive, such as chicken feathers or tendons thrown into the
fire, .... Those who walk away for this reason are called seven kinds of
learning. "Being a bhikkhu," a learned bhikkhu, or a virtuous bhikkhu.

"When close to a seat far away": The place where they sit is called a seat: bed,
chair, cushion, small cushion, leather cushion, grass cushion, leaf cushion,
straw cushion. At that seat, inappropriate seeing is removed, isolated, and
away; hearing of inappropriate sounds is...; smell...; taste...; touch...; the
five desires are abandoned, separated, and far away. The one that is close to
the far-away seat, is close, completely close, obedient, bent to obey,
completely obedient, and toward obedience.

"They said it was appropriate for him: he would not allow his residence to be
seen": "Appropriate," there are three kinds of appropriate: appropriate for the
group, appropriate for the Dhamma, and appropriate for non-regeneration. What is
appropriate for groups? If many bhikkhus are harmonious, happy with each other,
without disputes, and in harmony, they live together and look at each other with
kind eyes. This is appropriate for a group. What is appropriate for the Dhamma?
Four mindfulness, four righteousness, four divine bases, five faculties, five
powers, seven enlightenment factors, and eight branches of the holy path; they
all jump in, clear, stand, and liberate together. There is no such arguing and
strong arguing about the Dhamma. This is appropriate for the dhamma. What is
appropriate for non-regeneration? Even if many bhikkhus are in the dwell in the
realm of Nibbāna, Nibbāna is not seen as lacking or full because of this
[AN.8.19], this is appropriate for non-regeneration. "Dwelling," for those who
fall into hell, there is a dwelling in the hell; for those in the animal world,
there is a dwelling in the animal world; ...the human world; ...the world of
heaven. "They say that it is appropriate: he will not allow his residence to be
seen": It is appropriate for him; this is suitable; this is proportionate; this
is corresponding; this is obedient: anyone like this in the secret hell (their
residence) will not be seen; ...animal world...; ...hungry ghost world...; human
world...; ...world of heaven.... They say this, speak this, talk like this,
explain this, say this.

> 46 &middot; Muni is a non-dependent person in all things:  
Neither the attractive or not,  
Sorrow and stinginess are to him,  
Like water does not contaminate the leaves.

"Muni is the non-dependent person of everything": Everything is called the
twelve places: eyes and forms, ears and sounds, nose and smell, tongue and
taste, body and touch, mind and dhamma. "Muni," .... "The non-dependent" has two
kinds of dependence: the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing....
After Muni breaks the dependence of thirsty love, after Muni breaks the
dependence of desiring to see, he is the one who does not depend on the eyes,
the one who does not depend on the ear, ...the tongue,..., the body, the mind,
forms, sounds, smells, tastes, touches, dhammas, home, group (of people),
dwelling, profit, fame, praise, happiness, clothing, food, dwelling, patient's
necessities and medical necessities, the world of desire, ...(omitted, see
previous sections); all those who do not adhere to, those who do not stick,
those who do not fall into, those who do not fixate, those who do not turn their
minds towards (these things), already separated, already leaving, being freed,
and unbound, he lives with an unrestrained heart.

"Neither lovely nor unlovable": "Lovely," there are two kinds of lovely:
sentient beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here, whoever is a mother, or
father, or brother, or sister, or son, or daughter, or friend, or colleague, or
relatives, who are of interest to him, or who want to be beneficial, or who want
to stay away from the harness, or those with blood (kin), these are lovely
beings. What are attractive behaviors? Desirable forms, desirable sounds,
desirable smells, desirable flavors, desirable touches, these are lovely
behaviors. There are two kinds of "unlovable": beings or deeds. What are
unlovable beings? Here, where they are not of interest to him, do not want to
benefit, want to stay stable, want to kill them, these are unlovable beings.
What are the unlovable behaviors? Unpleasant forms, unpleasant sounds,
unpleasant smells, unpleasant tastes, unpleasant touches, these are unlovable
behaviors. "Neither lovely nor unlovable": "These are my lovely sentient beings;
these are desirable deeds." Not to make something lovely because of greed.
"These are my unlovable sentient beings; these are undesirable deeds." Not to
make something unlovable because of hatred; to not make it happen, not make it
produced, not make it arise, not make it be born.

"Weeping and stinginess are to him, as water does not contaminate the leaves":
"To him," to that person, to the Arahant whose troubles are exhausted.
"Weeping," touched by the loss of relatives, .... There are five kinds of
stinginess: ....

"As water does not contaminate the leaves," the leaves are called lotus leaves,
and the water (vāri) is called water (udakaṃ). Such as water on the lotus leaves
that are not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated,
not infected, not contaminated. The same applies to that person, to the Arahant
who has exhausted his troubles; weeping and sorrow do not contaminate, ... To
that person, the Arahant, those pollutions are not polluting, .... He has left,
has departed, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with
an unrestrained heart.

> 47 &middot; Also like a water drop on a lotus leaf,  
Like water on a red lotus (flower),  
Like this, Muni is not strongly contaminated  
In what is seen, heard, and felt.

"Like a drop of water on a lotus leaf": A drop of water is called a drop of
water, and a lotus leaf (pokkharaṃ) is called a lotus leaf (padumapattaṃ). It is
not strongly contaminated, and it is not contaminated closely anymore. "As water
does not contaminate the red lotus": Red lotus is called red lotus, and water
(vāri) is called water (udakaṃ). As water does not contaminate red lotus, it is
not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated, it is no longer
contaminated, it is no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated
closely.

"Muni like this is not strongly contaminated, that is: in what you see, hear,
and perceive": "Like this" is a figurative arrangement. "Muni," .... "Adhesion,"
there are two kinds of adhesion: .... After Muni breaks off the adhesion of
thirsty love, after breaking the adhesion of perception, he will not be
contaminated in what he sees, ...in what he hears, ...in what he feels, ...in
knowledge, not contaminated.... He has left..., and dwells with an unrestrained
heart.

> 48 &middot; For those who are cleansed in this way  
Don't think about things seen, heard, and felt,  
They do not want to be cleansed by other things,  
Because he is not contaminated, nor not contaminated.

"For those who are cleansed in that way don't think about it, that is: in what
you see, hear, and perceive": "Cleansed," cleansing is called wisdom, .... For
what reason is cleansed called wisdom? ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"For those who are cleansed in that way do not think about what they see, hear,
or feel": The cleansed one does not think of seeing, does not think in what they
see, does not think think from what they see, does not think 'what I see is
mine;' does not think of hearing...; ...feeling...; ...knowing... [SN.35.30].
This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! 'I am,' this is thinking; 'I am
this,' this is thinking; 'I will be,' this is thinking; 'I will not,' this is
thinking; 'I will be formed,' this is thinking; 'I will be formless,' this is
thinking; 'I will be thinking,' this is thinking; 'I will be without thinking,'
this is thinking; 'I will be thinking, not thinking,' this is thinking.
Bhikkhus! Thinking is a disease, thinking is a tumor, thinking is an arrow,
thinking is a curse. Bhikkhus! Therefore, here, 'we must live with an unthinking
mind.' Bhikkhus! You should learn this way." [SN.35.248]

"Do not want to be purified by other things": The person who is cleansed does
not want, accept, hope, or pray for other things: with impure ways, evil ways,
and non-existence, in addition to (besides) all mindfulness, in addition to the
right work, in addition to the divine bases, in addition to the roots, in
addition to the forces, in addition to the enlightenment, in addition to the
eight branches of the holy path, there is purity, cleanliness, and complete
purity; departure, liberation, detachment.

"Because he is neither tainted nor not tainted": All ignorant ordinary people,
they are tainted, good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of learned,
they are tainted, and the Arahant is neither tainted nor not tainted: he becomes
(one in) the state of freedom from greed by the extinction of greed, the state
of freedom from aversion by the extinction of anger, the state of freedom from
ignorance by the extinction of delusion, he is a person who has descended into a
state and has practiced..., ...without his rebirth.

\newpage
