### 7. Tissa Metteyya

49. [Like this, Venerable Tissa Metteyya:] Those who engage in lust, dear sir!
    Please tell of of the distress,
After hearing your teachings, we will learn by staying away.

"Person who engages in lust": Whoever is not doing justice, filthy dhamma
(village dhamma), filthy dhamma, vulgarity, washing with water after friendship
(waterside), secret, one-on-one, etc. [AN.7.50] is the dhamma of lust. For what
reason is it called the dhamma of lust? It belongs to two people who are greedy,
full of desire and greed, entangled, the heart is overwhelmed, and two people
are in the same way. For that reason, it is called the dhamma of lust. For
example, if there are two quarrelers, they are called "fornicators;" there are
two disputers, and they are called "fornicators;" there are two discussants, and
they are called "fornicators;" there are two disputers, they are called
"fornicators;" there are two advocators, they are called "fornicators;" there
are two speakers, they are called "fornicators;" there are two interlocutors,
they are called "fornicators." In the same way, (it) belongs to two people who
are greedy, full of desire and greed, entangled, whose heart is overwhelmed, and
two people are in the same way.

"One who engages in lust": The one who puts on the harness, the strong harness,
the one who faces the harness, the one who fully faces the harness, the one who
practices the one, the one who repeats the harnessing, the one who emphasizes
the one, the one who tends to incline, to that person, to that person to
increase.

"[Like this Venerable Tissa Metteyya]": "Like this,"  ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "Venerable," this is the language of love, respect, and obedience,
which is "Venerable." "Tissa," the name, title, security,  ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Metteyya," the surname, name, title, security, and common
name of the seated person.

"Dear Sir! Please speak of the distress": "distress," annoyance, injury,
oppression, blow, harm, disaster. Please say, please explain, please teach,
please inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify,
please explain. "Dear Sir," "This is a love language, a respectful language, an
obedient language, and a submissive language.

"After hearing your teachings": "Your speech, language, teachings, admonitions,
after hearing, after grasping, after understanding, after discriminating.

"We will learn by staying away (seclusion)": "Being away," there are three types
of being away: away in body, away in mind, and away in adherence. What is bodily
staying away? Here, the bhikkhu is close to the solitary residence: woods,
trees, mountains, caverns, grottos, cemeteries, forests, open fields, straw
piles, living away with the body, he walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, lies
alone, enters the village alone for alms, returns alone, sitting alone in the
quiet place, alone doing the practice, walking, staying, acting, going on,
guarding, surviving, and living alone, is to stay away bodily.

What is keeping the mind away? The mind of the person who enters the first jhāna
has been far away from the covers, the mind of the person who has entered the
second jhāna has been far away from seeking and searching, the mind of the
person who has entered the third jhāna has been far away from joy, and the mind
of the person who has entered the fourth jhāna has been separated from happiness
and suffering; the mind of the person who enters the boundless void (fifth/first
immaterial) has already thought to stay away from thought and to be far away
from all kinds of desires, the mind of the person who enters the boundlessness
of consciousness (sixth) has wanted to stay away from the boundless void, the
mind of the person who has entered nothingness (seventh) has thought to stay way
from the boundlessness of consciousness; (and the mind of the person who has
entered neither-perception-nor-non-perception) has no thoughts, and wants to
stay away from nothingness.

The mind of the Sotāpanna person has changed from seeing, suspicious,
forbidden, seeing the potential trend of defilement, the potential trend of
doubt defilement, and the pollution of existence is far away. The heart of the
Sakadāgāmī has changed from the rough desire and greed knot, the disgust knot,
the latent tendency of the rough desire, greed and trouble, the potential trend
of disgust and trouble, and the pollution of the same existence. The remaining
knots of desire and greed, disgust, from the remaining potential trends of
desire, greed, disgust, and the pollution that exist with them, the Arahant's
heart has changed from formed greed, formless greed, conceit, aversion,
ignorance, and the latent tendency of conceit troubles, the latent tendency of
greed and defilements, the latent tendency of ignorance defilements, and the
pollution that coexists with them are far away from the outside and everything.

What is keeping away (in adherence)? Relying on the known as the pollution and
various aggregates and various works; relying on distance is called immortality,
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all dependence,
the extinction of craving, greed, extinguishment, and Nibbāna, this is to stay
away. Being far away in body belongs to being away from desires; being far away
in mind (heart) belongs to the pure, reaching the highest purity; being far away
in adherence belongs to the unattached person, who comes to leave the world. "We
will learn from far away": The one who is here is already a learner. In
addition, this is said by the hearers of the teaching of the Dhamma.

50. [Blessed One: "Metteyya!"] Those who engage in lust, even forget the
    precepts,
Acted wrongly, for him this is unholy.

"Person who engages in lust": ....

"One who engages in lust": ....

"Metteyya": The Lord calls the person who has taken the seat by his surname.
"Blessed One" is synonymous with respect. In addition, the "Destroyed greed" is
the Lord; the "Destroyed wicked" is the Lord; and the "Destroyed ignorance" is
the Lord; "The one who has destroyed the conceit" is the Blessed One; the "the
one who has destroyed the sight" is the Blessed One; the "the one who has
destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed One; the "the one who has destroyed the
pollutants" is the Blessed one; "The one who is ended" is the Blessed One; "the
one who has practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the
Blessed one; or "the Blessed one is close to the woods, wild forests, and border
dwellings (sitting places): low sound, quiet, away from the human atmosphere,
who lives alone, and is suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or the
Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the
sick, and medical necessities; or "The Blessed One is the one who has the taste
of righteousness, the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the precepts,
the mind, and the wisdom" is the World Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the
one with four kinds of jhāna, four immeasurables, four formlessness, etc.; or
"The Blessed One is the Participant of the Eight Liberations, the Eight Victory
Places, and the Ninth Dwelling Places, etc.;" the one who is purely divided is
the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the one who divides the four
mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four bases, the five roots, the five
powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy
path." The Blessed One is the one who has ten Tathāgata strength, four
fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six magical powers, and six
enlightenment methods." The Blessed One is the Blessed One. "The Blessed One,"
this name is not given (made) by the mother; not given by the father; not given
by brothers; not by sisters; not by friends; not by relatives; not by Samaṇa or
Brahman; not by heaven. This is ultimate liberation; to Buddha, the World
Honored person, and under the Bodhi tree together with all the knowledge and
wisdom gained and testimony, that is, the Blessed One.

"To even forget the precepts": Forget the precepts in two ways: forget the
precepts of the teachings, and the precepts of the Path. What is the learned
commandment? For him, those who have learned Suttas (suttaṃ), Verses (geyyaṃ),
Explanations (veyyākaraṇaṃ), Stanzas (gāthaṃ), Udāna [KN 3], Itivuttaka [KN 4],
Jātaka [KN 10], Abbhuta Dhamma (unclear if this refers to the sutta or the
concept of wonderful teachings), Vedalla (vedallaṃ; unclear if this refers to
the individual suttas or the whole section), this is learned teaching
commandment. He forgets, completely forgets, forcefully forgets, completely
forcefully forgets, and becomes an outsider.

What are the Path precepts? The correct path, the following path, the
uninverted path, the meaning of the path, the path where one follows the Dhamma,
the completeness of the precepts, the guardian of the roots, the right amount of
food, the sober practice, Mindfulness and Right Knowledge, Four Mindfulness,
Four Righteousness, Four Spiritual Bases (iddhipāda), Five Senses, Five Powers,
Seven Enlightenment Factors, Eight Branches of the Holy Path, this is the Path
precept. He forgets, completely forgets, strongly forgets, and completely
strongly forgets, becomes an outsider.

"Acting wrongly": Killing, taking without giving, invading people's homes,
taking predations (looting), blocking roads, robbing, abducting wives, saying
falsehoods.

"For him this is unholy": For that person this is unsacred, foolish, ignorant,
deceit dhamma, that is: the evil path.

51. After previously walking alone, whoever engages in lust,
He is like a stray cart in the world; they say he is a bad, ordinary man.

"After previously walking alone": After previously walking alone in two ways: in
the name of a bhikkhu or abandonment by the masses. How to go alone as a bhikkhu?
After cutting off all obstacles at home, cutting off the obstacles of children
and wives, cutting off the obstacles of relatives, cutting off the obstacles of
friends, cutting off the obstacles of storage, after cutting off the hair and
beards, putting on the robes, going from home to a non-domestic (monastic) life,
one should walk alone, live, act, go on, guard, and survive, after
starting to become a state of nothing. In this way, one should go alone becoming
a bhikkhu.

How to walk alone by abandoning the masses? When he became a bhikkhu in this way,
he was alone in the woods, wild forests, ...; he walked alone, stood alone...;
this is abandoning the masses to walk alone.

"Anyone who engages in lust": Anyone who is not in the right way...
(omitted)..., for that reason is called the dhamma of lust. "Anyone who engages
in lust": Anyone who abandons Buddhism, Dhamma, Saṅgha, learns and then returns
to secular life, engages in, turns to engage in, fully engages, and heads to
engage in lust.

"He is like a stray cart ride in the world": "Cart ride," stray, unmanned,
unmade, untrained elephant cart ride, horse cart ride, ox cart ride, goat
carriage ride, ram  cart rides, camel cart rides, donkey carriage rides, it
takes a side road, climbs up uneven stubbles and rocks, destroys the boarded
carts and rides, and falls into the cliff. Like the stray, uncontrollable, the
unmanned and untrained cart ride takes the side way. Similarly, the vulgar
person like the stray cart ride. He takes the side way (evil way) and takes the
evil view... (omitted) to take the evil mind. The stray, untuned, unmanned,
untrained rides climbed on the uneven stubbles and rocks. Similarly, the vulgar
person boarded the uneven body kamma, ascend to the improper language kamma,
ascend the improper mental kamma, ascend the improper killing, ascend the
imperfectly to take without giving, ascend the improper licentiousness, descend
as the improper fraud, descend on the irregularities, on the rough and bad
language of the irregularities, on the offensive language on the irregularities,
on the greed of the irregularities, on the malice of the irregularities, on the
evil views of the irregularities, on the various things of the irregularities,
going, climb up the five desires of unevenness, and climb the covers of
unevenness. As the stray, unmanned, unmade, untrained ride destroys the boarded
ride, the same, the person who returned to the secular world was like a stray
cart. He destroyed himself in hell, in the animal world, in the hungry ghost
world, in the human world, and in the heavenly world. Like the stray, untuned,
unmade, untrained car ride falling off the cliff, the same, the vulgar person
falls into the cliff of life, the cliff of age, the cliff of disease, into the
cliff of death, the cliff of sorrow and despair. "In the world," in the world of
suffering, in the world of mankind.

"They say: the inferior ordinary man": "Ordinary man," what is the meaning of
ordinary man? "They cause a lot of pollution to arise." For ordinary people;
"Many people who have not removed" are ordinary people; "Those who see the faces
of many masters" are ordinary people; "Those who have not come out of many
things of interest" are ordinary people; "They made many kinds of things." For
ordinary people; "They were swept away by many kinds of violent currents." For
ordinary people; "They were annoyed by many kinds of torments." For ordinary
people; "They were burned out by many kinds of heat. "For ordinary people; "the
one who is greedy, craving, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and
obstructed in many five desires" is ordinary; "covered and enclosed by many five
kinds of desires, obstructed, closed, covered." For ordinary people. "They say:
inferior ordinary people": They say so, speak so, talk so, explain, say:
inferior, despicable, low, low-minded, insignificant ordinary people.

52. Whatever previous glory and reputation, his may even be abandoned,
After seeing this, he should learn and give up his lust.

"Any previous glory and praise, his may even be abandoned": What is glory? Here,
a certain type of people (in their previous state as a Samaṇa) are honored,
respected, revered, (with) clothes, food, shelter, the patient's needs and the
medical necessities, this is glory. What is praise? Here, a certain type of
people came to praise when they were in the previous Samaṇa state. They are the
wise, the learned, the hearer, and the eloquent, those who are defensive (good
at defending arguments) and skillful: "the chanter (the teacher)," or the
"lawyer," or the "speaker," or the "lives in the forest," or the "beggar," or
"wears dung sweeper," or "three-clothed person," or "second beggar," or "not
eaten after eating," or "usually sitting (not lying)," or "living anywhere," or
"the gainer of the first jhāna," or "the gainer of the second jhāna," or "the
gainer of the third jhāna," or the "the gainer of the fourth jhāna," or "the
gainer of the boundless void," or "the gainer of boundless consciousness," or
"the gainer of nothingness," or the "the gainer who does not dwell in
nothingness (neither-perception-nor-non-perception)," this is praise.

"His may even be abandoned." After a while, when he gave up the Buddha, Dhamma,
Saṅgha, learned and then returned to vulgarity, that glory and that reputation
declined, declined, (was) lost, disappeared, and shattered.

"After seeing this, he should learn, he should give up his lust": "This," the
glory and praise in the previous state of Samaṇa; later, when he gave up the
Buddha, Dhamma, Saṅgha, learned and returned to the vulgar, there is no glory
and no reputation, this is to achieve failure. "After seeing," ...."He should
learn." There are three learnings: increase precept learning, increase mind
learning, and increase wisdom learning. What is to increase precepts?
...(omitted, see previous sections).

What is to increase mind? ....

What is to increase wisdom? .... Anyone who is acting not in the Dhamma...
(omitted) is called the dhamma of lust... for that reason it is called the
dhamma of lust.

"After seeing this, he should learn, he should abandon lust." For the
abandonment, calming, stopping, and cessation of lust, he should learn to
increase precepts, he should also learn to increase mind, and he should also
learn to increase wisdom. These three studies should be learned when heading
towards (noting); learning when knowing; learning when seeing; learning when
introspecting; learning when establishing (decision) when the heart is
established; learning when solving with faith; you should learn when you are
vigorous; you should learn when mindfulness arises; you should learn when mind
concentration arises; you should learn when you know with wisdom; you should
learn when you know what should be known; you should learn when you should be
renounced; you should learn when practicing should be practiced; you should
learn when testifying should be testified [Ps.1,41.], you should practice, you
should practiced well, and after being held up, you should go on.

53. He was defeated by his intention, thinking like a miserable person,
After hearing this blame from others, people like that become ashamed.

"He was defeated by his intention, and he thought like a miserable one": The
intention to to desire, malicious intention, the intention to harm, the
intention to see touched, tortured, combined, possessed, covered; he thought,
thought strongly, thought with all kinds of thoughts, after leaving there,
thinking like a miserable person; like a dull person; like an extremely foolish
person. Like an owl looking for a mouse on a branch and thinking hard, thinking
with all kinds of thinking, thinking after leaving there; like a jackal looking
for a fish on a river bank, ...; like a cat looking for mice in gaps, sewers,
garbage dumps, ...; like a donkey that has been cut off, in the gap, in the
sewer, in the garbage dump, ...; [MN.50], in the same way, the intention of the
person who returned to the secular (life) was to be desired, malicious
intention,, intention to harm, the intention to see touches, tortures, combines,
possesses, and covers. He thinks, thinks strongly, uses all kinds of thoughts,
and after leaving there, he thinks like a miserable person; like a dull person;
like an extremely foolish person.

"After hearing this blame from others, people like that kind become ashamed":
"Others," a parent teacher, or teacher, or equivalent to a teacher, or a
friend, or acquaintance, or close person, or peer supervision: "Mendicants!
After you get a great master like this, become a bhikkhu in such a well-spoken
Dhamma, and get a holy group like this, after giving up the bad lust dhamma, the
Buddha, Dhamma, Saṅgha, and after learning, returning to the vulgar (secular
life), it is not your gain for that; for that it is your evil gain. There is
indeed no faith in you in the good Dhamma, there is no shame in the good Dhamma,
there is indeed no (none of your) vitality in good dhamma, indeed there is no
thought of you in good dhamma, and indeed there is no wisdom of you in good
dhamma." [AN.5.5] Hear, grasp, understand, distinguish their words, ways of
speaking, teaching, and admonitions teachings to become ashamed, oppressed,
struck, and distressed, and become a state of worry. "Like that kind of person":
Like that kind, like that kind, belonging to that kind of residence, that kind
of thing like that, he that has returned to vulgarity.

54. He makes swords again (defensive weapons), when urged (reproached) by
    others' words,
This is indeed a big cave, he jumps into falsehood.

"He makes swords again, when he is urged by the words of others": "Again,"
sentence continuation; .... "Swords (knives)," there are three types of knives:
body knives, speech knives, and mind knives, three body knives and deeds body
knives, four speech deeds and speech knives, and three deeds of deeds and
meaning knives. "When urged by others," when urged by a parent teacher, or
teacher, ..., he deliberately said vainly. He said, "Great Virtue! I am a joyful
bhikkhu, (but) for me, I should support my mother, so returned to the secular
life." He said: "For me, I should support my father...." He said, "...I should
raise my brother, ...I should raise sisters..., I should raise my son..., ...my
daughter..., ...should support friends..., ...colleagues..., ...relatives...,
...people of blood (kin), so returned to vulgarity." It is a speech knife; he
makes it happen, makes it produced, makes it arise.

"This will indeed be a big cave": This is his big cave, big forest, big dense
forest, big dangerous road, big danger, big bend, big mud mud, big obstacle, big
tie, namely: a deliberate lie.

"He jumped into false speech": false speech is called falsehoods. Here, a
certain type of person comes to the temple, or to the assembly, or to the
relatives, or to the group, or to the palace, and is brought as a witness for
questioning: "Hey! Come! Man! Please tell me what you know." He said without
knowing, "I know." Or, he knows and says: "I don't know." He doesn't see, and he
says: "I see." Or, he sees and says: "I don't see." Like this, he deliberately
says falsehoods [AN.3.28], for his own (benefit) or other people's (benefit), or
because of a little temptation; this is called false speech.

Or, use the three behaviors as lies: just before (saying), (thinking): "I will
say lies." When speaking (thinking): "I say lies." When already said (thinking):
"The lies have been said by me." These three behaviors are used as lies. Or, use
the four behaviors as lies: just before (saying) (thinking): "I will say lies."
When speaking (thinking): "I speak lies." When already said (thinking): "The lie
has been said by me." There are (wrong) opinions of different attachments, and
these four behaviors are considered lies. Or, with five forms..., with six
forms..., with seven forms..., with eight forms.... There are (wrong) opinions
of different attachments, the likes of different attachments, the hobbies of
different attachments, there are different attachments, the nature of different
attachments, these eight behaviors are lie. "He jumped into false speech": He
jumped in, dove into, entered false speech.

55. (He was known as) A famous wise man who walks alone,
But when he is lustful, he is dragged around like a dull person.

"Famous wise man": Here, a certain type of person came to glory and praise when
he was in the previous state of Samaṇa: .... In this way, he is known and
famous.

"Solo traveler": There are two ways to travel alone: ....

"But when he is united with lust": Whoever is not doing justice.... "But when he
is united in lust": After a while, he abandons the Buddha, Dhamma, the Saṅgha,
learns and then returns to the secular world, is bound in the lust....

"Like a dull person being pulled around": The miserable person is like a dull
person, like a very foolish person being dragged, pulled around, getting into
trouble: killing, taking without giving, ..., saying falsehoods, so that he was
dragged, dragged around, and got into trouble. After the king caught him, he was
punished with various punishments: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with
a cane, cutting off his hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears and nose,
tortured by sour porridge pot penalties, shell-bald penalties, Rāhu's's mouth
penalties, fire torture penalties, candle hand penalties, exorcism penalties,
bark coat penalties, antelope penalties, hook flesh penalties, money penalties,
alkali bathing, twisting the door latch, stepping on the straw, drenching hot
oil, causing a dog to bite, piercing while alive, beheading with a sword, so
that he is dragged, dragged around, and gets into trouble.

Or, conquered with desire and thirst, the heart is occupied, as when the ship
leaped into the sea, tormented by the cold and heat, by the contact of fly
mosquitoes, wind, sun, and snake, to die of hunger and thirst; and go to
(omitted: various locations are listed here, including Taxila, Java, Tambapanṇị̄,
and many unknown places — B. Bodhi also omits this list from the commentary); go
to the dangerous road in the desert; go on the knees to the road that can be
passed; the road where goats go; the road that can only be passed when supported
by pillars; the road that can only be passed by holding a parachute; the road
that can only be passed when the bamboo bush is cut; To the bird road; to the
mouse road; to the cracked road; walked to the vine-walking road, so that he was
dragged, pulled around, and got into trouble.

When he was seeking, he did not find it, and felt distressed because of not
getting it, so he was dragged, pulled around, and got into trouble.

When he sought, he found it, and felt distressed because of the protection he
got: "Whether my belongings will be taken away by the king, the thieves will not
take it away, the fire will not burn, and the water will not flow away, the
unloved heirs will not take it away." When he guards and protects in this way,
his property is destroyed, he is rooted in separation and feels distress, so he
is dragged, pulled around, and got into trouble.

56. Muni, here, after knowing this affliction before and after,
He will be firm on his own and will not engage in lust.

"Muni, here, in front and back, after knowing this affliction (trouble)":
"This," there was glory and praise when he was in the state of Samaṇa before,
and there was no glory and praise when he gave up the Buddha, Dhamma, Saṅgha,
learned and returned to the secular life afterwards. This attainment and loss.
"After knowing,"  .... "Muni," .... "Here," belongs to this view; belongs to
this love; belongs to this hobby; in this attachment; in this dhamma; in this
teaching language; in these scriptures; in the teachings of this master; in this
individual; in this human world.

"He will be firm on his own": In two ways he will firmly be alone: in the name
of a bhikkhu or in the renunciation of the masses. How can he do so firmly in the
name of a bhikkhu? After cutting off all the obstacles at home, ..., and survive,
so that he will firmly walk alone in the name of a bhikkhu.

How can he do his own way firmly with the rejection of the masses? When he is a
bhikkhu like this, he will be alone in the woods, ..., and survive, so that he
will be firmly committed to acting alone by giving up the masses. He will be
firm and alone, he will be a firm holder of good Dhamma; he will be a holder of
standing.

"Will not engage in lust": Whoever is not doing justice.... He will not get
close to or engage in the dhamma of lust, will not participate, will not be
used, will not practice, will not practice fully, will not be held after going
on.

57. He should learn to stay away, this is the supreme of all holy ones,
(But) he should not think that he is the most victorious because of that,
    in front of the one which is indeed Nibbāna.

"He should learn to stay away": "To stay away," there are three types of staying
away: .... "He should learn." There are three kinds of learning: .... "He should
learn to stay away": He should learn, practice, practice well, and go away after
being sustained.

"This is the supreme of all the holy ones": All the saints are called the
Buddhas and the disciples of the Buddhas and the Bhikkhus. This is the first,
the most victorious, the supreme, the top, and the highest among the saints,
that is: stay away from the deeds.

"(But) he should not think that he is the most victorious because of that":
Should not be far away from the act of tribute, lofty, arrogant, fortitude,
stubborn, and arrogance should not be made because of that. He shouldn't be a
rigid, very stiff, head-raising person because of that.

"In front of the one which is truly Nibbāna": In front of, near, close to, not
far away, near the one which is Nibbāna.

58. To Muni, who is empty, who has no expectation in desire,
Those who are bound in their desire envy those who have survived the storm.

"Muni, who is empty (void)": Empty, far away, separated, void of evil doings,
far away, separated with the body; evil deeds with the words... ; ...with
intention...; with greed, hatred, delusion, anger, resentment, hiding evil
domineering, jealousy, stinginess, hypocrisy, cunning, stubbornness, passion,
conceit, arrogance, ease (no effort), all pollution, all evil, all troubles, all
scorching, all heat (irritation); ...with all unwholesomeness made empty, far
away, and separated. "Muni," .... "When Walking in" means walking, staying,
acting, going on, guarding, and surviving.

"Those who have no expectation in desire": "Desire," there are two kinds of
desires from praise: the desire of things and the desire of pollution .... After
the desires of things are known, after giving up, after abandoning, after being
driven away, after the end, after making it non-existent, when the desire for
things is not expected, it becomes the one who has given up their desires, those
who have eliminated their desires, those who have released their desires, those
who have abandoned their desires, those who have ceased their desires, those who
have renounced greed, those who have left greed, those who have forgone greed,
those who have ceased to be greedy, those who are not hungry and thirsty, those
who have cooled down, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and
those who live by themselves as Brahman.

"People who are tied up in desire are envious of those who have survived the
storm": "People" are synonymous with all beings. People are greedy, covetous,
bound, infatuated, tainted, attached to their desires, fixed, obstructed, they
want, accept, hope, aspire, and pray for those who have passed the torrent of
desire; ...have passed the torrent of sight...; ...have passed the torrent of
ignorance..; those who have passed, have come out, have crossed, have
transcended, have overcome; those who have reached the other shore; those who
have reached the other shore, have reached the ultimate (target); those who have
reached the ultimate have reached the end; ...(omitted, see previous
sections)...; ...have reached Nibbāna.

Such as the debtor desires and envies being debt-free; such as the sick who
desires and envy being free from disease; such as those bound by fetters who
desire and envy to be free from the fetters; as the slave desires and envies of
being free from being the slave; such as those who jump into the difficult road
hope and envy stability as the ultimate place. Similarly, people are greedy,
craving, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, and obstructed in their
desires. They want, accept, hope, aspire, and pray for those who have passed the
torrent of desire; ...; those who have reached Nibbāna.

\newpage
