### 8. Pasūra

> 59 &middot; They say: "Here is purity."  
They say that there is no purity in other dhammas.  
When it is declared that everything that rests there is pure,  
All are fixed in their respective truths.

"They say: "Here is purity": They said, told, talked, explained, said: here is
pure, clean, pure all over; detachment, liberation, separation, they say, tell,
talk, explain, saying: "The world is everlasting, this is real, and everything
else is empty." This is pure, clean, and all pure...; "the world is very
constant... (omitted) The world is bounded... The world is boundless... Fate is
the body... Fate is one body is the other... Tathāgata exists after death...
Tathāgata does not exist after death... The Tathāgata after death exists and
does not exist... The Tathāgata after death neither exists nor does not exist;
this is true, and everything else is empty." Whoever says like this, his own
views, his likes, ..., how can he be able to cross, traverse, surpass, and
overcome? What is the reason? His vision is completed, held, grasped, grasped,
attached, taken, believed and understood like that.

"They say there is no purification in other dhammas": Except for his own master,
the narration of the Dhamma, the group, the view, the way, and the Path, he
abandons, uproots, and surrounds all dissenting theories: "That master is not
the wise, the Dhamma is not said to be good, (its) groups (of people) are not
those who do what is good, seeing is not good, the path is not set up by the
good, the path is not detached, there is no purity here, or purification, or all
over pure; or free, or liberated, or all out, it's inferior, despicable, low,
trivial, inferior intent, insignificant." Says so, speaks so, talks so, explains
so.

"When it is declared that all who depend on them are pure": "Whoever depends
on," all the narrations of masters, the Dhamma, groups, ..., clinging, entering,
being tied, and turning the heart toward (these things). "There," in one's own
views, in one's own likes, in one's own inclinations, in one's own opinions.
"When claiming to be pure," the pure speaker, the beautiful speaker, the wise
speaker, the firm speaker, the speaker with a method, the speaker with reason,
the speaker of specific prophesies, the substantiated speaker, the speaker who
makes his own claims possible.

"All of them are fixed in their respective truths": All of the Samaṇas and
Brāhmaṇas are fixed, stopped, stuck, trapped, tainted, and turned toward the
world in their respective truths. "The world is constant, this is true, and
everything else is empty." (Everyone) is fixed, stopped, stuck, ....

> 60 &middot; After those philosophers sneaked into the masses (assembly),  
They regarded each other (their opponents) as fools,  
Those who rely on others (masters, views, etc.) make the argument,  
(Wanting) a good admirer, claiming to be skillful.

"After those who are eloquent sneak into the masses": "Those who are eloquent,"
those who are eloquent, those who want the theory, those who value the theory,
those who seek the theory. "After sneaking into the mass," sneak, invest, go
deep, and enter the khattiya masses, Brāhmaṇa masses, homeowner (layperson)
masses, and Samaṇa masses.

"They regard their opponents as fools": The "opponents" are two people, two
quarrelers, two disputers, two arguers, two arguers, two defenders, two
contenders, two talkers, they set each other, see, watch, contemplate, observe
(the opponent) as the fool, the inferior, the despicable, the low, the inferior
intent, the insignificant.

"Those who rely on others make the argument": Other masters, other narration of
the Dhamma, ..., adhere, fall into, fixate, hold the mind towards. Opinions are
called quarrels, arguing, dissenting, disagreements, disputes, or,
"discussions," they speak the quarrel, speak the argument, speak the dispute,
speak the disagreement, speak the dissent, speak the non-nutritious discussion;
they tell, talk, explain, speak.

"A good admirer, a person who claims to be skillful": "A good admirer," a
person who is a good admirer, a person who desires admiration, a person who
desires appreciation, a person who values admirers, and a person who seeks
admirers everywhere. The speaker, the wise speaker, the firm speaker, ....

> 61 &middot; Talking about the harness in the masses,  
Those wanting admirers become afraid of failure,  
Becoming ashamed when he is rebuked,  
And when reprimanded he becomes a fault seeker.

"The harness is talked about among the masses": Among the khattiya crowd, or the
Brāhmaṇa crowd, ...(omitted), they talk about the harness, the strong harness,
...(omitted).

"Those who want to be admired become those who are afraid of failure": "Those
who want to be admired," those who want to be admired, respected, can be carried
with praise, recipients, hopers, prayers, and supplicants. "Become afraid of
failure," just before the conversation became suspicious and fearful of losing:
"Am I going to be a winner? Will I be frustrated? How will I make arguments? How
will I make rebuttals? How will I make the differentiation? How will I respond
to the nuances? How will I do on wrapping (entanglement)? How will I do on
disentanglement (unwinding)? How will I make a cut (destruction)? How will I
make a comprehensive theory?" This way, before the conversation, he will become
suspicious and afraid of failure.

"Being ashamed when being rebuked": Those who judge, the masses, members of the
masses, and those who questioned, they rebuked: "What is said is the divisive
principle" they rebuked it from the divisiveness; "speaking of unrighteous
theories and phrases" they debunked from the principles and terms; "those
principles and terms are misapplied, those terms are misapplied, and those
senses and terms are misapplied or planted misplaced, those arguments are not
established, those rebuttals are not well done, those differentiations are not
established, those responses to nuances are not well done, those entanglements
are not established, those who are disentanglements are not well done, and those
destructions are not established, those comprehensive theories do not do well,
talk about right and wrong, talk about evil, explain evil, talk evil." They
denounce. "Being ashamed when being rebuked": Being ashamed when being rebuked;
to be troubled, annoyed, sick, and melancholic.

"When reprimanded, he became angry and became a defect seeker": When
reprimanded, rebuked, without praise, not being praised, he was angry, rejected,
stubborn, showing anger, aversion, dissatisfaction. "To become a defect seeker,"
flaw seeker (of the opponent), wrong seeker, negligent seeker, leak seeker,
defect seeker.

> 62 &middot; Whatever is said to be incomplete,  
Rebuked by the judge,  
The inferior critics weep, grieve, and lament:  
"He (the opponent) surpassed me."

"Whatever they say is incomplete": Anything they say is inferior, despicable,
mutilated, impaired, not perfected, they say so, tell so, ...."

"The judges rebuke": Those who judge, the masses, ..., they rebuke:
...(omitted).

"The inferior critics (commentators, debaters) weep and grieve": "Weeping," "I
was turned to other things; thought of other things; considered other things;
being scrutinized for other things, that was the big faction, the masses, the
big (group of) followers, and this group of people are not in harmony, and so as
to join the masses I will further disrupt the talks." Any words like this,
useless words, muttering, grieving, tearing, weeping. "Sadness," (for) "his
victory" he is sad; "my defeat" he is sad; "his gains" he is sad; "my failures"
he is sad; "his reputation" he is sad; "my namelessness" he is sad; "his praise"
he is sad; "my rebuke" he is sad; "his joy" he is sad; "my suffering" he is sad;
"he is respected, praised, honored, revered, (with) clothes, food, shelter,
patients' needs, and medical necessities. I am a disrespected, unprofitable
person of clothes, food, ...." He was sad, tired, weeping, crying, and came to
confusion. "Inferior theory (argument)," inferior theory, low theory, bad
theory, incomplete theory.

"He laments: "He surpassed me": "He surpassed, overwhelmed, traversed, crossed,
and overcame me in theory." Or, "in theory, after he defeated, overwhelmed,
ended, and crushed me," he walks, lives, acts, goes on, guards, keeps, and makes
survival. Lamenting is called words, meaningless words, muttering, repeated
murmurs, verbosity, and weeping.

> 63 &middot; These disputes that arise among Samaṇas,  
In these (disputes) there are pride and frustration,  
After seeing this, one should stop commenting (debating),  
Because there is no benefit other than appreciation (praise).

"The disputes took place among Samaṇas": "Samaṇa," anyone who walks into the
march from here, enters the march. What arises, is born, happens, occurs, and
appears among Samaṇas; quarrels about seeing (views), arguing about seeing,
disputing about seeing, dissenting about seeing.

"Among these there are pride and frustration": There are victories, defeats,
gains, no gains, reputations, no reputations, reprimands, praises, sufferings,
pleasures, joys, depressions, satisfactions and dissatisfactions; there are
dear, disgusting, proud, depressed, compliant, opposed, proud to win, depressed
to defeat, proud to get, depressed to not get, a proud heart with fame, a
frustrated heart with no reputation, a proud heart with praise, a frustrated
heart with rebuke, a proud heart with pleasure, a depressed heart with
suffering, a proud heart with joy, there is a depressed heart in melancholy, a
proud heart in highness and conceit, and a depressed heart in humility.

"After seeing this, you should stop talking about it": "After seeing this," This
trouble: in the quarrel of seeing (views), the argument of seeing, ..., after
seeing, after weighing, .... Arguing is called a quarrel, dispute, dissent,
disagreement, or "arguing," He should not argue, should not dispute, should not
quarrel, should not debate, should not dispute, should not argue with that
unhealthy talk, quarrel..., he should give up, should be driven away, should be
terminated, should be brought to non-existence. He should be separated from
arguing, quarreling, ..., abstaining, quitting, leaving, departing, liberating,
free from the bondage, he should live with an unrestrained heart.

"Because there is no other benefit except the gain of appreciation": There is no
other benefit except appreciation: for oneself or the interests of others, or
both, or the interests of life, or the interests of the afterlife, or the
obvious interests, or the deep interests, or the hidden interests, or
unrighteous interests, or righteous interests, or interests of the people, or
the interests of no fault, or the interests of no pollution, or the interests of
lucidity, or the highest interests, they do not exist, are not known, and are
not discovered.

> 64 &middot; Or he was praised there  
After preaching the theory among the masses,  
Because of that, he will laugh and become arrogant,  
After getting that benefit for which he wished.

"Or he is praised there": "There," he is praised, admired, respected, honored in
his own views, his likes, his inclinations, his opinions.

"After preaching the theory among the masses": After preaching and telling one's
own theories among the khattiya masses, or Brāhmaṇa masses, ...; preaching,
telling, strengthening, broadening, explaining, speaking, and grasping the
detailed theory.

"Because of that he laughs and is arrogant": He becomes a joyous person, with
laughter, a rejoicing person, a delightful person, a fully satisfied person, or
a person who shows his teeth and continues to laugh with that advantage.
"Because of that he laughed and was arrogant": He became triumphant, conceited,
a flag-raiser, had vanity with that victory.

"After gaining that benefit for which he wished": After the victory of the
benefit is obtained, achieved, acquired, possessed, and received. "Become
wishful," become wishful, become wishful in mind, become wishful in intention,
become wishful in consciousness.

> 65 &middot; His highness will be his distress,  
And he would also say this conceitedly and arrogantly,  
After seeing this, he should not argue,  
Because skillful people say that there is no purity because of that.

"His highness will be his distress": "Highness," arrogance, high banner, vanity.
"His distress place," that is his annoying ground (foundation), hurting ground,
oppressing ground, hitting ground, and evil ground.

"And he will also say this conceitedly and arrogantly": That person speaks
conceitedly and arrogantly.

"He should not argue after seeing this": ("After seeing this,") This trouble: in
the quarrel of seeing (views), the argument of seeing, ...; after seeing, after
measuring, .... "He should not argue," he should not quarrel, should not argue,
...; he should abandon, drive away, end, and make it non-existent; he should be
gone from arguing, ...., separated, abstained, renounced, liberated, and should
live with an unrestrained heart.

"Because the skillful people say that there is no purity because of that": "The
skillful people," those who possess skill, those skilled in the realm, those who
are dependent on the skillful, those who mindful of the skillful, those who are
diligent and skillful, the sacred and skillful, the root and the skillful, the
good, those who are righteous, the skilful in the Path, the skillful in the
Fruit, the skillful people of Nibbāna, those skillful ones say this: "This is
the unsagely Dhamma, this is not the Dhamma of the sage, this is the Dhamma of
the fool, this is not the Dhamma of the wise, this is the Dhamma of the non-good
people, this is not the Dhamma of the good people." Those skillful people don't
say, don't tell, don't talk, don't explain, (that in) arguments, quarrels, ...,
there is purity, cleanliness, and complete purity; separation, liberation, and
detachment.

> 66 &middot; As the warrior is nurtured by the king's food,  
Roaring to want an enemy warrior (to fight),  
Hero! Please go there, I didn't have it before,  
That is: to fight (something to fight against).

"As a warrior nurtured by the king's food": "Warrior," warrior, fighter,
warrior-actor, not timid, not frightened, not fearful, and not fleeing.
"Nurtured by the king's food," by the food from the king, is nurtured, raised,
and nurtured by the king's soft food.

"Roaring to want the enemy warrior": The roarer (like thunder), the shouter, the
roarer comes, arrives, (at) the enemy warrior, the enemy, the opponent's wager,
the beneficiary, the hoper, the ardent, the supplicant.

"Hero (Sura — this could also be short for Pasūra)! Please go there": Please
charge, walk, rush, and advance to the evil one. He is your hostile warrior,
enemy, and opponent.

"(I) didn't have it before, that is: to fight": Before, under the Bodhi tree,
all the pollution caused by the hostile, caused by the opponent, caused by the
hostile person, caused by the enemy, this is not, does not exist, is not known,
is not discovered, has been cut off, disconnected, calmed down, stopped, cannot
arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "That is: to fight," That is, for fighting,
for quarreling, for arguing, ....

> 67 &middot; After they have mastered the view,  
They argue, they say: "This is true,"  
Please tell them that when the debate arises,  
There are no hostile actors here.

"They argue after they have mastered it": After a certain evil view of the
sixty-two evil views is held, picked up, clung to, and grasped, they argue,
quarrel, ..., : "You don't know this dhamma and that dhamma, I know this dhamma
and that dhamma; you know the dhamma, what is the dhamma! You are a wicked
person, I am a righteous person; mine is consistent, yours is inconsistent: what
should be said first and then what should be said later (reversed); what you
have been proficient in for a long time is reversed; your theory has been broken
by (my) theory, save (your) theory; you have been compromised, please
disassemble, if you can."

"They say: 'This is true'": "The world is constant, this is true, and everything
else is empty." They say, tell, talk, explain, and say that the world is very
constant. ...(omitted).

"Please tell them that when the debate arises, there are no hostile actors
here": Please tell those who have bad views: debaters who debate, those who
argue with arguments, ...(omitted), those who are your hostile warriors,
enemies, opponents. "Please tell them that when the debate arises, there is no
hostile actor here." When the debate arises, is born, occurs, and appears, the
hostile actor, the opponent actor, and enemy actors will quarrel, they will
argue, .... Those who do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, and have
been cut off..., burned by the fire of wisdom.

> 68 &middot; But after leaving the legion,  
They who don't meet opponents,  
Pasūra! What can you get in them?  
Those who hold nothing here as the supreme.

"But after they leave the legion": "The legion is called a demon army, the
bodily evil act is the devil army; the evil act of speech is the devil army; the
evil act of intention is the devil army; hatred is...; ignorance is...; anger
is...; ...(omitted); all bad works are the devil army.

This was said by the Blessed One: [Sn.3.2]  
"Desire is your first legion,  
Unhappiness is called second,  
Hunger and thirst are your third,  
And thirst (love) is called fourth.  
Deep sleep is your fifth,  
Fear is said to be sixth,  
Doubt is your seventh,  
And stubbornness is your eighth.  
He who has a respectful reputation,  
And the reputation gained by mistakes (wrongfully),  
Who would praise oneself and contempt others.  
Devil! This is your legion,  
Evil (black) attacker,  
Those who have no courage will not defeat him,  
And they will get peace after victory."

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, he is called
called the one who leaves the legion. He is the one who leaves the legion in
what he sees; the one who leaves the legion in what he hears; the one who leaves
the legion in the sense; the one who leaves the legion in the knowledge.

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, that is called
after leaving the army. "They" are Arahants, those who have exhausted their
troubles. "They do," they do, live, act, go on, guard, and survive.

"Those who do not see and oppose views": For them, the sixty-two evil views have
been cut off, severed, .... They do not see opposition, refute, abandon, fight
back, repel the seers (of views).

"Pasūra! What can you get from them": What type of hostile warriors, opponents,
enemies can you get from those Arahants, those who have exhausted their
troubles?

"Those who hold nothing here as the supreme": For those who are Arahants and
those who have exhausted their troubles, "this is the highest, the first, the
most victorious, the best, the top," grasping, clinging, holding, taken,
believed, they don't, they don't exist, they don't know, they are not
discovered, they have been cut off, severed, ....

> 69 &middot; You are coming in contemplation again,  
You only see the evil with the will of your heart,  
When you meet the person who is cleansed,  
You will definitely not be able to move forward.

"You are coming in contemplation again": "Again," the continuation of sentences;
..., which is "again". "Coming in contemplation," pondering, thinking, brooding:
Will I be a winner? Will I be frustrated? ...(omitted). This way of pondering,
thinking, brooding, and reaching, approaching, arriving, and meeting with me.

"Only evil views with the will of the heart": The heart, the mind, the heart,
the white (clean), the meaning, the intent, the consciousness, the knowledge,
and the corresponding consciousness realm: "The world is constant," or "the
world is very constant"... (omitted) or "the Tathāgata after death neither
exists nor does not exist."

"When you encounter the person who is cleansed, you will definitely find it
impossible to move forward": Cleansing is called wisdom, which is wisdom, ....
For what reason is cleansed called Wisdom? With that wisdom, the evil deeds of
the body are shaken off, cleansed, completely cleansed, and washed away; the
evil deeds of speech...; malevolent acts..., greed...; anger, ignorance,
...(omitted)...; all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all scorching
heat, all heat troubles, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, washed,
completely washed, and separated by washing, for this reason cleansing is called
wisdom.

Or, evil views are shaken off..., washed away by right views; evil words...,
right words; evil kamma..., right deeds; evil destiny..., righteous destiny;
evil spirit..., righteous effort; evil thoughts..., right thoughts; evil
deeds..., right concentration; evil wisdom..., right wisdom; evil liberation...,
right liberation; cleansed, completely cleansed, and washed away.

Or, all pollution, all evil deeds, all afflictions, all scorching heat, all heat
afflictions, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, cleansed, completely
cleansed, and separated by cleansing by the eight holy paths, and the Arahant
possesses, fully possesses, enters, fully enters, fully-sufficient,
fully-satisfied, possessing these dhammas that can be cleansed. Therefore, the
Arahant is a cleansed person. He is the one who shakes off the greed, the evil,
the pollution, and the heat (irritation).

"(On) encounter with the cleansed one, you will definitely not be able to move
forward": It is impossible for Pasūra, the marcher, to meet with the cleansed
one, the Buddha and the Blessed One, rendezvous, discuss after the dispute, talk
together, and enter the discussion. What's the reason? The demonstrator Pasūra
is inferior, despicable, low, inferior intent, insignificant, and the Blessed
One is the first, the most triumphant, the superior, the uppermost, the supreme,
the highest. For example, it is impossible for a rabbit to meet with a drunk
elephant and compete after meeting; for example, it is impossible for a jackal
to compete with a lion, to meet together with the beast king, meet and compete
after meeting; ...a young, suckling calf cannot meet with a bull...; ...a crow
cannot meet with the golden-winged bird...; ...an outcast cannot meet with the
king...; ...a mud ghost cannot meet with Indā...; just like this, for the
marcher Pasūra it is impossible to meet, rendezvous, discuss after the
competition, talk together, and enter into discussions with the cleansed one,
the Buddha and the Blessed One. What is the reason? The demonstrator Pasūra is
the one who is inferior, .... Those who benefit from wisdom, those who perceive
wisdom, those who are clever, those who have developed wisdom, those who have
proven to be unimpeded, those who have reached the four fearless ones, those who
hold ten powers, those who are like bulls, those who are like lions, those who
are virtuous people, those who have great wealth, those who have boundless
wisdom, those who have boundless brilliance, those who have boundless
reputation, the rich, the wealthy, the guides, the moderators, the comforters,
the informers, those who make them consider, those who make them see, the one
who makes it clear, the Blessed One is indeed the founder of the unborn Path,
the producer of the unborn Path, the unannounced preacher, the one who knows the
Path; in addition, (his) disciples now live in the companionship of the Path,
and will be those who possess it in the future.

The Blessed One is indeed he Knower and Seer, who knows and sees; he is the one
who is born with eyes, is born with wisdom, is born with Dhamma, and is born
with Brahma; is an interpreter and promoter of righteousness, the immortal
giver, Dhamma King, Tathāgata, there is no one that the Blessed One does not
know, does not see, unknown, does not testify, does not touch with wisdom, the
past, the future, and the present come to the Buddha with all the deeds. In the
field of wisdom, any dhamma that should be guided to reason can be known: one's
own righteousness or other people's righteousness or both, or the current
righteousness or the righteousness of the next life or both, or deep or secret,
or should be led to infer, or have been led to determine, or no-fault or
pollution-free, or clear and pure or supreme interest, they all turn around in
the Buddha's wisdom.

All body kamma is transferred in the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One;
all language kamma...; all mental kamma...; the wisdom of the Buddha and the
Blessed One about the past is barrier-free; ..future...; ...present...; all that
should be guided to infer is the reach of wisdom; all wisdom is guided to be
inferred, and all that should be guided to be inferred is the ultimate wisdom;
the ultimate wisdom is what is guided to be deduced, and there is no wisdom
beyond what is guided to be deduced; there is no way to transcend the wisdom
that is guided and deduced. These dhammas live in mutual restriction, such as
two boxes, where the covers are completely in contact; the lower cover does not
go over the upper one, and the upper cover does not go over the lower one;
restricted to each other. (Similarly, ) all that should be guided... (omitted);
these dhammas live in mutual restriction.

The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred in all the Dhamma,
all the Dhamma is the Buddha, the Blessed One's turning is to belong, the hope
is to belong, the intention is to belong, the mind is to arise, the wisdom of
the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred to all living beings, the Blessed
One Know the intentions of all living beings, know the potential tendency of
troubles, know the behavior, know the solution, know about the less dusty, the
more dusty; the rooted, the dull rooted, the good deeds, the evil deeds, and the
teachability and unteachability of beings; capable and incapable sentient
beings, including the world of heaven, demon, and Brāhmaṇa; generations of
Samaṇas, Brāhmaṇas, heaven, and man all revolve in the wisdom of the Buddha.

Just as all fish, turtles, and even big fish swallowing boats revolve in the
sea, the same is true of the world including heaven, demon, and Brāhmaṇa;
generations including Samaṇas, Brāhmaṇas, heaven, and human all revolve in the
wisdom of Buddha. Such as any bird and even the golden-winged birds turned
around in the field of space. In the same way, those who have the same wisdom as
Sāriputta also revolve around in the field of Buddha wisdom. The wisdom of the
Buddha is pervasive and transcends heaven and human (worlds).

Those wise khattiya, wise Brāhmaṇas, wise homeowners (laypeople), wise Samaṇas,
wise dissidents, sharp breakers who want to do evil views with a wise attitude,
they prepare problems later to see and ask hidden and secret questions of the
Tathāgata; those questions were discussed and answered by the Blessed One with
reasons, (and they) abandoned them, and became the (disciples) of the Blessed
One. At that time, the Blessed One was there to shine with wisdom. [Ps.21]

\newpage
