### 9. Māgandiya

> 70 &middot; After seeing Tanḥā, Aratī, and Ragā,  
I had no desire in lust,  
(So) why this, full of urine and excrement?  
I do not want to touch it with my feet.

"After seeing Tanḥā, Aratī, and Ragā (the daughters of Māra, whose names mean
'thirst, aversion, and attachment'), I have no desire in lust": "After seeing
the daughters of the demon, Tanḥā, Aratī, and Ragā, I had no desire in the
dhamma of lust, greed, or love.

"(So) why (should I desire) this, full of urine and excrement full? I do not
(even) want to touch it with feet": Why (want) this urine full, feces full,
phlegm full, blood full, bone and tendon connected, flesh and blood coated,
blood vessel covered, epidermis covered, (with) more than one hole oozing and
dripping, inhabited by insects and all kinds of saliva and dirt; which I don't
(even) want to touch with my feet, let alone dwell together or cohabitate?

> 71 &middot; If you don't want this kind of treasure,  
A woman who is wanted by the kings of many people,  
What kind of views, precepts and prohibitions,  
Life, survival, and rebirth do you think of?

(Depending on the source, the following explanation is given either below this
stanza, or below the previous one.)

"This is incredible: those who seek the desire of heaven will not want the
desires of earth, or those who seek the desires of the earth will not want the
desires of heaven; whoever does not want either, does not want, does not desire,
does not pray for, what is your view, and which one do you have," he (Māgandiya)
asked.

> 72 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Māgandiya"]  
"I say this (view)" does not exist for him,  
And was held tightly after being selected in the Dhammas,  
But after the person who saw in the views did not pick it (a view) up,  
He sees silence within.

"I say this does not exist for him": "I say this," I said this; I said so; I
said so much; I said it was in this range; I said this evil view: "The world is
everlasting, this is real, and everything else is empty." Whoever says this, his
own views, his likes..., how can one's own intentions be able to cross,
traverse, surpass, and overcome? What is the reason? His vision is completed,
held, grasped, attached, and taken like that, "I have been convinced." How can I
cross it in this way? "The world is very constant... (omitted) The world is
bounded... The world is boundless... Fate is the body... Fate is one body is the
other... Tathāgata exists after death... Tathāgata does not exist after death...
The Tathāgata after death exists and does not exist... The Tathāgata after death
neither exists nor does not exist; this is true, and everything else is empty."
Whoever says like this, his own views, his likes, ..., how can they be able to
cross, traverse, surpass, and overcome? What is the reason? His vision is
completed, held, grasped, grasped, attached, taken, believed and understood like
that. "It does not exist for him," it does not exist. "I said in this range"
does not exist for him.

"Māgandiya," the Blessed One called the Brāhmaṇa by his name. "Blessed One," is
synonymous with respect. In addition, "destroyed greed" is the Blessed One;
"destroyed wicked" is the Blessed One; "destroyed ignorance" is the Blessed One;
"the one who has destroyed the conceit" is the Blessed One; "the one who has
destroyed the sight" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the thorns"
is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the pollutants" is the Blessed
One; "the one who is ended" is the Blessed One; "the one who has practiced the
body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed One; or "the
Blessed One is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting
places): low sound, quiet, away from the human atmosphere, who lives alone, and
is suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One is the one
who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the sick, and medical
necessities; or "the Blessed One is the one who has the taste of righteousness,
the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the precepts, the mind, and the
wisdom" is the World Blessed One; or "the Blessed One is the one with four kinds
of jhāna, four immeasurables, four formlessness, etc.; or "the Blessed One is
the Participant of the Eight Liberations, the Eight Victory Places, and the
Ninth Dwelling Places, etc.;" the one who is purely divided is the Blessed One;
or "the Blessed One is the one who divides the four mindfulness, the four
righteousness, the four bases, the five roots, the five powers, the seven
enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path." The Blessed One
is the one who has ten Tathāgata strength, four fearlessness, four unobstructed
solutions, six magical powers, and six enlightenment methods." The Blessed One
is the Blessed One. "The Blessed One," this name is not given (made) by the
mother; not given by the father; not given by brothers; not by sisters; not by
friends; not by relatives; not by Samaṇas or Brāhmaṇas; not by heaven. This is
ultimate liberation; to Buddha, the World Honored person, and under the Bodhi
tree together with all the knowledge and wisdom gained and testimony, that is,
the Blessed One.

"After being selected in the Dhammas, it is held tightly": "In the Dhammas," in
the sixty-two evil views. "After selection," after decision, after judgment,
after measurement, after evaluation, after judgment, after separation, after
clarification. "To be grasped," limited grasp, partial grasp, uppermost grasp,
fixed amount grasp, accumulation grasp: this is true, truthful, facts,
correctness, and not inverted, to be held, clenched, clinging, taken, believed
to be understood. "This is true," ...; being grasped, attached, taken, believed,
he does not, does not exist, is not known, ....

"But the one who sees in the views does not pick up": When I see the troubles in
the views, I do not hold, grasp, or cling to the view, or I should not hold,
should not cling, should not be persistent.

Or, "The world is everlasting, this is real, and everything else is empty." This
is evil, jungle, desert, distorted, and vacillating views, with suffering and
irritation. There is despair, there is heat, and it does not lead to disgust,
greed, cessation, silence, wisdom, enlightenment, and Nibbāna. When I see the
faults in the views, I don't hold, don't grasp, ....

Or, "The world is very constant...."

Or, "These people who hold this view, those who hold this way, and those who are
interested in this way, they will have this kind of afterlife." When I see the
faults in the views, I don't hold on....

Or, "This view is hell-(world-)oriented, animal-(world-)oriented, and
evil-oriented." When I see the troubles in the various views, I don't hold....

Or, "This view is impermanent, productive, and conditioned by conditions. It is
the extinction, dissolution, fading, and extinction." When I see the faults in
the various insights, I do not hold....

"He sees the silence within himself": The silence within himself is the
stillness of greed within himself; the silence of aversion; the silence of
ignorance; anger..., resent... (omitted, see previous sections)...; all silent,
still, calming down, cooling, cessation, and stillness. When not, when simple;
when selecting; when compulsively selecting; when measuring; when judging; when
distinguishing; when clarifying: "everything is impermanent" when
distinguishing..., "all actions are suffering"... "all dhammas are selfless"
..., "Any collection of dhamma is extinguished" .... "See," to see, to
penetrate.

> 73 &middot; [Like this, Māgandiya:]  
Wherever there is a judgment (of view), Muni!  
You really don't pick up those and say,  
How is the truth of "silence within oneself"  
Proclaimed by the wise?

"The judgment of all fixed views": Judgment is called the judgment of sixty-two
bad views. "Fixed views," built, fixed, contrived, and made cohabiting, or, the
impermanent, the active, and the conditioned are the dhamma of destruction, the
method of dissipation, the method of fading, the method of extinction, and the
method of change.

"Like this Māgandiya": "Like this," the continuation of sentences, ...(omitted,
see previous sections). "Māgandiya," the name, ....

"Muni! You really don't pick up those and then say, the truth of 'the silence
within yourself'": "Those" are sixty-two evil views. "Muni," Muni is called
wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (omitted), no delusion, Dhamma, right
view, possessing Muni wisdom, Muni. There are three kinds of Muni (perfect
virtues): body Muni, language Muni, and intention Muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the Muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the body is the Muni position; the knowledge of the body is the Muni
position; walking the Path with (higher) knowledge is the body of Muni; the
abandonment of desire and greed, cut off, as the Muni; the fourth jhāna
extinction of the body is the position of Muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds of
language is the position of Muni; the four kinds of good acts of language are
the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni;
the knowledge of language is the position of Muni; and knowing the path of all
acts is the position of Muni; the abandonment of desire and greed of language is
the position of Muni; the second jhāna cessation of language is the position of
language Muni.

What is intention Muni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are
the Muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the mind-object is the Muni position; the knowledge of the heart is
the Muni position; the one that walks the Path with knowledge is the position of
Muni; the desire and greed of the heart being judged is the position of Muni;
the desire to perish the mind is the position of Muni.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.  
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil."

The six types of Muni have these three modes of Muni: Muni at home, Muni without
a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni, Muni (of the)
Muni. Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footsteps and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those bhikkhus
who have seen the footsteps and who have learned the precepts are homeless Muni.
There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning
Muni, and Bhikkhu Buddha as Bhikkhu Muni. Muni (of) Muni is called Tathāgata,
Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-wise is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,  
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.  
Avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,  
Everyone who understands the (inner and outer sum) in the world,  
Because that is said to be Muni.  
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world,  
The unwholesome and the good behind the Dhamma,  
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man,  
Beyond staining and the net, he is Muni."

"After not picking up," you say: "When I see the troubles in the views, I will
not grasp, ...." And you say: "The silence within yourself." "This truth," the
highest truth.

"How is it proclaimed by the wise man": "How?," Question of doubt, ...(omitted,
see previous sections). The "wise man" is the wise man, the enlightened man, the
distinguished man, and the wise man who has given up his craving for adhesion.
After breaking the adhesion of the mind, one will not be contaminated in what
you see; not contaminated in what you smell; not contaminated in what you feel;
not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated, no longer
contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated closely.
He has left, has departed, has been liberated, has been freed from bondage, he
dwells with an unrestrained heart. "To be declared," to be perceived, to be
declared, to be explained, to be taught, to be told, to be established, to be
revealed, to be analyzed, to be elucidated, to be explained.

> 74 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Māgandiya!"]  
Not based on seeing (views), not based on what is heard, not based on wisdom,  
Nor is it said that taking precepts and prohibitions is pure,  
Nor due to ignorance (of views), non-hearing,  
Non-wisdom, non-precepts, non-prohibitions,  
But after giving up and not picking up these,  
the silent ones won't be eager for being if they don't cling.

"Neither seeing, nor hearing, nor wisdom": Seeing is pure, clean, and all pure;
to be separated, liberated, and free, he does not say, speak, talk, explain, or
say; regarding what has been heard as pure, ...; regarding wisdom as pure, ....

"Māgandiya," .... "Blessed One," ....

"Neither is it said that taking precepts and prohibitions is purity": Taking
precepts as pure, clean, ...; taking prohibition as pure, ....

"It's also not because of seeing nothing, hearing nothing, knowing nothing, in a
state without precepts, in a state without prohibitions": seeing should be
wanted, ten things are right view: There is generosity, there is offering, there
are offerings, there are the fruits and rewards of good and evil kamma, there
are this world, there are other worlds, there are mothers, fathers, and
biological life, in the world there are righteous Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas to prove
(their) wisdom. Hearing should also be wanted: Voices on the other side, Suttas,
Geyya, Veyyākaraṇa, Gātha, Udāna, Itivuttaka, Jātaka, Abbhuta Dhamma, Vedalla.
Wisdom should also be wanted: kamma wisdom, true-following wisdom, supernatural
wisdom, etc. Precepts should also be wanted: the self-control of Pātimokkha.
Prohibition should also be wanted: forest dwelling, often begging for food, dung
sweeping clothing, only three clothing, second begging, not eating after eating,
often sitting (not lying), staying anywhere.

"It is also not due to the unseeing, the unheard, the unwise, the state without
precepts, the state without prohibitions": Not only with right view; not only
with hearing; not only with wisdom; not only with precepts, it is not only to
forbid the silence within oneself to be reached, nor to obtain the silence
within oneself with these dhammas, but to obtain, reach, get, and testify to the
silence within oneself with these dhammas as a means.

"But after giving up and not picking up these": "These," from the eradication of
the black dhamma, the abandonment can be wanted; in the three realms of good
dhamma, there is no equivalent state that can be wanted. When the black
companion dhamma is cut off by eradication, and the roots have been cut off,
just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, non-living for the
future, and in the state of being equal to the other in the three realms, it's
that he doesn't hold, grasp, or cling. Or, (these) shouldn't be held, shouldn't
be grasped, shouldn't be clung to. When the thirst for love and seeing and
conceit are cut off, the root has been cut off, just like a palm tree without
roots, it becomes non-being, something that will not grow for the future. This
situation is also that he does not pick up, grasp, or cling.

When the blessed and non-blessed deeds and immovable deeds are cut off, the
roots are cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent,
unborn things for the future, this situation is also that he does not hold to,
grasp, or cling.

"The silent person will not yearn for being after he doesn't cling": "The silent
person," The "greed has subsided state" is the silent one; the "aversion has
subsided state" is the silent one; the "ignorance has subsided state" is the
silent one; the anger..., resentment..., (omitted, see previous sections),
quenched state, calmed down state, extinguished state, the cooled state, the
departed state, and the halted state are the silent, stopped, calmed, cooled,
and halted.

"After not relying on," there are two kinds of dependence: the dependence of
craving and the dependence of seeing...(omitted, see previous sections). After
giving up, the one who breaks the thirst for love, after the refusal of the
mind, the one who does not cling to the eyes; ...to the ears; ...nose, tongue,
body, all forms, all sounds, smells, tastes, touches, dhammas, home, group,
...(omitted, see previous sections)..., all the dhammas that can be seen, heard,
felt, and can be understood are not followed; after not grasping, after not
holding to, after not clinging. "I don't want to be there," I don't want to have
it; I don't want to have form; he doesn't want to have formlessness, he won't
hope; he won't pray.

> 75 &middot; [Like this, Māgandiya:]  
If it is true that it is not pure by seeing, by hearing, by wisdom,  
Nor by virtue of precepts and prohibitions,  
Nor by non-seeing, non-hearing, non-wisdom,  
Nor non-precepts or non-prohibitions,  
I think it is the confused method;  
Some people return to purity by seeing (views).

"If it is true that it is not based on seeing, not based on what has been heard,
not based on wisdom": Seeing as pure, ...(omitted).

"Like this Māgandiya": ....

"Nor is it said that that taking precepts and prohibitions is purity": ....

"Nor because of seeing nothing, hearing nothing, knowing nothing, in a state
without precepts, in a state without prohibitions": ....

"I think it is the method (dhamma, teaching) of confusion": This is your method
of confusion, foolishness, ignorance, and sophistry (deception). I think so; I
know so; I don't do that; I know it for sure; I know it well.

"Some people return to purity through views": Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas return
to seeing pure views as pure, clean, and all pure; detachment, liberation,
disengagement: some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas return to "The world is constant, this
is true, and the others are empty." The view is pure, clean, all-around pure,
...; "the world is very constant..." ....

> 76 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Māgandiya!"]  
After repeatedly questioning after seeing it (Māgandiya's own view),  
And coming to ignorance in gripping it,  
You don't see (even) a subtle thought from here,  
So you think (see) it as confused.  

"After seeing and repeatedly questioning": Māgandiya Brāhmaṇa insisted after
seeing and questioning, after insisting on adhesion, he asked about adhesion,
after relying on tethering, he interrogated about tethering, and after
obstructing he was interrogating obstacles. Questioning again and again.

"Māgandiya," ....

"Coming to ignorance in holding tightly": Whenever that view is held by you,
clinging to, holding, taking, and believing, you will become foolish,
bewildered, and ignorant with your view; come to foolishness, come to delusion,
come to confusion, leap into confusion.

"But you don't see the subtle thoughts from here": From here, from the silence
within himself, or from the Path, or from the teachings of the Dhamma, he did
not get the proper thoughts, thoughts of arrival, thoughts of phenomena,
thoughts of causes, thinking, "where is wisdom from?" This is the case, he
doesn't see the subtle thoughts from here. Or, "he doesn't get impermanence or
impermanence thinking; suffering or oblivious thinking; without self or
conformity without self thinking; only wanting to arise or only cognition, where
does wisdom come from?"

"Therefore you think (see it) as confusing": "Therefore," "Therefore,"
therefore; the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause; is set, seen,
watched, contemplated, and observed as the delusion, foolishness, ignorance,
sophistry.

> 77 &middot; Equal or superior or inferior,  
He who thinks (this) will argue because of that,  
When unshakable in the three kinds,  
He does not want to be (care about) "equal, superior."

"Equal or superior or inferior, whoever he thinks (he is one of these) he will
argue because of that": Anyone who thinks "I am the same" or "I am the winner"
or "I am the inferior," with that conceit, who would quarrel, argue, dispute, or
dissent with him when he sees him: "You don't know this dhamma and that dhamma,
I know this dhamma and that dhamma; you know the dhamma, what is the dhamma! You
are a wicked person, I am a righteous person; mine is consistent, yours is
inconsistent: what should be said first and then what should be said later
(reversed); what you have been proficient in for a long time is reversed; your
theory has been broken by (my) theory, save (your) theory; you have been
compromised, please disassemble, if you can."

"When he does not waver in the three types, he does not want to be "equal and
superior": For him, these three are cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped,
unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he does not waver, does not
shake, and becomes an unshakable person: "I am the same" or "I am the winner" or
"I am the inferior." "He doesn't want to be" is "I" don't want to.

> 78 &middot; Why would the Brāhmaṇa say "true,"  
Or with whom would he argue "false?"  
When there are no equal or unequal ones,  
With him will he dispute?

"Why would that Brāhmaṇa say 'true'": "Brāhmaṇa," .... "Why would the Brāhmaṇa
say "true": Why does the Brāhmaṇa say, tell, talk, explain, say: "The world is
everlasting, ....?"

"Or who will he argue with 'false'": "Mine is real, and yours is vain." With
what conceit and with what person will Brāhmaṇa quarrel, argue, dispute,
disregard: "You don't know this dhamma, ...."

"For whom there is no 'equal' or 'unequal'": "Who is...," who is a person, an
Arahant, who has exhausted troubles, is not conceited as "I am the same," not
conceited as "I am the winner," and not conceited as "I am the inferior," he
does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, ..., burned
by the fire of wisdom.

"Who will he contend with": Which person will he be able to contend with, with
what conceit and what views he will be able to contend with, quarreling,
arguing, ...: "You don't know this dhamma, ...."

> 79 &middot; After leaving his home,  
He became a traveller without a place to live,  
And Muni did not make close contacts in the village.  
Those whose desires have been eliminated,  
Those who do not have expectations,  
Will not engage in arguing discussions with others.

At one time, the homeowner Hāliddikāni went to see the Venerable Mahākaccāna.
After arriving, he asked the Venerable Mahākaccāna for inquiries, and then sat
down aside. After sitting on the side, the homeowner, Hāliddikāni, said to the
Venerable Mahākaccāna [SN.22.3]:

"Mahākaccāna! In this group of eight questions of Māgandiya spoken by the
Blessed One:

'After leaving his home,  
He became a traveller without a place to live.  
In the village, Muni did not make close contacts.  
Those whose desires have been eliminated,  
Those who do not have expectations,  
Will not engage in arguing discussions with others.'

Mahākaccāna, Great Virtue! How should the principles that the Blessed One spoke
briefly be understood in detail?"

"Homeowner! The realm of form is the home of consciousness, and those who are
bound by the greed of the form are called 'walkers who have a home;' feeling is
the home of consciousness, and those who are bound by the greed of feeling are
called 'walkers with homes,' homeowner! This is the home of consciousness.

Homeowner! What is a homeless person? Homeowner! Desire, greed, joy, thirst,
clinging, love, heart attachment, holding, troubles to the physical realm: these
have been cut off for the Tathāgata, the root has been cut off, just like the
root of a palm tree has been cut off, becoming non-existent, and they will not
be born in the future. Therefore, the Tathāgata is called the 'homeless man.'
Homeowner! Feeling, ..., perception..., choices..., consciousness..., these have
been cut off for the Tathāgata, .... Therefore, the Tathāgata is called the
'homeless man.' Homeowner! This is a homeless person.

Homeowner! What is a traveler with a place to live? Homeowner! Those who
dissipate and bind in the residence of the form are called 'walkers with
dwellings;' in the sound..., in the smell, ...in the taste, ...in the touch...,
'walker with a dwelling,' homeowner! This is the one who has a place to live.

Homeowner! What is a traveler without a place? Homeowner! Dissipation and
bondage in the form abode have been cut off for the Tathāgata, .... Therefore,
the Tathāgata is called the 'walker without a place.' In the sound ...(omitted),
...in Dhamma abode, ...that will not live in the future. Therefore, the
Tathāgata is called the 'walker without a place,' homeowner! This is the one who
has no place to live.

Homeowner! How does one bring up close associates in the village? Homeowner!
Here, a certain type of bhikkhu lives in socializing with his family members,
sharing joys and sorrows: when they are happy, when they are suffering, he is
involved in (their) affairs and obligations by himself, homeowner! In this way,
intimate associates arise in the village.

Homeowner! How can there be no close associates in the village? Homeowner! Here,
a certain type of bhikkhu lives without socializing with his family members, in
joys and sorrows: not when they are happy, not when they are suffering, he does
not consider himself involved in (their) affairs and obligations, homeowner! In
this way, no intimate associates arise in the village.

Homeowner! How are the desires not given up? Homeowner! Here, a certain type of
bhikkhu is not free from greed, desire, love, passion, and thirst in desire,
homeowner! This is the one who has not given up all desires.

Homeowner! What is the one who has been given up? Homeowner! Here, a certain
type of bhikkhu has been detached from greed, love, desire, irritation, and
thirst in desire, homeowner! This is the one who has been given up.

Homeowner! What is the hopeful one? Homeowner! Here, a certain type of bhikkhu
thinks like this: 'I will have this form in the future.' He looked for joy
[MN.132] there; there will be such feelings..., there will be such thoughts...,
there will be such behaviors....' I will have such knowledge in the future.' He
was looking for joy there. Homeowner! This is the hopeful one.

Homeowner! What is the one who has no expectations? Homeowner! Here, a certain
type of bhikkhu thinks like this: 'I will have this form in the future. He is
not looking for joy there; there will be such feelings....' He is not looking
for joy there. Homeowner! This is the one who has no expectations.

Homeowner! What is an interlocutor who argues with people? Homeowner! Here,
someone is a talker like this: 'You don't know the dhamma...(omitted).'
Homeowner! This is the interlocutor who argues with people.

Homeowner! What is an interlocutor who does not argue with others? Homeowner!
Here, someone is not a talker like this: 'You don't know this dhamma....'
Homeowner! This is an interlocutor who does not argue with others. In this way,
homeowner! In the eight groups of questions asked by the Blessed One by
Māgandiya:

'After leaving his home,  
He became a traveller without a place to live.  
In the village, Muni did not make close contacts.  
Those whose desires have been eliminated,  
Those who do not have expectations,  
Will not engage in arguing discussions with others.'

Homeowner! The detailed rationale of what Blessed One said briefly should be
understood in this way."

> 80 &middot; Those who are far away (secluded) in the world are able,  
And noble ones will not pick up and say those things,  
Like an aquatic thorn water lotus, not polluted by water and mud,  
Like this, Muni is is a silent one, a non-greedy person,  
And is not polluted in desire and the world.

"In the world, those who are far away can do it": Away from those, from those
evil views. Far from those who have done evil with their bodies, those who have
been emptied, and those who have been separated; those who have done evil with
words..., evil with intentions..., with greed.... "Can do," able to do, to live,
to act, to go on, to protect, to exist, and to survive. "In the world," in the
world of mankind.

"Noble ones (nāgas; also meaning elephant) will not pick up and say those things
afterwards": "Noble ones," "don't commit crimes" for noble ones; "don't go" for
noble ones; "don't come" for noble ones. What is "no crime" as a noble one?
Crimes are called evil and unwholesome dhammas: those that are polluted, that
there are re-existing, those that are fearful, those that suffer the
consequences, and the ones that will die in the future.

The Blessed One [Sn.3.6, 527]:  
'Do not commit any crimes in the world,  
After leaving all bonds and bonds,  
Not sticking to everything,  
Freed people like this are truly called noble ones.'

How is "not going" as a noble one? A noble one does not go because of not
wanting; not because of terror; not because of greed; not because of hatred; not
because of ignorance; not because of conceit; not because of views; not because
of disbelief; not because of doubt; not because of potential troubles; not be
carried away by quarrels (disharmony), walk, led, be taken.

How is "not coming" as a noble one? Any pollution that is cut off by the
Sotāpanna Path, the pollution he no longer experiences, does not return, and
does not go back; by the Sakadāgāmī Path...; by the Anāgāmī Path...; by the
Arahant Path....

"Noble ones will not pick up and say those things": "Noble ones will not hold,
grasp, cling to, and persist in those bad views and then speak, tell, talk,
explain, or say; "The world is everlasting... (omitted)." After, talking,
saying, explaining, speaking.

"Like an aquatic thorn water lotus, not polluted by water and mud": Water (elaṃ)
is called water (udaka); lotus (ambujaṃ) is called lotus (paduma); thorns are
called thick-stemmed; water (vāri) is called water; lotus (vārijaṃ) is called
lotus; water (jalaṃ) is called water; mud (paṅko) is called mud (kaddamo). For
example, the aquatic lotus, which arises from water, is not contaminated by
water and mud, not strongly contaminated, and not closely contaminated, no
longer contaminated, no longer completely contaminated, no longer contaminated
closely.

"Muni like this is a quiet, non-greedy person, and will not be polluted in
desire and the world": "Like this" is a metaphorical arrangement. "Muni," ....
"Silent," Muni is silent (a proponent of silence), a medic, a refuge, a shelter,
a non-terror one, an undeath one, an immortal, and a Nibbāna one. Muni is a
silent one. "Non-greed," Craving is called craving, that is greed.... For for
whom this this greed is cut off, ..., he is called the non-greed person; he is
the non-greed person in appearance (form), in sound..., in smell...,
...(omitted), ...the dhammas that are seen, heard, perceived, and knowable, are
those who are not greedy, those who are not bound, those who are not obsessed
with, and are not sinful. Those who have departed from greed, those who have no
greed, those who have abandoned greed, those who have eliminated greed, those
who have been freed from greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have
no greed, those who are not hungry, those who have cooled down, those who have
become cool, those who feel happy, those who live as a Brāhmaṇa.

"Not to be polluted in desire and the world," "Desire," .... "In the world":
.... "Adhesion," .... After Muni breaks off the adhesion of thirst and love,
after breaking the adhesion of seeing, he will not be contaminated in what he
sees; in the world of desire and the world, he is not contaminated, .... He has
left, ....

> 81 &middot; A person who knows the Vedas  
Does not become arrogant in seeing or perceiving,  
Because he is not equal to others (is not like them),  
He is not guided by kamma or what is heard,  
He is not a follower in the residence.

"A person who knows the Vedas does not come to conceit by seeing or feeling."
"No" is negative. "A person who knows the Vedas." The Vedas are called wisdom,
root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment, investigation, vipassanā, right
view in the four realms. For those who have reached the ultimate (target) in the
Vedas, those who have reached the ultimate, have reached the end; those who have
reached the end, have reached the boundary (ultimate); those who have reached
the boundary, have reached the end; those who have reached the end, have arrived
at the shelter; those who have reached the shelter, have reached the refuge;
those who have reached the refuge, have reached safety; those who have reached
safety, have reached no terror; those who have reached no terror, have reached
no death; those who have reached no death, have reached the undeath; those who
have reached the undeath, have reached extinction; those who have reached
extinction, have reached the Nibbāna. Or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is
the one who knows the Vedas, or the known state of the seven dhammas is the one
who knows the Vedas: seeing is knowns suspicion is known, abstinence is known,
greed is known, hatred is known, ignorance is known, conceit is known, and its
evil and unwholesome methods are known: contaminated, again, fearful, suffering,
the future will live and die.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 534]  
"Select all the Vedas,  
All those belonging to the Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas that exist here,  
He is free from greed in all feelings,  
And after surpassing all Vedas, he is one who knows the Vedas well."

"Not to see," For him, the sixty-two evil views have been cut off, ..., he will
not be carried away by seeing, ..., not return to that evil view as the core.
"Not to be perceived," in the form of perception, or in other sounds, or with
the approval of the public, he does not arrive arrogantly, does not arrive, does
not hold, does not grasp, does not cling.

"Because he is not equal to the other": He is not equal to the other because of
thirst, because of seeing, he is the highest, he is to the other side. Thirst,
seeing and conceit have been cut off for him, .... This situation is not equal
to the other, the other is the highest, and the other is to the other shore.

"Not to be guided by kamma and what is heard": "Not to be led by kamma," not to
be carried, taken away, carried, or transported by blessed kamma or non-good
kamma or immovable kamma. "Not to be guided by what you hear," not to be heard
by the pure, or to be carried away by other voices, or with the approval of the
public to be carried, taken away, carried, or transported.

"He is the one who does not follow in the dwelling": "Following": There are two
types of following: the following of craving and the following of seeing...
(omitted). For him, the following of craving has been cut off, .... In the
dwelling place he is not guided, polluted, approached, stained, or directed. He
has left, ....

> 82 &middot; There is no binding for those who leave the tie,  
And there are no delusions for those who are freed by wisdom,  
Whoever holds to seeing (perceiving) and seeing (views),  
They will walk with friction in the world.

"There is no bond for those who leave the tie": For the practitioners of the
holy path, where samatha is the forerunner, when the initial bond has been
suppressed, when he reaches the state of Arahant, for the Arahant, knots,
delusions, all kinds of covers, desires, malicious thoughts, harmful thoughts,
and seeing thoughts are cut off, ....

"There is no delusion for those who are liberated through wisdom": Vipassanā is
the leading practice, it includes that the initial ignorance has been
suppressed, and when the Arahant reaches the state of Arahant, for the Arahant,
ignorance, binding, arrogance, desire, malice, and persecution have been cut
off, ....

"Whoever holds the thoughts and sees, they produce friction and walk in the
world": Whoever holds the thoughts: desires, malicious thoughts, and harmful
thoughts, they create friction and mutual friction (with each other) because of
their thoughts: the king and the king theory, khattiya and khattiya..., Brāhmaṇa
and Brāhmaṇa, homeowner and homeowner, mother and son, son and mother, father
and son, son and father, brothers and brothers, sisters and sisters, brothers
and sisters, sisters and brothers, friends and friends. When they quarrel,
fight, and argue, they attack each other with fists, clods, clubs, and swords,
there, they suffer death, or suffering like death [MN.13]. Those who hold the
view: "The world is everlasting"...(omitted), they have friction and mutual
friction due to seeing: friction between master and master, friction between the
narrator of the dhamma and the narrator of the dhamma, friction between groups
and groups, friction between seeing (views) and seeing (views), friction between
path and path, and friction between way and way.

Or, they argue, quarrel, fight, brawl, dispute, and disagree: "You don't know
the dhamma ...." Their behavior is not cut off, and the state of the various
behaviors is not cut off, they create friction in the place of interest: in hell
they create friction, in the animal world..., in the hungry ghost world..., in
the human world..., in the heavenly world they produce friction, interest and
interest..., death and rebirth..., birth and rebirth..., being and being...,
reincarnation and reincarnation..., circulation and circulation they produce
friction, rubbing against each other, talking, walking, staying, acting, going
on, guarding, surviving. "In the world," ....

\newpage
