### 10. Before Disintegration

> 83 &middot; What kind of precepts are seen  
By those who are called "silent ones?"  
Gotama! Please tell me about that,  
(When) asked about the best person.

"The kind of precepts are seen by the one who is called 'the silent one'": "the
one who sees," has what kind of view, what kind of establishment, what kind of
contrasting seeing. "What kind of precepts," what kind
of precepts are possessed, what kind of precepts are established, and what kind
of contrasts. What precepts for what kind of witnesses. "Called 'the silent
one,'" Being called, being said, being told, being talked, being explained,
being said to be a quiet person, a silent person, a calmed one, a cooled one,
and a rest(ing) one. The "what kind of seer" increases wisdom for inquiries;
"what kind of precepts" increases the precepts for inquiries; "silent ones"
increase mind for inquiries.

"Gotama! Please tell me about that": "That," everything I ask; everything I beg
for; everything I inquire for; everything that makes me clear. "Gotama," the man
called the Buddha and the Blessed One by his name. "Please tell," please tell,
please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover,
please analyze, please clarify.

"Inquired about the supreme being": "The one being asked," The one being
interrogated; the one being inquired, the one being inquired of, the one that is
asked, the one who makes it clear. "The Supreme Being," The first, the most
victorious, the extraordinary, the top, the top person.

> 84 &middot; [The Blessed One, Like This:]  
Before the disintegration, he is one  
Who is detached from thirst, not dependent on the past,  
Not counted in the middle,  
For him (nothing) is valued (preferred).

"Detached from thirst before the disintegration": Before the body
disintegrates; before the self disintegrates; before the corpse is abandoned;
before the root of life is cut off, the unthirsty, no longer thirsty, those who
have given up their thirst, those who are rid of their cravings, those who have
been liberated from thirst, those who have extinguished their thirst, those who
have renounced their thirst, those who have renounced greed, those who have no
greed, those who have eliminated greed, those who have been freed from greed,
those who have given up greed, those who are not hungry, those who have been
cooled, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who live as
Brāhmaṇa.

"Blessed One," ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Those who do not depend on the past": The past is called the past life, the
craving for the past life has been cut off, seeing has been cut off, in the
state where the craving has been cut off, seeing the state of being cut off,
this is to not be dependent on the past. In addition, "I used to have such a
form in the past..." looking for joy there. "I had such feelings... (omitted,
see previous sections)..."

"What should not be counted (reckoned) in the middle": The middle is called the
present tense, the craving for the present tense has been cut off, ..., the
state of mind should not be counted as the "infected," should not be counted as
the "disgusting," should not be counted as the "ignorant," should not be counted
as the "bound person," shouldn't be counted as "the one who clings," shouldn't
be counted as "coming to chaos," should not be counted as "coming to the
undesirable," should not be counted as "coming to the fortitude,", those deeds
have been discarded, when the deeds have been discarded, they should not be
counted in the interests: "one of falls to hell (world)" or "beast world," or
"hungry ghost world," or "human," or "heaven," or "formed," or "formless," or
"thinking," or "non-thinking," or "neither thinking nor non-thinking," he has no
cause, no predestiny, and no factor where he will fall.

"What for him is not valued": "For him," for the Arahant, for the person who has
exhausted his troubles. There are two kinds of emphasis on "valued": the
emphasis on eagerness and the emphasis on seeing... (omitted, see previous
sections). For him, the value of craving has been cut off, the value of seeing
has been cut off, ..., he does not see thirsty love before or after, thirst for
love is not (raised as) the flag, thirst for love is not built, ...not
increased, ...seeing is not the flag, ..., not to be thirsty or follow views,
this is not valued for him. In addition, "I will have this kind of form in the
future life." There is no joy; ...(omitted, see previous sections). The heart
has no hope for the unobtained, because of the hopelessness of the heart, he
doesn't like it; when he doesn't like it, this is not valued by him.

> 85 &middot; Those who are not angry, those who are not afraid,  
Those who do not show off, those who do not regret,  
The speaker after consideration, the one who does not give up,  
He is indeed Muni with self-controlled speech.

"Those who are not angry, those who are not afraid": Whoever is called "not
angry," anger should be spoken of first (This passage is unclear to me:
_Akkodhanoti yañhi kho vuttaṃ. Api ca kodho tāva vattabbo._). Anger is arisen in
ten forms: "He has acted against me." [AN.9.29] Anger is aroused; "He is against
my behavior." Anger is aroused; "He will act against me." Anger is aroused; "He
has been unfavorable to my beloved and desirable behavior..., is unfavorable...,
will be unfavorable." Anger is aroused; "He has benefited from what I do not
love, undesirable..." Anger is arisen; or anger is arisen unjustified. Any kind
of anger, hostility, hatred, aversion, evil, heart aversion, state of anger,
aggression, brutal anger, rage, displeased heart, this is called anger.

In addition, the extreme and small states of anger should be perceived:
sometimes anger is only the degree of turbidity, but not as much as frowning;
sometimes anger is just as frowning, but not as much as gritted teeth; sometimes
anger is just the degree of gritted teeth, but not as much as verbal abuse;
sometimes anger is only to the level of verbal abuse, but not as much as looking
around for a weapon; sometimes anger is just looking around in all directions
(for a weapon), but not as much as the degree of (acquiring) the cane; sometimes
the anger is only the degree of the cane, but not the degree of (pulling out)
the cane; sometimes the anger is just the degree of the cane, but not as much as
hitting with the cane; sometimes anger is just the hit of the cane, but not
enough to fracture; sometimes anger is just fracturing and not enough to the
degree of rupture; sometimes anger is only the degree of rupture, but not as
much pulling apart every limb; sometimes anger is only the degree to which every
limb is pulled apart, but not enough to kill; sometimes anger is just the taking
away of life, but not as much as the degree of abandoning himself. When the
angry person kills himself after killing others, this situation is that the
anger further reaches the increase, and the further reaches the increase. For
him for whom this anger is cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable to
arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the unangered. The state
of having given up on anger is regarded as not angry; the state of knowledge
about anger is regarded as not angry; the state of being cut off from anger is
regarded as not angry.

"Those who are not afraid," here, one type of person is one who is afraid, those
who have fear, and those who have terror. They tremble, have fear, terror, and
come fear: "I can't get a home, or I can't get a group (crowd), or I can't get
shelter, or I can't get profit, or I can't get reputation, or I can't get
praise, or I can't get pleasure, or I can't get clothes, or I get a group meal,
or I cannot get a bed seat, or I cannot get the patient's necessities and
medical necessities, or I cannot get care, or I am not known." He was trembling,
horrified, afraid, and fearful.

Here, the Bhikkhu is the one who is not afraid, has no terror, and fearless. He
does not tremble, have fear, or come to fear: "I can't get a home, ...." He does
not tremble, ..., or come to fear.

"Those who do not show off, those who do not regret": Here, one type of person
is boasting and showing off. He boasts and shows off: I am a "sufficient
person," or a "person of precepts," or a "person of prohibitions," or "by birth,
or by surname, or by good family, or by appearance and beauty like a lotus, or
by property, ...(omitted, see previous sections)," he boasted and showed off. He
doesn't boast or show off like this. From boasting and showing off, separation,
abstaining, renunciation, he lives with an unrestrained heart.

"Those who do not regret," "Regret," the improper behavior of the hands is
regret, the improper behavior of the feet is also regret, the improper behavior
of the hands and feet is also regret, the inappropriate thought of as
appropriate, the appropriate thought of as inappropriate, the untimely thought
of as timely, the timely thought of as untimely, what is innocent is thought of
as sin, what is sinful is thought of as innocent, all regret like this, the path
of regret, the state of regret, the regret of the heart, the confusion of the
mind, this is called regret.

In addition, regret, heart regret, and confusion of mind arise from two factors:
what is done and what is not done ...(omitted, see previous sections). He has
regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind. This is what has been done and
what has not been done, and regrets, heart regrets, and confusion of mind arise.

Or, "I am not a full-fledged person in the precepts...." For him for whom regrets
have been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by
the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who does not regret.

"The speaker after consideration, the one who does not give up": After
consideration, it is called wisdom, which is wisdom, ...(omitted). When there
are many talks; wen there is a lot of explanation; when there is a lot of talk,
he considers, explores, and then speaks. He does not say what is said by evil.
"Those who do not fall away," where, what is falling away? Wherever the heart is
falling away, there is no silence; the heart is scattered; the heart is
confused, which is called falling away. For him for whom this has been cut
off....

"He is indeed a Muni who has self-controlled speech": Here, after the bhikkhu
abandons his words, he is a not a liar, truthful, true, reliable, trustworthy,
and non-deceitful to the world. After discarding speaking, he is a distant
speaker: hearing from here, he does not speak there to divide people, these
people, like this, he is the mediator of division, the disseminator of harmony,
the one who is willing to reconcile, the one who likes to reconcile, and the
speaker of reconciliation. After abandoning the rough and evil words, he is the
one who leaves the rough and evil words; the soft, pleasant, lovely and
tempting, elegant, pleasant, and loved words by everyone, words like this are
said by him. After cutting off the obscene language, he is the one who is free
from the obscene language: he is the speaker of the right time, the speaker of
the facts, the speaker of the benefit, the speaker of the Dhamma; he is the
speaker of value at the right time, reasonable, restrained, and profitable words
[AN.4.198]. He has four kinds of good deeds and four kinds of faultless words.
He has been separated from the thirty-two beastly words, has renounced, has
given up, has departed, has been freed, has given up his bondage, he lives with
an unrestrained heart.

He said ten things to talk about, namely: the theory of less desire, the theory
of contentment..., the theory of living alone..., the theory of
noncommunicating..., the theory of vitality..., the theory of commandment...,
the conclusion..., the theory of wisdom..., the theory of liberation..., the
theory of liberation wisdom..., mindfulness theory..., right diligence
theory..., divine bases theory..., root theory..., power theory...,
enlightenment theory..., Path theory..., Fruit theory, and Nibbāna theory.
"Words with self-control" are cautious, prudent, guarded, protected, and silent.
"Muni," ....

> 86 &middot; There is no bondage in the future,  
He does not lament the past,  
He sees touch (as) far away,  
And he is not guided in seeing (views).

"A person who has no bonds in the future": Attachment is called craving, which
is greed, .... For him, those who (do not) have this attachment, their cravings
cut off, ..., are those who are unbound in the future. In addition, "I will have
such a form in my future life." ...(omitted). Because of the lack of hope of the
heart, one doesn't like it; when you don't like it, this is also the unbounded
actor in the future. "My ears will be like that in the future, and my voice will
be like that.".... In addition, "I will become (into) the heaven or one of the
heavens with this virtue, prohibition, asceticism, and Brahma." I do not hope
for what is not obtained, and because of the lack of hope of the heart, I do not
like it.

"He does not lament the past": He does not grieve for what has changed, or is
not sad for what is changing: "My eyes have changed." He is not sad; my ears
.... He is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not crying, not coming into
confusion.

"Seeing touch as far away": eye contact, ear contact, nose contact, tongue
contact, body contact, intention contact, name contact, opposite contact
[DN.15], a touch that should feel happy, a touch that should feel bitter, a
touch that should feel neither suffering nor happiness, good touch, unwholesome
touch, non-remembering touch, desire touch, physical touch, formless touch,
empty touch, non-contact, unwilling touch, world touch, out of the world touch,
the past, the future, the present, and the state of touch, contact, complete
contact, and the state of complete contact like this is called touch.

"Seeing touch as far away": With me, or with what I have, or with constant, or
with eternity, or with unchanging methods, he sees eye contact as far away; ...,
he sees ear contact as far away;. ...(omitted) as far away from "I," or "what I
am," or "forever," or "everlasting," or "unchanging."

Or, he sees the past being touched by the future and the present; he sees the
future being touched by the past and the present; he sees the present being
touched by the past and the future, or, where those holy, no worries, out of the
world, and void-related touch, the touch of greed he sees as far away; anger...,
ignorance..., (omitted).

"He is not guided in seeing": For him, the sixty-two evil views have been cut
off, ..., and he will not be carried away by seeing, taken away, carried, nor
return to that evil view as the core.

> 87 &middot; Those who have withdrawn, not scheming,  
Not eager, not stingy,  
Those who are not arrogant, not (morally) disgusting,  
Not keen on (divisive) discourse.

"Withdrawal, non-scheming": "Withdrawal," The abandoned greed state is the
withdrawn; the abandoned abuse state is the withdrawn; ...foolishness...,
anger..., (omitted). This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! How are the bhikkhus
withdrawn? Bhikkhus! Here, the conceit of the bhikkhus' self-being has been cut
off, and the roots have been cut off, like a palm tree without roots, becoming a
non-existent thing for the future, Bhikkhus! The Bhikkhu is withdrawn like this.
[AN.4.38]"

"Non-scheming," there are three kinds of scheming: scheming to use resources,
scheming of deportment, and scheming of talking all around for gain.

What is the trickery of using resources? Here, the homeowners invite the
bhikkhus with clothes, food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical
necessities. He is a person with evil desire, a person with a desire for nature,
and a person with hope. He is a person who has clothes, food, shelter,
necessities of the patient, and medical necessities. Hoping for more and
rejecting clothes, refusal to give food, refusal to shelter, refusal of
patients' necessities and medical necessities, he said: "What do high-value
clothes have for Samaṇa!" It is appropriate that Samaṇa should use rags from the
mound room or garbage dump or in front of the shop to make coats of. What does
high-value food mean to Samaṇa! It is appropriate that Samaṇa should survive by
wandering for alms. What is there for Samaṇa with high-value accommodation!
...Samaṇa should be those who live under the trees or between the mounds or live
in the open. ...needs of patients and medical necessities! ...should use
medicine of fermented cow urine or crushed greens. After grasping that, he wears
coarse clothes; receives coarse food; lives in coarse dwellings; uses coarse
patients' necessities and medical necessities. The homeowners knew him this way:
"This Samaṇa is a person with little desire, a contented person, a lonely
person, a person who is away from the masses, a person whose vitality has been
activated, and a teacher." They invite more and more with with clothes, food,
shelter, patients' necessities, and medical necessities. He said: "The three
current states have faithful men who produce a lot of merit: the current state
of faith has faithful men, the current state that produces a lot of merit and
donation has a believing man who produces a lot of merit, and the current state
of a person worthy of support has a believing man who produces a lot of merit.
You are the believer, and the charity exists (is found), and I am the receiver.
If I don't accept it, then you will become outsiders of merit. This is not
necessary for me, but just for pity, from you, I accept." After clinging to
that, he accepts many clothes, many foods, many residences, and many patients'
necessities and medical necessities. The frowning of anyone who frowns like this
is the path of deceit, the state of deceit, this is deceit to gain resources.

What is the trickery of deportment? Here, there are certain types of evil
desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect, (thought): "In
this way, people will respect me." He placed to walk, placed to stand, placed to
sit, placed to lie down, walked for desire, stood for desire, sat down for
desire, lay down for desire, walked like a person in concentration, as in
concentration he stands, sits down like a meditation person, lies down like a
meditation person, and becomes visible as a meditator. The placement,
strengthening, and complete placement of behaviors like this; the frown of this
frowning person is the path of trickery and the state of trickery, this is the
trickery of deportment.

What is the trickery of talking all around for gain? Here, there are certain
types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect,
(thought): "In this way, people will respect me." He spoke according to the Holy
Dhamma, and he said: "Whoever dresses like this is a powerful Samaṇa." He said:
"Anyone who holds a bowl like this..., holding a copper bowl..., holding a water
filter..., water filter, keys, wearing shoe, a belt, ...is a Samaṇa of great
power." He said: "Whoever his followers are like this, he is a powerful Samaṇa."
He said: "Whoever his teacher is like this..., the equivalent of a bhikkhu is
like this..., the equivalent of a teacher, a friend, an acquaintance, a close
person, a companion..., he is a powerful Samaṇa." He said: "Anyone who lives in
a dwelling like this..., in a half-roof house, in a tall building, in a flat
house, in a cave, living in a cave, a hut, a heavy pavilion, an observatory,
round house, a shed, a lecture hall, a tent, living under a tree..., he is the
Samaṇa of great power."

Or, those who keep frowning; constantly frowning; those who keep tricking; those
who keep nagging; those who are respected because of their mouths, who says such
deep, secret, subtle, out-of-the-world, and empty talk: "This Samaṇa gets this
quiet residence like this and waits." The frown of anyone who frowns like this;
the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is the trickery of the
surrounding language.

"Those who do not hope, those who are not stingy": Hope is called thirst, it
is greed.... For him, this eagerness and thirst have been cut off, ..., and he
is called the one who is not eager, the forms..., sounds..., ...(omitted).
"Those who are not stingy," there are five kinds of stinginess: ...(omitted, see
previous sections). For the one who has been cut off, ....

"Those who are not arrogant, those who do not hate": "Arrogance," there are
three kinds of arrogance: body arrogance, speech arrogance, heart arrogance.
What is physical arrogance? Here, a certain type of people come to the Saṅgha to
show their body arrogance, showing the arrogance of the body when coming to the
group, showing the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria, showing the arrogance
of the body in the bathroom, showing the arrogance of the body in the bath,
showing the arrogance of the body when entering the home, and showing the
arrogance of the body when he has entered the (vulgar) home.

How does he come to show the arrogance of the body in the Saṅgha? Here, a
certain type of people who come to the Saṅgha are not respectful. When they
touch the elder bhikkhus, they stand, and when they touch them, they sit down,
stand in front of the (elder bhikkhus), sit down in the front, and sit in high
seats. Sitting down, sitting down with his head covered, he stood and talked,
waving his arms to talk, so that he came to the Saṅgha to show the pride of this
bodily arrogance..

What is the arrogance of coming to the group to show the body? Here, a certain
type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. To the elder bhikkhus who
walk without shoes, he walks in shoes, to those who walk in low places, he walks
in high places, and to those who walk in the ground, he walks in high places. He
walked through the passage, stood when touching, sat down when touching, stood
in front, sat down in front, sat down on the high seat, sat down with his head
wrapped, he stood and talked, Speaking with waving arms, this is to show the
arrogance of the body in the group.

What is it to show the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria? Here, a certain
type of person is not respectable in the cafeteria. He invades the elder
bhikkhus and then sits down, blocking the new bhikkhus with his seat, standing
when touching, and sitting down when touching, ..., so that he showed the
arrogance of his body in the cafeteria.

How does one show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom? Here, a certain
type of person is not a respecter in the bathroom. When he touches the elder
bhikkhus, he stands, when he touches, he sits, stands in the front, ..., removing
firewood without being asked, closing the door without being asked, waving his
arms and talking, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom.

How is the arrogance of the body shown in the bath? Here, a certain type of
person is not respectable in the bathing place. When he touches the elder bhikkhus,
he jumps in, jumps in front, when touched, he bathes, bathes in front, bathes
above, when touched, he goes from out of the water, out of the water in the
front, out of the water above, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the
bath.

How is it to show the arrogance of the body when entering the home? Here, a
certain type of person is not respectful when entering the (vulgar) home. When
he touches the elder bhikkhus, he walks, walks in front, and walks from the
front of the elder bhikkhus, beyond, repeatedly after leaving the right path.
This is to show bodily arrogance when entering the home.

What is the arrogance of showing the body when you have entered the (vulgar)
home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered the (vulgar) home, they
say "Great Virtue! Please do not (want to) enter" when he is said to enter, as
"Great Virtue! Please don't (want to) stand." He stood when he was said to be
"Great Virtue! Please don't (to) sit down." When being said, he sits down, he
enters when there is no space, he stands when there is no space, and he sits
down when there is no space, where the inner room of the (vulgar) family is
hidden and secret: the lay woman, the daughter-in-law, the lay wife, and the lay
girl sit down, where he enters roughly, and he touches the boy's head. This
shows the arrogance of the body when he enters the (vulgar) home. This is
showing the arrogance of the body.

What is showing the arrogance of words? Here, a certain type of people show
verbal arrogance when they come to the Saṅgha, show verbal arrogance when they
come to the group, and show verbal arrogance when they have entered the (vulgar)
family.

How does one come to show the arrogance of words in the Saṅgha? Here, a certain
type of people come to the Saṅgha without being respectful. After asking the
elder bhikkhus, or without being asked to speak to the bhikkhus who entered the
monastery, answering questions, and reciting the Pātimokkha, he stands,
speaking, waving your his to speak, this is the arrogance of coming to the
Saṅgha.

How does one come to show the arrogance of words in a group? Here, a certain
type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. After asking the elder
bhikkhus, or without being asked to speak to and answer questions to the
bhikkhus entering the monastery's garden, he stands and speaks, waving his arms
and speaking to the bhikkhus. The bhikkhunis, male lay devotees, and female lay
devotees of the garden speak and answer questions. He stands and speaks, waving
his arms to speak. This is to show the arrogance of speech in the group.

What is it to show the arrogance of speech when you have entered the (vulgar)
home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered (vulgar) homes, they say
to women or girls: "What is the name of this person and the last name; is there
milk porridge, food, and hard food? What shall we drink? What shall we eat?
What will we chew? Or something: what will you give to me?" He mutters. Anyone
who is in such a state of speech, unhelpful words, muttering, and verbosity, is
the arrogance of speech when he has entered the layman's home. This is the
arrogance of words.

What is the arrogance of the heart? Here, a certain type of people who are not
from a noble family has an arrogant person who sets themselves together with a
noble bhikkhu, and a person who is not a bhikkhu from a large family sets himself and
a large family with his heart. Those who do not become a bhikkhu are equal, those
who do not become a bhikkhu from a wealthy family are equated with those who are
arrogant, and those who do not become a bhikkhu from a wealthy family are equated
with those who are not bhikkhus. The arrogant person considers himself and the
Sutta teacher to be equal in his heart, and the arrogant person who does not
hold the Dhamma..., there are arrogant people who don't say..., the people who
doesn't live in the woods..., the arrogant people who are very begging for
food... (omitted, see previous sections). This is the arrogance of the heart.
For him, those three kinds of arrogance are cut off, ..., he is called the
non-arrogant.

"Those who do not hate (are not disgusting)," there are those who hate, and
there are those who do not. What is a disgusting person? Here, a certain type of
people are those who break the precepts, those who are wicked, those who are
impure and suspicious, those who behave secretly, those who are not Samaṇa but
call themselves Samaṇa, who are not Brāhmaṇas but call themselves Brāhmaṇas, those
who leak from internal decay, those who have bad personalities [AN.7.72], this
is called a disgusting person. Or, he is easily angry and conquered by anger,
and when spoken a little bit, he is angry, hurt, aggrieved, rebellious, showing
anger, aversion, and dissatisfaction [AN.3.25]. This is called a disgusting
person. Or, he is an anger-prone person, a resentful person, a villainous
person, a domineering person, a jealous person, a stingy person, a cunning
person, a hypocrite, a stubborn person, an arrogant person, an evil desire
person, a wrong view person, and a person who cannot give up [AN.6.36]. This is
called a disgusting person.

What is a person who does not hate? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives
and is protected by the self-control of the Pātimokkha. He has sufficient
righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the terrible in minor sins and
learns [AN.2.37] after accepting from a teacher. This is called those who don't
hate. Or, he is a person who is not easy to get angry, and is always free of
irritation. When discussing more, he will not be upset, angry, agitated, resist,
and show no resentment, aversion and dissatisfaction [MN.135]. This is called a
person who does not hate. Or, he is not easy to anger, not resentful, not hides
evil, not overbearing, ...(omitted), those who are not stubborn, and those who
abandon easily are called those who do not hate. All ignorant ordinary people
are disgusting, and virtuous ordinary people, including the eight saints, are
not disgusting.

"And those who are not keen on divisive speech": "Divisive speech," here, a
certain type of person is a divisive speaker. After he hears it from here, he
speaks there in order to divide these people, or after he hears from there, in
order to divide those people, he says that here; like this, he is the destroyer
of harmony, the spreader of division, the disagreeable, the speaker of disunity,
the speaker of disagreement, this is called divisive speech.

In addition, there are two reasons for divisiveness: to be lovely by desire, or
by desire for division. How to produce divisiveness from desire to be lovely?
"For this, I will be lovely, I will be desirable, I will be close, I will be a
close friend, I will be kind." In this way, a divide arises from desire to be
lovely. How to produce division with the desire for division? "How will these
become various, will become separate, will become divided, will become two
kinds, will become contradictory, will become two factions, will break down,
will not reunite, cause suffering and unease." This is the desire for division
to produce division. For him who is cut off, ..., he is not enthusiastic (in
dispute), unharnessed, not strongly harnessed, those who are not fully
harnessed, not completely harnessed.

> 88 &middot; Those who have no leakage in satisfaction,  
Those who are not enthusiastic in arrogance,  
The soft and the eloquent, the unbeliever,  
He will not be tainted.

"People without leakage in satisfaction": Satisfactory ones are called the five
desires. For what reasons are the satisfying ones called the five desires? The
five desires that most people want, accept, hope, have enthusiasm for, and
desire, are called satisfying for that reason. The satisfying desire for him who
has not given up will flow out due to the form of his eyes, flow, produce, and
transfer; the craving due to the sound of the ear..., ...smell of the nose ...,
...taste of the tongue..., ...touch of the body..., the craving due to the
dhamma of mind flows, produces, and transfers. For him who this satisfying
craving is cut off, ..., his craving due to the form of his eyes does not flow
out, does not produce, and is not flowing, not going on; ...due to the sound of
the ear...(omitted).

"And those who are not enthusiastic about arrogance": What is arrogance? Here,
a certain type of person by birth, or by surname... (omitted). The thought of
the situation, the high, the lofty, the flag, the vanity of the heart, this is
called arrogance. For him for whom this arrogance is cut off, ..., he is not
enthusiastic, not harnessed, ....

"The soft and the eloquent": "The soft," "with soft body kamma" is soft, "with
soft language kamma" is soft, "with soft mental kamma" is soft, "with soft
mindfulness," ..., soft effort, soft four (iddhipāda), ..., "with the soft eight
paths" is the soft one.

"The talented person," there are three kinds of talented person: from learning,
from questioning, and from proving. What is a learned debater? Here, a certain
type of people are originally learners: Suttas (suttaṃ), Verses (geyyaṃ),
Explanations (veyyākaraṇaṃ), Stanzas (gāthaṃ), Udāna [KN.3], Itivuttaka [KN.4],
Jātaka [KN.10], Abbhuta Dhamma (unclear if this refers to the sutta or the
concept of wonderful teachings), Vedalla (vedallaṃ; unclear if this refers to
the individual suttas or the whole section), and they defended after relying on
his learning. This is a learned debater. What is a questioning debater? Here, a
certain type of person is a questioner in terms of his own interests, righteous
interests, characteristics, reasons, possibility and impossibility, and he is
replied (to) after repeated questioning. This is repeated questioning debater.
What is a proven debater? Here, a certain type of person is the attainer of the
four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four spiritual bases, the five
senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, the eight holy ways,
the four Samaṇa fruits, the four debates, and the six magic powers. Those who
have known the reason, the known method, and the known word are the ones who
defend in the known reason, the Dhamma is defended in the known Dhamma, and the
word is defended in the known word. There is no question about these three kinds
of wisdom. Obstructing the wisdom, reaching, fully reaching, entering, fully
entering, having, fully having this argument does not hinder the understanding
of wisdom, he is called the person with debate ability. If he hasn't learned,
questioned, and proved, what will he answer?

"The unbeliever, he will not be tainted": "The unbeliever," who has been
personally proven by himself, of the self-represented Dhamma does not believe in
any other Samaṇa, or Brāhmaṇa, or heaven, or man, or Brahma: "All actions are
impermanent "I've proved it by myself..., "All actions are suffering"..., "All
Dhamma is selfless"..., "Action is based on ignorance"..., "Being is based on
life, age, death"..., "Death by ignorance leads to demise"..., "Birth and death
lead to life and death)"..., "This is suffering"..., These are defilements"...,
"This is the path leading to defilements"..., "These dhammas should be proven to
be known"..., "These dhammas should be witnessed"..., "The gathering,
extinction, pleasure, trouble, detachment of the touch...," the gathering of the
five aggregates..., the four major gatherings, disappearance, pleasure, trouble,
detachment are justified by oneself Knowing... "Any collection of dhammas is
extinguishing dhamma." The one who knows the Dhamma by himself, self-proven,
does not believe in any other Samaṇa, or Brāhmaṇa, or heaven, or man, or Brahma.

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.48.44]: "Sāriputta! Do you have (this)
faith: when the root of faith has been practiced and practiced more, is an
immortal foothold, an immortal shore, an end of immortality?; when the root of
vitality..., the root of mind..., the root of concentration..., when the root of
wisdom..., ?"

"Great Virtue! Here, I do not rely on faith in the Blessed One): when the root
of faith..., when the root of vitality..., when the root of mind..., when the
root of concentration..., when the root of wisdom ..., great virtue! If this is
not known, not seen, not discovered, not testified, not touched by wisdom,
there, they will come to other people with faith: when the root of faith has
been practiced..., there is an immortal foothold, an immortal other side, and an
immortal end; but, great virtue! Those who have known, seen, discovered,
testified, and touched with wisdom, where they are confident and undoubtful: the
root of faith...., and an end of immortality. Great Virtue! For me, this has
been known, has been seen, has been discovered, has been testified, has been
touched with wisdom, where I am confident and undoubted: when the root of
faith..., there is a foothold...."

"Good! Well! Sāriputta! Sāriputta! If this is not known, unseen, undiscovered,
untested, untouched by wisdom, there, they will come to others with faith: when
the root of faith..., when the root of wisdom has already been practiced and
practiced more, there is an immortal foothold, an immortal shore, and an end of
immortality."

"The unbelievers and those who are not known,  
And those who have cut off reincarnation,  
The person who destroys the opportunity and the person who has spit out,  
He is indeed the best person."  
[Dhp.97]

"The unbelievers will not be tainted": All ignorant ordinary people are
tainted, good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of learned, they are
tainted, and the Arahant is neither tainted nor away from being tainted: he who
is detached from the staining, the extinction of greed becomes the state of
freedom from greed; the extinction of anger becomes the state of freedom from
anger; the extinction of delusion becomes the state of freedom from delusion, he
is the person who has descended into the state, has practiced the behavior...
(omitted), the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth.

> 89 &middot; Not learning to gain,  
Not angry when there is no gain,  
Without craving for hostility,  
And not greedy in taste.

"Not learning for gain, or getting angry when not gaining": How does one learn
for gain? Bhikkhus! Here, the bhikkhu sees that the bhikkhu is a gainer of
clothes, food, shelter, necessities for patients, and medical necessities.
Thinking like this: "What does this venerable person use as a gainer of clothes,
food, shelter, patient needs, and medical necessities?" He thought this way:
"This venerable person is a sutta teacher, because of which this venerable
person is the gainer of clothing, food, shelter, the necessities of the patient,
and the necessities of medicine." Gain is the cause, gain is the condition, and
the reason is the gain, for the occurrence of gain, so it is to learn for gain.

Or, when the bhikkhu sees that the (other) bhikkhu is the gainer of clothes, food,
shelter, the patient's needs, and medical necessities, he thinks like this:
"What is this Venerable's clothing, food, shelter, patient's needs, and medical
necessities for gains? Who?" He thought this way: "This Venerable is a
Dhamma-holder... Speaker... Abhidhamma, because of which this Venerable is a
gainer of clothes, food, shelter, patients' needs, and medical necessities." Gain
is the cause, benefit is the predestined, benefit is the reason, for the arising
of gain, so that gain is familiar with him and learns Abhidhamma.

Or, when the bhikkhu sees that the bhikkhu is the gainer of clothes, food, shelter,
the necessities of the patient, and medical necessities, he thinks like this:
"What is this bhikkhu for the benefit of clothes, food, shelter, necessities of the
patient, and medical necessities? Who?" He thought like this: "This venerable
person is a man who lives in the woods..., a beggar..., ...(omitted, see
previous sections), the one who lives anywhere, because of which this venerable
person is the gainer of clothes, ...." Gain is the cause, ....

How to learn without gain? "Bhikkhus! Here, the bhikkhus have the cause of gain,
the condition of the gain, the reason of the gain, the arising of the gain, the
ripening of the gain, only for the purpose of self-regulation (benefits), the
purpose of their own silence, so that they can achieve the purpose of Nibbāna,
so that he learns the scriptures, he learns the dhamma, and he learns the
Abhidhamma.

Or, bhikkhus have a cause for gain, ..., only for the sake of less desire,
contentment, reduction, and living alone; because of this state, I become a one
who lives in the woods, ...a beggar, ...."

"And to get angry when there is no gain," how is it to get angry when there is
no gain? Here, a certain type of people (think): "I can't get a home, or I can't
get a group, ...(omitted, see previous)". He is angry, rejected, stubborn,
showing anger, aversion, and dissatisfaction.

How to not get angry when there is no gain? Here, Bhikkhu (thinks): "I can't get
a home, ...." He is not angry, rejecting, stubborn, does not show anger,
aversion, or dissatisfaction.

"Don't love the hostile with thirst, and don't follow the greed in the taste":
"Hold hostile," the mortal heart's anger, hostility, disgust, aversion, anger,
evil heart, aggression, brutal anger, rage, displeased heart, this is called
hostility. For him for whom this anger is cut off, severed, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called an
unhostile person. "Thirst for love," The craving for form, the craving for
sound, the craving for smell, the craving for taste, the craving for touch, the
craving for Dhamma.

"Taste," there are root, branch, skin, leaf, flower, fruit, sour, sweet, bitter,
spicy, salty, alkaline, astringent, pleasant, unpleasant, cold, and hot. Some
Samaṇa and Brāhmaṇa are greedy for taste. They wander around for the best taste
with their tongues. After they get the sour taste, ask for no sour taste, and
ask for sourness after getting no sourness; ...(omitted) sweetness ...(omitted);
bitterness, spicy, salty, alkali; when they get the sour taste, they look for
the astringency, when they get the astringency, look for the sour taste;
...pleasant taste..., unpleasant...; ...unpleasant..., pleasant...; ...hot...,
cold...; ...cold..., hot. They are greedy, craving, tied, fascinated, tainted,
attached, fixed, in the desire for taste. Being obstructed, for the
alone-enlightened person, the taste and thirst and love have been cut off, ...,
he ate food after inspecting it logically: "Neither for pleasure, nor for
intoxication, not for a good figure, not for dignity, but for the survival of
this body, to stop harm, and to support the Brahma. In this way, I will repel
the previous feelings, not arouse new feelings, be healthy, without fault, and
live in peace."

For example, if he applies oil to the sore, it is only for the purpose of
growing (flesh), or if he applies oil to the axle, only for the purpose of cargo
transportation, or if he eats his son's meat only for the purpose of passing
through the desert. In the same way, the bhikkhu ate food after inspection:
"Neither for pleasure... (omitted) to live in peace." The thirsty love of taste,
he renounced, drove away, ended, and made it cease to exist. He has been
separated from taste and thirst, has renounced, has departed, has been
liberated, has renounced bondage, he lives with an unrestrained heart.

> 90 &middot; The calm person, always mindful,  
And not thinking himself to be equal,  
Nor superior nor inferior,  
For him there is no increase.

"The calm one is always mindful": "The calm one" has the six branches of calm:
after seeing the form with the eyes, he is neither happy nor sad but living in
peace, with mindfulness and righteous knowledge; after hearing the sound with
ears... (omitted), after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, ... [DN.33,
Six]. After seeing the agreeable form, he does not desire, dislike, and does not
cause greed to occur. His body is already established, his mind is already
established, he is built up and freed by kindness, and he is undesiring after
seeing the form, he does not become discouraged, have an unrestrained mind,
unintentional sorrow, unintentional malice, his body is already abided, his mind
is abided, and he is built up and freed by kindness. After hearing the sound
with ears... (omitted).

After seeing the form with his eyes, both the body and the mind are established
and freed by the body and the mind in both the agreeable and undesirable forms;
after hearing the sound with the ear... [SN.46.6].

After seeing the form with eyes, don't be infatuated by what is infatuating,
don't be angry by what is angering, don't be foolish in what is foolish,
...averse..., ...intoxicated..., ...contaminated...; after listening to the
sound with your ears.... There is only so much in what you see; there is only so
much in what you hear; there is only so much in what you perceive; there is only
so much in what you know [SN.35.95], not contaminated in what you see; not
contaminated by what you hear; not contaminated by what you are aware of; not
contaminated by what you know, and who is unsatisfied, (virtue) without loss,
not dependent, and not bound by what you know, freed from the bondage, he lives
with an unrestrained heart; in terms of what he hears... (omitted).

Arahants have eyes, Arahants have eyes to see form, Arahants have no desires,
and Arahants have good hearts and liberation; Arahants have ears, Arahants use
ears to listen to sounds, ...; ...noses to smell...;...tongues to taste...;
...touches with bodies...; Arahant have intentions, Arahant know Dhamma with
consciousness, and Arahant have no desire to be greedy, the Arahant's heart is
kind and free [SN.35.232].

Eyes are joyful in form, the Arahant has been tuned, guarded, regulated,
protected, and taught how to control it; ears are joyous in sound...
...(omitted); (mind) rejoices in the Dhamma, is happy happy in the Dhamma, the
Arahant has been tuned, ..., and taught the self-control of it [MN.75].

"The tamed (adjusted) (elephant) is lead to the assembly,  
The king boards the tamed (elephant);  
The man who has been tuned tamed is the highest victor among the people,  
He who bears insults.  

The mule that has been tamed is exceptional,  
And noble Sindh steeds,  
And large-tusked elephants, great elephants;  
Self-tamed people are even better.  

One does not ride on these,  
To go to the unreached direction,  
As a tamed person goes,  
By taming himself."  
[Dhp.321-323]

"They are unshakable in all kinds of conceit,  
Becoming liberated and reborn,  
Have reached the adjusted imperial position,  
They are the victors in the world."  
[SN.22.76]

"Those who have cultivated their roots,  
Inside and outside themselves, in the world,  
Pierce this and other worlds,  
When he is waiting for death,  
He is the one who has been well-tamed."  
[Sn.3.6, 521]

"The calm one is always (mindful)": "Always," always; everything;
...(omitted, see previous sections). "Mindful," mindful in four ways:
...(omitted, see previous sections); he is called mindful.

"Not thinking to be equal in the world": Not by birth, or by surname...
(omitted).

"Non-superior and non-inferior": ...(omitted).

"For him there is no increase": "For him," for the Arahant, for those who have
exhausted troubles. "Increase," there are seven types of prosperity: greed and
aggression, ignorance, slow increase, seeing increase, pollution increase, kamma
increase, for him these increases do not exist, are not known, are not
discovered, have been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise,
burned by the fire of wisdom.

> 91 &middot; There is no state of dependence for him:  
After he knows the Dhamma, he becomes a non-dependent person,  
For being (existing) or not,  
For him, thirst is not found.

"There is no state of dependence for him": "For him," for the Arahant, those
who have exhausted their troubles. "Dependence," there are two kinds of
dependence: dependence of craving and dependence of seeing.... For him, the
dependence of thirst has been cut off, ..., burned by the fire of wisdom.

"After knowing the Dhamma, he becomes non-dependent": "After knowing," after
knowing, after understanding, .... "All actions are impermanent" after knowing,
.... "All actions are suffering".... "All dhammas are without self".... "Any
collection of dhammas is extinction" .... There are two kinds of dependence for
"non-dependent": the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing....
After giving up the thirst,; the refusal to obey the eyes after the refusal to
see; the ears; the nose; the tongue; ....

"To be (exist) or to not, for him thirst is not found": "Thirst," thirst for
form, thirst for sound.... "For him," for the Arahant, .... "For existence," for
existence, for being. To exist. "To nothingness," to see to death. "To
existence," to repeated existence, repeated interest, repeated rebirth, repeated
individual emergence. For him, to love or not, does not exist, is not known, is
not discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to
arise, burned by the fire of wisdom.

> 92 &middot; I say "He is the silent one":  
The one who has no expectation in desire,  
His various knots are not found,  
He has passed over love (thirst).

"I say he is "the silent one": The silent one is the quiet one, the cooled
one, and the resting one. I say of him, I tell of him, I talk about him, I
explain him, I speak of him.

"Those who have no expectation in desire": "Desire," from praising there are two
desires: .... After knowing the desire for things, after giving up, after
abandoning, after driving away, after the end, after making it non-existent,
when the desire for things is not expected, it becomes deserted, discarded,
ruled out, eliminated; those who have been freed from greed, those who have
renounced greed, those who have abandoned greed, those who are not hungry, those
who have cooled, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who
live as Brāhmaṇa.

"His knots (bindings) are not discovered": "Bindings," there are four types of
bindings: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "His," the Arahant's, .... "His
ties are not discovered": For him, the ties are not, non-existent, unknown,
undiscovered, they have been cut off....

"He has passed love": Loving is called thirst, which is greed, greed.... "Passed
love," what is love? The "spread" is for love; the "broad" is for love;
...(omitted, see previous sections). "He has passed love": This loving thirst,
he has passed, surpassed, crossed, transcended, overcome.

> 93 &middot; His sons, livestock,  
Fields, and homes are not found,  
Anything obtained or rejected,  
It is not found in him.

"His sons, livestock, land, and homes will not be discovered": "No" is negative.
"His," the Arahant's, the one whose troubles are exhausted. "Sons," there are
four kinds of sons: sons born to himself, sons born in the field, adopted sons,
and apprenticeship sons. "Livestock," goat and sheep, chicken and pig, elephant,
cow, horse, and mule. "Fields" include rice fields, ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "Homestead" refers to residential homes, warehouse front courtyard
homes, backyard homes, garden homes, and residential land. "His son, livestock,
land, and homestead are not discovered": His attachment to his son, or livestock
attachments, or land attachments, or homestead attachments, they do not exist,
and are not known, undiscovered, cut off, ....

"Obtaining or rejecting anything is not found in him": The "obtained" is his
own view, the "rejected" is a judgment; he has not held the "obtained," has not
held the "rejected;" that which is not grasped is not that which is for
liberation, and that which is not for liberation is that which is not grasped;
the Arahant is the one who has passed grasping and release, and the growth and
the degeneration, he is the one who has descended into the state, the one who
has practiced... (omitted) the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth.

> 95 &middot; Ordinary people, Samaṇa, Brāhmaṇas,  
What can be said of others,  
For him that is not valued,  
So he does not waver about what is said.

"Ordinary people, Samaṇa, and Brāhmaṇas, what can you say about others":
"Ordinary people," ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Samaṇa," ....
"Brāhmaṇa," anyone who calls friends to others. "Ordinary people, Samaṇa, and
Brāhmaṇas, what can they say to others?" Ordinary people can say with greed; who
can say with hatred; who can say with ignorance; who can say with conceit;
anyone who can say by seeing; whoever can say by exaltation; whoever can say by
doubt; whoever can say that he is "infected," or "disgusting," or "ignorant," or
"bound" by the latent tendency of troubles, those who "come to clinging," or
"coming to distraction," or "coming to unsatisfaction," or "coming to
fortitude," those whose deeds have been cut off, and those who have renounced
the state of interest, to say that he is a "hell-fallen person," or a
"beast-fallen person," or a "hungry ghost-realm person," or a "human," or a
"heaven," or a "formed person," or "formless," or "thinking," or "not thinking,"
or "neither thinking nor non-thinking?" He has no cause, no predestined
condition, no factor by which he can speak, say, talk, explain, and speak.

"For him that is not valued": "For him," for the Arahant, for those who have
exhausted their troubles. "Value," there are two kinds of attention.... For him,
the importance of thirsting has been cut off, ... (omitted, see previous
sections).

"Therefore, he does not waver about what he said": "Therefore," .... Regarding
what is said, rebuke, accusation, scolding, praise or not praise, he does not
shake, does not waver, does not move, does not tremble, does not tremor, and
does not tremble much.

> 95 &middot; Those who are free from greed and not stingy,  
Muni will not say that he is among the best,  
Nor among the same (equal), nor among the inferior,  
And those who do not construct do not come to constructions.

"Anyone who is free from greed and not stingy": Craving is called craving, it is
greed, .... For him, this greed is cut off, ..., he is called the one who is
free from greed, he is not greedy in appearance... (omitted); to dwell as a
Brāhmaṇa. "Not stingy" and "saving," there are five kinds of stinginess: ....
Being cut off, ..., he is said to be not stingy.

"Muni will not say that he is among the excellent, not among the same, and not
among the inferior": "Muni," .... "The superior," or "I am the same," or "I am
the inferior" he does not say, does not tell, does not talk, does not explain,
does not say.

"The one who does not construct does not come to construction": "Construction"
has two constructions: the construction of desire and the construction of
seeing...." For him, the construction of thirst has been cut off, .... He does
not come, does not arrive, does not grasp, does not hold, does not cling to. To
not come to the construction. "Non-constructor," "Construction," there are two
kinds of constructions ..., he does not make or produce it, do not make it
produce, do not make it be born, do not make it arise.

> 96 &middot; For him there is nothing as his own in the world,  
And he does not grieve for what does not exist,  
Without walking into the dhammas,  
He is indeed called "the silent one."

"For him there is no one in the world": "For him," to the Arahant, .... "There
is no one in the world," to him, there is nothing of form, feeling, thinking,
deed, consciousness, (for which he thinks) "This is mine, or this is someone
else's." Being grasped, clung to, attached, taken, believed, he is not, doesn't
exist..., burned by the fire of wisdom.

"He doesn't grieve with what doesn't exist": He doesn't sorrow for things that
have changed: "My eyes have changed" he is not sad; "My ears..., my nose...,
tongue, body, mind, forms, voices, smells, tastes, touches, dhammas, home,
group, residence, gains, reputation, praise, pleasure, clothes, ...(omitted, see
previous sections)...;" he is not sad, not tired, not weeping, not beating his
chest and crying, and not coming to confusion.

Or, to be touched, tortured, combined, possessed by false suffering, he is not
sad, not tired, not weeping, not pounding and crying, not coming to confusion:
being touched, tortured, combined, possessed by eye diseases, he is not sad...;
...by ear disease...; ...(omitted, see previous sections).

Or, in the non-existent, unknown, and undiscovered (thinking): "Ah! What is
mine is really gone. If there is something of mine, I really don't obtain that."
He is not sad, ....

"To not go into the dhammas": To not go into desire, to not go into hate, to not
go into ignorance, to not go into horror, to not go because of greed, to not go
because of aversion, to not go because of obsession, to not go because of
seeing, to not go because of abandonment, to not go because of doubt, to not go
because of potential troubles, to not be carried away, taken away, carried by
the speech of the dhammas.

"He is indeed called 'The Silent'": He is the Silent, the Stopped, the Quiet,
the Cooled, the Silent. So he is called, said, told, talked, explained,
described.

\newpage
