### 11. Quarrels and Arguments

> 97 &middot; From where are there many quarrels and arguments,  
Weeping, sadness, and stinginess?  
Conceit, arrogance, and divisiveness, where are they many?  
Come! Please tell me about that.

"Where are there many quarrels and arguments": "Quarrels" are quarrels based on
one behavior, and "arguments" are the same. Anyone who argues, it is a quarrel;
whoever argues, it is an argument. Or, in another way, arguing is called the
first part of the quarrel. King arguing with king, khattiya arguing with
khattiya, Brāhmaṇa arguing with Brāhmaṇa, homeowner arguing with homeowner,
mother arguing with son, son arguing with mother, father arguing with son, son
arguing with father, brother arguing with brother, brothers argue with sisters,
sisters argue with brothers, friends argue with friends [MN.13]. What is a
quarrel? Those who are keen on clubs at home quarrel with their bodies and
words, and those who violate precepts quarrel with their bodies and words.

"Where are there many quarrels and arguing": "Where are there many quarrels and
quarrels? Where are they born? Where are they arising? Where are they generated?
What are their causes? What is the collection? What is its birth? What is its
root?" He inquired about the root of quarrel and argument; he inquired about the
reason; he inquired about the cause; he inquired about the arising; he inquired
about the generation; he inquired and waited; he inquired about the nutriment;
he inquired about the fate; he inquired about the collection, he forcefully
inquired, begged, requested, and asked for it to be made clear.

"Weeping, sorrow and stinginess": "Weeping," being touched by the loss of the
relatives..., who have lamenting, weeping, crying, grief, lamenting, speech,
useless words, muttering, tearing, weeping state. "Sorrow," being touched by the
loss of relatives, or the loss of property, ...from disease, ...of precepts,
...of sight; having certain losses, contact with certain sufferings; having a
state of sorrow, sadness, grief, internal sorrow, internal grief, burning,
internal burning, and the arrow of the heart. "Stinginess," there are five kinds
of stinginess: stingy in dwelling, in home, of gain, of praise, of Dhamma,
stingy appearance, stingy state, greed, miserly, petty, and heart-tight state
are called stingy. In addition, miserliness is also stingy; world stinginess is
also stingy; stinginess in views is also stingy. With this stinginess and
intolerance, people become illiberal, so they are called stingy.

"Conceit and arrogance with slander (divisive speech)": "Conceit," one kind of
conceit: that is the height of the heart; two kinds...: self praise is
conceited, contempt for others is conceited; three: "I am the winner"..., "I am
the same," "I am the inferior;" four: to gain, to have fame, praise, and
comfort; five: "I obtain the desired form," "I obtain the desired sound,"
smell..., taste..., touch....; six kinds: with eyes..., ears..., nose, tongue,
body, ...satisfaction of the mind makes one conceited; seven: conceit,
arrogance, conceit and arrogance, humbleness, conceit of increase, conceit of
self-reality, conceit of evil; eight: obtaining makes one conceited, not
obtaining..., fame, no fame, praise, rebuke, happiness, and suffering; nine: the
winner thinks: "I am the winner"..., the winner thinks: "I am the same," the
winner thinks: "I am the inferior"...; and equal think: "I am the winner," the
equal thinks: "I am the same," the equal thinks: "I am the inferior," the
inferior thinks: "I am the winner," the inferior thinks: "I am the same," the
inferior thinks: "I am the inferior;" ten kinds...: here, by certain birth, or
surname, or good family, or beauty like a lotus, or property, or research
(acquisition), or career, or craftsmanship, or study, or by what you hear, or by
arguing, or by something to make one conceited; anyone who, like this, with this
kind of heart conceit, thinking, perceiving the situation, high tribute, high
conceit, as a banner, as a flag, heart vanity is called conceited.

"Arrogance," there are three kinds of arrogance: body arrogance, speech
arrogance, heart arrogance. What is physical arrogance? Here, a certain type of
people come to the Saṅgha to show their body arrogance, showing the arrogance of
the body when coming to the group, showing the arrogance of the body in the
cafeteria, showing the arrogance of the body in the bathroom, showing the
arrogance of the body in the bath, showing the arrogance of the body when
entering the home, and showing the arrogance of the body when he has entered the
(vulgar) home.

How does he come to show the arrogance of the body in the Saṅgha? Here, a
certain type of people who come to the Saṅgha are not respectful. When they
touch the elder bhikkhus, they stand, and when they touch them, they sit down,
stand in front of the (elder bhikkhus), sit down in the front, and sit in high
seats. Sitting down, sitting down with his head covered, he stood and talked,
waving his arms to talk, so that he came to the Saṅgha to show the pride of this
bodily arrogance..

What is the arrogance of coming to the group to show the body? Here, a certain
type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. To the elder bhikkhus who
walk without shoes, he walks in shoes, to those who walk in low places, he walks
in high places, and to those who walk in the ground, he walks in high places. He
walked through the passage, stood when touching, sat down when touching, stood
in front, sat down in front, sat down on the high seat, sat down with his head
wrapped, he stood and talked, Speaking with waving arms, this is to show the
arrogance of the body in the group.

What is it to show the arrogance of the body in the cafeteria? Here, a certain
type of person is not respectable in the cafeteria. He invades the elder
bhikkhus and then sits down, blocking the new bhikkhus with his seat, standing
when touching, and sitting down when touching, ..., so that he showed the
arrogance of his body in the cafeteria.

How does one show the arrogance of the body in the bathroom? Here, a certain
type of person is not a respecter in the bathroom. When he touches the elder
bhikkhus, he stands, when he touches, he sits, stands in the front, ...,
removing firewood without being asked, closing the door without being asked,
waving his arms and talking, this is to show the arrogance of the body in the
bathroom.

What is the arrogance of showing the body when you have entered the (vulgar)
home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered the (vulgar) home, they
say "Great Virtue! Please do not (want to) enter" when he is said to enter, as
"Great Virtue! Please don't (want to) stand." He stood when he was said to be
"Great Virtue! Please don't (to) sit down." When being said, he sits down, he
enters when there is no space, he stands when there is no space, and he sits
down when there is no space, where the inner room of the (vulgar) family is
hidden and secret: the lay woman, the daughter-in-law, the lay wife, and the lay
girl sit down, where he enters roughly, and he touches the boy's head. This
shows the arrogance of the body when he enters the (vulgar) home. This is
showing the arrogance of the body.

What is showing the arrogance of words? Here, a certain type of people show
verbal arrogance when they come to the Saṅgha, show verbal arrogance when they
come to the group, and show verbal arrogance when they have entered the (vulgar)
family.

How does one come to show the arrogance of words in a group? Here, a certain
type of people come to the group to be disrespectful. After asking the elder
bhikkhus, or without being asked to speak to and answer questions to the
bhikkhus entering the monastery's garden, he stands and speaks, waving his arms
and speaking to the bhikkhus. The bhikkhunis, male lay devotees, and female lay
devotees of the garden speak and answer questions. He stands and speaks, waving
his arms to speak. This is to show the arrogance of speech in the group.

What is it to show the arrogance of speech when you have entered the (vulgar)
home? Here, when a certain type of people have entered (vulgar) homes, they say
to women or girls: "What is the name of this person and the last name; is there
milk porridge, food, and hard food? What shall we drink? What shall we eat? What
will we chew? Or something: what will you give to me?" He mutters. Anyone who is
in such a state of speech, unhelpful words, muttering, and verbosity, is the
arrogance of speech when he has entered the layman's home. This is the arrogance
of words.

What is the arrogance of the heart? Here, a certain type of people who are not
from a noble family has an arrogant person who sets themselves together with a
noble bhikkhu, and a person who is not a bhikkhu from a large family sets
himself and a large family with his heart. Those who do not become a bhikkhu are
equal, those who do not become a bhikkhu from a wealthy family are equated with
those who are arrogant, and those who do not become a bhikkhu from a wealthy
family are equated with those who are not bhikkhus. The arrogant person
considers himself and the Sutta teacher to be equal in his heart, and the
arrogant person who does not hold the Dhamma..., there are arrogant people who
don't say..., the people who doesn't live in the woods..., the arrogant people
who are begging for food... (omitted, see previous sections). This is the
arrogance of the heart. For him, those three kinds of arrogance are cut off,
..., he is called the non-arrogant.

"Divisive language," here, a certain type of person is a divisive speaker. After
he hears it from here, he speaks there in order to divide these people, or after
he hears from there, in order to divide those people, he says that here; like
this, he is the destroyer of harmony, the spreader of division, the
disagreeable, the speaker of disunity, the speaker of disagreement, this is
called divisive speech.

In addition, there are two reasons for divisiveness: by desire to be lovely, or
by desire for division. How to produce divisiveness from desire to be lovely?
"For this, I will be lovely, I will be desirable, I will be close, I will be a
close friend, I will be kind." In this way, a divide arises from desire to be
lovely. How to produce division with the desire for division? "How will these
become various, will become separate, will become divided, will become two
kinds, will become contradictory, will become two factions, will break down,
will not reunite, cause suffering and unease." This is the desire for division
producing division. For him who is cut off, ..., he is not enthusiastic (in
dispute), unharnessed, not strongly harnessed, those who are not fully
harnessed, not completely harnessed.

"From where are there many of these? Come! Please tell me about that": Where do
these eight kinds of pollution, "quarrel, argument, weeping, sadness,
stinginess, conceit, arrogance, and divisive speech," come from in quantity?
Where are they born? Where do they arise? ...(omitted). What is its root? He
asked about the roots of these eight kinds of pollution; he asks the reason;
...(omitted).... "Where do those come from? Come! Please tell that": Come!
Please tell, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please
uncover, please analyze, please clarify.

> 98 &middot; From what is lovely, there are many quarrels and arguments,  
Weeping, sadness, and stinginess,  
Conceit, arrogance, together with divisive speech,  
Quarrels and arguments are connected to stinginess,  
And there is divisive speech when disputes arise.

"From what is lovely there are a lot of quarrels, weeping, sadness and
stinginess": "Lovely," there are two kinds of lovely: sentient beings or deeds.
What are lovely beings? Here, whoever is a mother, or father, or brother, or
sister, or son, or daughter, or friend, or colleague, or relatives, who are of
interest to him, or who want to be beneficial, or who want to stay away from the
harness, or those with blood (kin), these are lovely beings. What are attractive
behaviors? Desirable forms, desirable sounds, desirable smells, desirable
flavors, desirable touches, these are lovely behaviors.

They quarrel when lovely things are suspected of being robbed, they also quarrel
when they are robbed, and they also quarrel when they have been robbed; they are
sad when things they regard as their own are (feared to be) changed, they are
also sad when they are changed, they are also sad when they have been changed;
sad, tired, weeping, pounding their chests and crying, coming to chaos.

"Conceit, arrogance, and divisive words": Depending on lovely things makes them
conceited; depending on lovely things makes them arrogant. How does depending on
lovely things make them conceited? "We are the recipients of desirable forms,
sounds, smells, tastes, and touches." This is the production of conceit with
lovely things. How does reliance on lovely things produce arrogance? "We are the
recipients of the desired forms, ..., and these other people are not the
recipients of the desired forms, ...." This is reliance on lovely things making
them arrogant. "Divisive speech," here, a certain type of person is a divisive
speaker. After he hears it from here, he speaks there in order to divide these
people, or after he hears from there, in order to divide those people, he says
that here; like this, he is the destroyer of harmony, the spreader of division,
the disagreeable, the speaker of disunity, the speaker of disagreement, this is
called divisive speech.

In addition, there are two reasons for divisiveness: by desire to be lovely, or
by desire for division. How to produce divisiveness from desire to be lovely?
"For this, I will be lovely, I will be desirable, I will be close, I will be a
close friend, I will be kind." In this way, a divide arises from desire to be
lovely. How to produce division with the desire for division? "How will these
become various, will become separate, will become divided, will become two
kinds, will become contradictory, will become two factions, will break down,
will not reunite, cause suffering and unease."

"Quarrels and arguments are connected to stinginess": Quarrelling, arguing,
weeping, sorrow, conceit, arrogance, and divisive speech; these seven pollutions
are connected, strongly connected, and connected completely.

"And when a dispute arises, there are divisive words": When a dispute arises,
when it is born, when it appears, it produces a divide: he hears from here and
speaks there in order to separate these people, or after he hears from there, in
order to divide those people, he says that here; like this, he is the destroyer
of harmony, the spreader of division, the disagreeable, the speaker of disunity,
the speaker of disagreement, this is called divisive speech.

> 99 &middot; Where is the cause of the loveliness in the world,  
Where the greedy moving around in the world?  
Where is the cause for wish and fulfillment,  
Anyone who has a next life?

"Where does the loveliness in the world come from?": "Where does the loveliness
come from? Where is it born? ...(omitted). What is its root?" He asked about the
loveliness... (omitted).

"Everyone who is greedy walks around in the world": The "who..." are khattiya,
Brāhmaṇa, vessa, sudda, lay family, bhikkhu, heaven, and person. "Greed," the
state of all greed, desire, and thirst, the state of being greedy, tainted, and
stained, and unwholesome. "Walk," walk, live, act, go on, guard, and survive.
"In the world": In the world of suffering, the world of mankind, the world of
heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places.

"Where is the cause of desire and fulfillment?": "Where is the cause of desire
and fulfillment? Where do they arise? ...(omitted). What is its root?" He asked
about the root of desire and fulfillment... (omitted). "Anyone who has a next
life": Anyone who has a foundation, a shelter, a refuge, a place of return,
completion and a next life.

> 100 &middot; The loveliness in the world has desire as its cause,  
Everyone who is greedy walks around in the world,  
Wish and fulfillment are the cause from here,  
Everyone who has an afterlife.

"The loveliness in the world has desire as its cause": "Desire," all the desires
of the desires, the greed of the desires, the joy of the desires, the thirst of
the desires, the love of the desires, the fascination of the desires, the
anxiety of desire, obsession with desire, torrent of desire, binding of desire,
clinging to desire, cover of desire. In addition, there are five kinds of
desires: the desire to seek, the desire to obtain, the desire to receive, the
desire to store, and the desire to spend. What is the desire to seek? Here, a
certain type of person is precisely the taker, the hoper, and the one who has
the desire to be born. He seeks all the forms..., all the sounds..., all the
smells..., all the tastes..., all the touches. This is the desire of all
seeking. What is the desire to acquire? Here, a certain type of person is just
the taker, the hoper, and the one who desires to be born. He acquires all
forms...(omitted). This is the desire to acquire. What is the desire to use?
Here, a certain type of person is the taker, the hoper, and the aspirant. He
receives the forms.... This is the desire to use. What is the intention of
storage? Here, a certain type of person is precisely the one who takes, the one
who hopes, the one who desires to be born, he is the (one who wants)
accumulation of property (, thinking): "There will be disasters." This is the
desire to store. What is the intention to spend? Here, a certain type of person
is the taker, the hoper, and the survivor. He spends his money on elephant
soldiers, horse soldiers, chariot soldiers, archers, and infantry (, thinking):
"These will guard, protect, and serve me." This is the desire to spend.
"Lovely," there are two kinds of lovely: living beings or deeds... (omitted).
"The lovely desire in the world is its cause": The lovely desire is its cause;
the desire is its collection; the desire is its birth; the desire is its root.

"Everyone who is greedy walks around in the world": The "what..." are khattiya,
Brāhmaṇa, ...(omitted). "Greed," the state of all greed, ...(omitted). "Walk,"
walk, live, .... "In the world": In the world of suffering....

"Wish and fulfillment is the cause here": Wish is called craving, which is
greed, lust, acquiescence, conformity, joy, liking, wanting, desire,
fascination, taking, great greed, being tied, sludge, disturbance, hypocrisy,
(reincarnation) root cause, (bitter) fertility, tailoring (craving), net, river,
bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companion, wishing, channel of
existence, desire forest (jungle), intimacy, love, anticipation, relationship,
aspiration, aspiration state, desire for form, for sound, smell, taste, touch,
desire to obtain, desires of man (wealth), desire for a son, desire to live,
state of desire, prayer, greed, greedy appearance, possesses the state of greed,
inquiries (for profits), desire for proficiency, illegal greed, improper greed,
desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire for desire, desire for being, desire
for nothingness, formed thirst, formless thirst, extinction thirst, form thirst,
sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst, dhamma thirst, torrent,
harness, binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, bondage, along with
defilements, potential troubles, entanglement, vines, stinginess, suffering
roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering, demon's net, demon's hook,
demon's food (bait), demon's realm, demon's residence, demon's binding, the
river of thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst,
craving, greed, and the root of unwholesomeness. "Fulfillment," here, when a
certain type of person seeks various forms, he gets the form and becomes the one
who is fulfilled with the form; ...the sounds..., the smells..., the tastes...,
the touches, (...the dhammas)..., ...home..., group..., housing, profit,
reputation, praise, clothes, food, housing, patients' needs and medical
necessities, Sutta, Dhamma, Abhidhamma, forest dwelling, regular begging, dung
sweeping clothing, only three robes, second begging, not eating after eating,
often sitting (not lying), first jhāna, second jhāna, third jhāna, fourth jhāna,
dwell in the boundlessness of the void (fifth/first immaterial), dwell in the
boundlessness of consciousness (sixth), dwell in nothingness (seventh), obtain
dwelling in neither perception nor non-perception (eighth).

"Plowing the fields with wishes, sowing seeds with wishes,  
Embarking on trade with a wish, the transporter of goods (over) the sea,  
Whoever stands by wishes, (thinking) 'may my wish succeed.'"  
[Thag.530]

The success of a wish is called completion (fulfillment). "Wish and fulfillment
is its cause from here": Wish and fulfillment is its cause from here; desire is
its collection; desire is its life; desire is its root.

"Anyone who has an afterlife (a next life)": ...(omitted).

> 101 &middot; So where is the cause of the desire in the world,  
And (from) where are there many judgements?  
(And) anger, false words and doubts,  
As well as all the (other) dhamma spoken by Samaṇas?

"Then where does the desire in the world come from?": "Where does the desire
come from? Where does it arise? ...(omitted)" He asks about the root of
desire....

"And where are there many judgments": "Where do judgments come from? Where are
they born? ...." He asked about the root of judgment....

"Anger, false words and doubts": Anger is anger, ...(omitted, see previous
sections). False words are called lies, Doubt is called suspicions.

"And all the dhammas spoken of by Samaṇas": "And all the (dhammas)," all those
who are spoken in anger and falsehood will walk with doubts, co-exist,
intermingle, correspond, and have the same place of dependence, the same object,
these are called "and all dhammas." Or, all those other kinds of pollution that
are polluted by other participation, these are also called "and all dhammas."
"Spoken of by the Samaṇas," the Samaṇa who has quelled evil, Brāhmaṇas who have
rejected evil, Bhikkhus who have destroyed the roots of pollution, those who
have freed all evil and unwholesome roots, said, explained, taught, told,
established, uncovered, analyzed, and explained.

> 102 &middot; In the world, what they say is "desirable" or "undesirable,"  
They rely on that to generate desire,  
After seeing non-existence and existence of physical form,  
People make (come to) judgements in the world.

"In the world where they say 'desirable, undesirable'": "Desirable," pleasant
and desirable affairs. "Undesirable," suffering and undesirable affairs. "In the
world, everything they say," everything they say, everything they tell, ....

"Rely on that to generate desire": Rely on the desirable and undesirable; rely
on the joy and suffering; rely on the joy and sorrow; rely on the desirable and
undesirable; rely on the love, after disgust, the desire arises, occurs, is
arisen, is produced, and is born.

"After seeing non-existence and existence in form": "In form," the four great
elements and form created of the four great elements. What is the existence of
form? The existence, arising, production, birth, and appearance of all forms are
the existence of form. What is the non-existence of form? The extinction,
dissipation, destruction, incontinence, impermanence, and disappearance of all
forms are the non-existence of form. "After seeing non-existence and existence
in form": After seeing, after measuring, after judging, after separating, and
clarifying the existence and non-existence in form.

"In the world, people make judgments": "Judgment," there are two kinds of
judgments: the judgment of craving and the judgment of seeing. What is the
judgment of craving? Here, the property that a certain kind of person has not
arisen does not arise, and the property that has already arisen ends, he thought
this way: "Why doesn't my unborn (non-arisen) property arise, and the property
that has arisen has gone to the end?" He thought again: "With the cause of
drinking spirits, fruit wine, and wine, my unborn property does not arise, and
the property that has arisen is exhausted; for the practitioner who is committed
to the street that is not suitable for time, my unborn property does not arise,
and the wealth that has arisen has gone everywhere; for the practitioners who
linger on the exhibition,..., for the practitioners who are committed to
gambling and relaxation, ..., for the practitioners who are committed to evil
friends..., for the practitioner who is committed to laziness ...." [DN.31]
After doing this wisely, he does not get close to the failures of the six
properties; to get close to the gains of the six properties, this is a judgment
of eagerness.

Or, he plows the field, or buys and sells, or grazes cattle, thievery, or
government service, or uses other skills, which is also a judgment of thirst.
What is the judgment of seeing? Here, when the eyes have arisen, he realizes
(knows): "My true self has arisen." When his eyes disappeared, he realized: "My
true self has disappeared; my true self has gone." This is a judgment of seeing.
When the ears..., nose..., tongue..., body..., form..., sound..., taste...,
smell.... This is also the judgment of seeing; he causes it to arise, to
produce, to be born. "Humans" are all beings, .... "In the world": ....

> 103 &middot; Anger, false words, and doubt,  
(Arise) when there are two kinds of dhammas,  
The doubter should learn it on the path of wisdom;  
After knowing it, the dhammas are explained by Samaṇas.

"Anger, false words and doubts": "Anger" ..., false words are called lies,
doubts are called suspicions. Anger arises after the desired affairs; anger also
arises after reliance on undesirable things. Lies arise after reliance on
undesirable affairs; ...(omitted). Doubts...(omitted).

How is anger aroused after relying on undesirable affairs? After reliance on
undesirable matters, anger naturally arises: "He has acted against me,"
[AN.9.29] anger is aroused; "he is against my behavior," anger is aroused; "he
will act against me," anger is aroused; "he has been unfavorable to my beloved
and desirable behavior..., is unfavorable..., will be unfavorable," anger is
aroused; "he has benefited from what I do not love, undesirable...," anger is
arisen; or anger is arisen unjustified. Any kind of anger, hostility, hatred,
aversion, evil, heart aversion, state of anger, aggression, brutal anger, rage,
displeased heart, this is called anger.

In addition, the extreme and small states of anger should be perceived:
sometimes anger is only the degree of turbidity, but not as much as frowning;
sometimes anger is just as frowning, but not as much as gritted teeth; sometimes
anger is just the degree of gritted teeth, but not as much as verbal abuse;
sometimes anger is only to the level of verbal abuse, but not as much as looking
around for a weapon; sometimes anger is just looking around in all directions
(for a weapon), but not as much as the degree of (acquiring) the cane; sometimes
the anger is only the degree of the cane, but not the degree of (pulling out)
the cane; sometimes the anger is just the degree of the cane, but not as much as
hitting with the cane; sometimes anger is just the hit of the cane, but not
enough to fracture; sometimes anger is just fracturing and not enough to the
degree of rupture; sometimes anger is only the degree of rupture, but not as
much pulling apart every limb; sometimes anger is only the degree to which every
limb is pulled apart, but not enough to kill; sometimes anger is just the taking
away of life, but not as much as the degree of abandoning himself. When the
angry person kills himself after killing others, this situation is that the
anger further reaches the increase, and the further reaches the increase.

How is anger aroused after relying on a desirable task? Anger is raised when
suspicious of being robbed, ....

How do you get false speech after relying on undesirable affairs? Here, a
certain type of person is bound by the shackles of handcuffs, and deliberately
said vain (words) for the sake of that detachment..., or tied by ropes..., or
tied by shackles..., or tied by vines..., or tied by creepers..., or thrown into
shackles..., or tied by the shackles of the fence..., or tied by the shackles of
the villages, towns, cities and countries..., or tied by the shackles of the
locality, in order to depart from these shackles, he is deliberately saying
falsehoods.

How do you get false speech after relying on something you want? Here, a certain
kind of people deliberately speak vainly for the reason of the desirable form,
for the desirable smell, ...(omitted)..., the patient's needs and medical
necessities, he speaks deliberately vain (words).

How can doubt arise after reliance on undesirable affairs? "Will I get rid of
eye disease? Will I not get rid of eye diseases? Will I get rid of ear problems?
...(omitted)."

How can doubt arise after relying on desired affairs? "Will I get the form that
I want? Will I not get the desired form? ...."

"When there are two kinds, there are these dhammas": When there are agreeable
and undesirable; when there is happiness and suffering; when there is joy and
sorrow; when there is a want and non-want; when there is love and hatred, when
it is known, and when (both) are found there.

"The doubter should learn on the way of wisdom": Wisdom is the way of wisdom;
the object of wisdom is also the way of wisdom; the Dhamma that arises with
wisdom is also the way of wisdom, as the holy way is the holy way; the way of
heaven is the way of heaven; the way of Brāhmaṇa is the Brāhmaṇa way, wisdom is
the path of wisdom; the object of wisdom is also the path of wisdom; the Dhamma
that arises with wisdom is also the path of wisdom.

"Learning," there are three kinds of learning: increasing precept learning,
increasing mind learning, increasing wisdom learning.

What is to add to precepts? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is
protected by the self-control of the Pātimokkha. He has sufficient righteousness
and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns after
accepting from a teacher. Small precepts aggregate and large precept aggregates
are the foundation of abstinence, the (self) inhibition of behavior, the
entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dhamma, etc., this is to
increase precept learning.

What is to increase mind? Here, the bhikkhu lives in the first jhāna of
reasoning and thinking after he is absent from desires and unwholesome Dhamma,
and after detachment produces joy and happiness; he calms down reasoning and
thinking, with confidence, and one mind, and after entering, he lives in no
reasoning, the second jhāna of joy and happiness is born without waiting;
concentration, which fades with joy and dwells in peace, has mindfulness and
right knowledge, and feels happiness in the body, after entering, dwelling in,
this holy disciple proclaims: "He is calm and possessed" in the third jhāna of
"mindfulness and abiding in the bliss;" with the renunciation of pleasure and
the renunciation of suffering, and the extinction of joy and sorrow in the past,
after entering, dwells in where there is no suffering or unhappiness in the
fourth jhāna, this is to increase the mind.

What is to increase wisdom? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise person, possessing the
wisdom that leads to the arising and passing away; the holy, insight, and the
complete extinction of suffering is (the wisdom), he truthfully knows "This is
suffering." I know "This is the collection of suffering." I know "This is
suffering." I know "This is the path to suffering." To know the truth: "These
are troubles." To know the truth: "This is a collection of troubles." To know
the truth: "This is the elimination of suffering." To know the truth: "This is
the path leading to suffering." This is to increase wisdom.

These three studies should be learned when heading towards (noting); learning
when knowing; learning when seeing; learning when introspecting; learning when
establishing (decision) when the heart is established; learning when solving
with faith; you should learn when you are vigorous; you should learn when
mindfulness arises; you should learn when the mind has concentration; you should
learn when you know with wisdom; you should learn when you know what should be
known; when knowledge should be known; we should learn when we should be
renounced; we should learn when we should be practiced; we should learn when we
should be testified, we should practice, we should practice well, and we should
learn when we hold and go on.

"The doubter should learn on the way of wisdom": The doubter, the person who has
doubts, confusion, and hesitations, in order to reach wisdom, to arrive at)
wisdom, and to testify (to) wisdom, should learn more ...(omitted, see previous
sections).

"After knowing, the dhamma is explained by Samaṇas": "After knowing," after
knowing, ..., being said, explained, ...: "All actions are impermanent" after
knowing, ...; "all actions are suffering"...; "all dhammas are selfless"...;
"there is action based on ignorance"...; "life is the predestined condition, and
there is old age and death"...; "with ignorance and death, there is action and
death"...; "by birth and death, there is old age and death"...; "this is
suffering"...; "this is the path leading to misery"...; "these are troubles"...;
"this is the path leading to troubles"...; "these dhammas should be proven"...;
"these dhammas should be known"...; "these dhammas should be cut off"...; "this
Dhamma should be practiced"...; "this Dhamma should be testified"...; the
gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and renunciation of the six touch
points...; five aggregates...; four major...; "any collection of dhammas is an
extinction," after knowing, ..., being said, ....

This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! I teach the Dhamma with the wisdom
of the enlightenment, not without the wisdom; I teach the Dhamma by cause and
condition, not without cause and condition; I teach the Dhamma with divine
transformation, not without divine transformation, bhikkhus! When I teach the
Dhamma with wisdom wisdom, ..., (my) exhortation should be done; (my)
instruction should be done, bhikkhus! This is enough for you to be satisfied,
rejoicing, and delighted: the Blessed One is the Enlightened One, the Dhamma is
good, and the Saṅgha is one who walks according to goodness." [AN.3.126] And
when this commentary was said, ten thousand worlds shook [DN.1].

> 104 &middot; What is the cause for the desirable and undesirable?  
When what does not exist, do these not exist?  
What is the truth of non-existence and existence,  
Please tell me what is the cause for this.

"Where is the cause of the desirable and undesirable?": "Where is the cause of
the desirable and undesirable? Where are they born? ...." He inquires about the
roots of the agreeable and undesirable....

"When something does not exist, these do not exist": When something does not
exist, when it is not known, they do not exist; when what is desirable and
undesirable are not discovered, they do not exist, do not occur, do not arise,
are not produced, to not arise, are not born.

"The truth of non-existence and existence": What is a desirable and undesirable
existence? Any desirable and undesirable existence and occurrence, it arises, is
born, occurs, and appears. This is the existence of the desirable and
undesirable. What is the non-existence of the undesirable and undesirable? The
destruction, dissipation, impermanence, and disappearance of desirable and
undesirable. The non-existence of desirable and undesirable. "What is this
truth," whatever is the highest truth.

"Please tell me where is the cause of this": "This," everything I ask;
...(omitted). "Please tell me," Please tell me, ...(omitted). "From where is the
cause," where is the cause, where is the collection, where is the birth, where
is the root."

> 105 &middot; Desirable and undesirable, touches are the cause,  
And these do not exist when touch does not exist,  
The truth of non-existence and existence,  
I tell you that this is the reason.

"Desirable and undesirable touch (contact) is its cause": The touch that should
feel pleasurable gives rise to joy, and the extinction of the touch that should
feel pleasurable corresponds to that feeling: the touch that should feel
pleasure arises the joy of it is destroyed; it is calmed down. Suffering arises
from the touch that should feel suffering, and the extinction of the touch that
should feel suffering corresponds to that feeling: the suffering that arises
from the touch that should feel suffering is destroyed; it is calmed down. It is
due to the feeling that the touch that is not painful or unhappy arises, and the
touch that is not painful or unpleasant should experience the extinction of the
touch that is not painful or unpleasant. Corresponding to the feeling that
should be felt: it is due to the feeling that the touch that is not suffering or
unhappy arises; it is not suffering or happy to be destroyed; it is calmed down.
"Desirable and undesirable contact is its cause": Desirable and undesirable
contact is its cause; contact is its collection; contact is its birth; contact
is its root.

"These do not exist when the touch does not exist": When the touch does not
exist, when it is not known, they do not exist; when it is not found, the
desirable and undesirable do not exist, do not occur, do not arise, are not
produced, are not born, do not appear.

"The reason for non-existence and existence": The view of existence is always
the cause; the view of non-existence is also the cause. "This truth" is the
highest truth.

"I tell you this, from here is the reason": "This," whatever you ask; .... "I
tell," I tell, .... "From here is the cause," from here: touch is its
collection; touch is its birth; touch is its root.

> 106 &middot; Then what is the cause of touch in the world,  
And from where are there many things?  
When what does not exist, is there no self-holding?  
When what has disappeared, is there no touch?

"So where does the touch in the world have its cause?" "Where does the touch
come from? ...." He asked the root of touch; ....

"And where are there many things from?": "Where do things come from? Where are
they born? ...." He asked about the root of all things; ....

"When what does not exist, is there no self-holding (grasping to the wrong idea
of self)": When something does not exist, it does not exist when it is not
known; when self-clinging does not exist, is not known, ..., burned by the fire
of wisdom.

"When what disappears, is there no touch": When something disappears; when it
does not exist; when it has crossed; when it has passed; when it has been
overcome, there is no touch.

> 107 &middot; Contact is due to name and form,  
The reason for wanting is possession,  
There is no self-attachment when wanting is non-existent,  
And there cannot be touch when the form is clear.

"Contact is due to name and form": Eye-consciousness arises from the eye and
form. The three meet and touch. The eyes and the forms in the form (the forms
belonging to the form), in addition to the eye contact, also there are
corresponding dhammas in the name (belonging to the name), so that it is due to
the contact between name and form. Ears.... Nose.... Tongue.... Body....
(Mind-)consciousness arises due to the mind and the Dhamma. When the three meet,
there is contact. (The mind) is in the material. The formed dhammas are in the
material. There are corresponding dhammas in the name, so it is due to the
contact between name and form.

"There is possession as the reason of wanting": Wanting is called craving, which
is greed, .... "Property," there are two kinds of possessions: the possessions
of thirst and possessions of seeing.... "The cause of wanting is possessions":
Everything takes desire as its cause, desire as its reason, desire as its
condition, and desire as its root.

"When want is non-existent, there is no self-holding": Want is called craving,
.... There are two kinds of self-holdings: .... "When want is non-existent,
there is no self-clinging": When want is non-existent, is not known, is not
discovered, self-clinging does not exist..., has been cut off..., burned by the
fire of wisdom.

"When the form is understood, there will not be touch": "Form," ...(omitted).
"When the form is understood," the four forms of form are understood: by
knowing, understanding, measuring, cutting off, passing. How to be understood
based on what is known? He knows form: "Any forms, all forms are the four great
elements and created of the four great elements." He knows; when he sees, he is
made clear by knowing and understanding.

How to be understood by measuring understanding? After doing this, he measures
form as impermanent, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, curse, disease, on the other
side, corrupt, disaster, evil, terror, calamity, movement, perishable, unstable,
no shelter, no refuge, no return, reluctant, hypocritical, empty, selfless,
fault, change, false, unfortunate root, killer, nothing, troublesome, promising,
magic food (bait), birth method, old age method, disease method, death method,
sorrow and despair method, pollution method, assembly (gathering), extinction,
pleasure, troubles, and renunciation, in this way it is to be understood by
measuring and understanding.

How to be made clear by the cutting off of the form? After weighing in this way,
the desire for form, the greed, he will let go, drive away, end, and make it go
to non-existence. This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! All the desires
and greed about form will be cut off. In this way, that form be cut off and the
roots will be cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-being
and non-living things for the future." [SN.22.25] In this way, making clear by
cutting off the form.

How to be understood by transcending the form? In the four formless abodes, the
forms are made clear (disappeared), made clear (destroyed), passed through,
passed over, and overcome, so that they are made clear by passing through. It is
understood by these four behaviors.

"When the form is understood, it cannot be touched": When the form is
understood; when it is cleared; when it is crossed; when it is overcome, it
cannot be touched: eye contact, ear contact, nose..., tongue, body.

> 108 &middot; How does one understand (overcome) form?  
How to understand (overcome) happiness and suffering?  
Please tell me this about understanding (overcoming).  
May we know this: this is my intention

"How does one understand (overcome) form?": "How is it" how is it; what is the
way of the person; what is the action; what is the going-on of the person; what
is the guarding; what is the last; how is the person who keeps it clear; to be
crossed; to be overtaken; to be overcome.

"How to understand happiness and suffering": How to understand happiness and
suffering; make it clear; be crossed; be overcome.

"Please tell me this about understanding": "This," Whatever I ask; .... "Please
tell me," "Please tell me, ...." "About understanding," about understanding to
make it clear, to be crossed, to be overcome.

"May we know this: it is my intention like this": "May we know this," May we
know this; let us know; may we know for sure; may we pass through. "Like this is
my intention," like this is my intention; like this is my heart; like this is my
consciousness.

> 109 &middot; He is a person does not think through perceiving,  
A person who does not think through desire,  
And a person who does not disappear (thinking),  
This makes it clear for him,  
Because the false name is thought to be the cause.

"He is a person who does not think through perceiving, and a person who does not
think through desire": A person who thinks through perceiving is called someone
who wants to live in the ordinary, but he is not a person who wants to live in
the ordinary. He who has (these) thoughts is called a mad person and a person
who has a confused mind, but he is not a mad person, nor a person who has a
confused heart.

"Nor the one who disappears (thinking)": Those who do not want to disappear are
called those who enter extinction and those who are without thoughts, but he is
not one who enters, nor is he one who does not want to disappear. The one who
wants to disappear is called the one who dwells in the four formless ones
(immaterial jhānas), but he is not the one who dwells in the four formless ones.

"This is the way for him to understand form": Here, the bhikkhu is
disconnected... (omitted) after entering the fourth jhāna, when the mind is so
absorbed, fully pure, purified, and without filth, without defilement,
malleable, suitable for work, standing or standing still, in order to obtain the
boundless void, he exits and turns his mind to formlessness. This is him; in
this way; the actor is like this; the one who goes on is like this; the guarding
is like this; the one who keeps it is like this; the one who keeps it is clear;
make it clear; be traversed; be crossed; be overcome.

"Because the false name is its cause": False is the name of falsehood: false
name of craving, false name of seeing, false name of conceit, thinking is its
cause; want is its collection; want is its birth; thinking is its root.

> 110 &middot; Whatever we ask you, you tell us;  
We want to ask you other things, come! Please tell about this,  
Do some of the wise men here tell about this area:  
The first (foremost thing is) purity of Yakkha (spirit),  
Or do they say other things (differently)?

"Whatever we ask you, you tell us": What we ask you, .... "You tell us," you
told, ....

"We want to ask you about other things, come! Please tell about that": We want
to ask you about other things; .... "Come! Please tell that," come! Please tell;
please explain; ....

"Whether some wise men here tell this area: the first (foremost is) purity of
Yakkha (translations of Sn generally use 'spirit' here instead of 'Yakkha,'
which is not what is literally written, but may be the correct intention)": Some
Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas say, tell, talk, explain, say that this formlessness, etc.
is the first and the most successful, superior, top. "Yakkha," sentient beings,
.... "Pure," pure, clean, pure all over; detachment, liberation, disengagement.
"The wise men here," the wise speakers here, those with firm words, those who
(have) methods, (have) reasons, (have) characteristics, (have) grounds, and
those who make their own opinions possible.

"Are they talking about other things": Or are some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas who
pass through, cross over, overcome the formlessness and wait to speak, tell,
talk, explain, say that this formlessness, etc., there are other higher Yakkha.
Are they pure, clean, pure all over; detachment, liberation, disengagement?

> 111 &middot; There are some wise men who tell about this area:  
The first (foremost) purity of Yakkha,  
But there are some who claim to be skillful,  
And they tell that there is no remnant.

"There are certain sages here who tell about this scope: the first purity of
Yakkha": There are certain Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas who are constant critics. They
say, tell, talk, explain, say this formless, etc. The first, the most
victorious, the extraordinary, the most, the top. "Yakkha," sentient beings,
.... "Pure," .... "The wise men here," ....

"But some of them who claim to be skillful, and they tell of those who are
extinct and have no remnants." Those Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas who proclaim the
doctrine of annihilation and who have no fear. They rejoice at nothing. They
tell of "the silence, calm, cessation, extinction, stopping of all living
beings": whoever has been cut off and disappeared since the disintegration of
the body of the true self, ceases to exist after death, and there is no residue
in this situation. "Declaring the skillful," the skillful speaker, the wise
speaker, ....

> 112 &middot; After knowing that "these are dependent,"  
After knowing the dependence, the investigator, Muni,  
After knowing that, he becomes a liberated person,  
He does not come to arguments,  
And the wise person does not meet with all kinds of things (existences).

"Knowing 'these are dependent'": "These" are those of evil views. "Relying,"
after knowing "(these are) dependent;" after knowing "relying on judgment;"
after knowing the "reliance on what is often seen," after he understands, after
weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying.

"After knowing that, Muni is an observer in terms of dependence": "Muni," Muni
is called wisdom, that is wisdom, understanding... (omitted), no delusion,
Dhamma, right view, possessing Muni wisdom, Muni. There are three kinds of Muni
(perfect virtues): body Muni, language Muni, and intention Muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the Muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the body is the Muni position; the knowledge of the body is the Muni
position; walking the Path with (higher) knowledge is the body of Muni; the
abandonment of desire and greed, cut off, as the Muni; the fourth jhāna
extinction of the body is the position of Muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds of
language is the position of Muni; the four kinds of good acts of language are
the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni;
the knowledge of language is the position of Muni; and knowing the path of all
acts is the position of Muni; the abandonment of desire and greed of language is
the position of Muni; the second jhāna cessation of language is the position of
language Muni.

What is intention Muni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are
the Muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the mind-object is the Muni position; the knowledge of the heart is
the Muni position; the one that walks the Path with knowledge is the position of
Muni; the desire and greed of the heart being judged is the position of Muni;
the desire to perish the mind is the position of Muni.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.  
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil."

The six types of Muni have these three modes of Muni: Muni at home, Muni without
a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni, Muni (of the)
Muni. Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footsteps and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those bhikkhus
who have seen the footsteps and who have learned the precepts are homeless Muni.
There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning
Muni, and Bhikkhu Buddha as Bhikkhu Muni. Muni (of) Muni is called Tathāgata,
Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-wise is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,  
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.  
Avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,  
Everyone who understands the (inner and outer sum) in the world,  
Because that is said to be Muni.  
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world,  
The unwholesome and the good behind the Dhamma,  
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man,  
Beyond staining and the net, he is Muni."

After Muni knows "(these are) the common ones; after he knows the "according to
the judgments;" after he knows the "according to the common judgments," he
understands, .... "He is an inspector," he is a wise man, an enlightened man,
and a distinguished man. "After knowing, he will not come to argue": After
knowing, after understanding, .... "Liberated," Those who are kind and liberated
are truly liberated by not clinging to them: "All actions are impermanent."
after knowing, ..., becoming liberated, detached, dissociated all over, good
relief, the liberated person is ultimately liberated by not clinging to it; "all
actions are suffering"..., "all dhammas are selfless"..., "all dhammas are an
extinction".... "He does not come to argue," he does not quarrel, does not
argue, does not dispute, does not disregard. This was said by the Blessed One:
"Aggivessana! Such a liberated bhikkhu does not disagree with anything, does not
argue with anything the world says, without clinging." [MN.74]

"The wise one does not meet with all kinds of things (existences)": "With all
kinds of things," there are (all kinds of) with kamma, and with desires again;
with kamma with desires, and with forms, the kamma that exists with the formless
existence; the kamma with the formless existence, and the repeated existence;
the repeated interest, the repeated rebirth, the repeated rebirth, and the
repeated rebirth of the individual will not be in harmony or not. Gathering, not
grasping, not holding, not clinging. "The wise man," ....

\newpage
