### 13. The Greater Pass

> 130 &middot; Anyone who has seen these (views),  
And who say "this is true,"  
Are those all just incurring rebuke,  
Or do they get praise there too?

"Anyone who sees any of these": "Any," all completely, every aspect completely,
no surplus, the whole earth, this is the language of ubiquity, "any." "Seeing
(views)," some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas are (of) evil views. After controlling,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"And those who tell 'this is real'": "The world is constant, ...(omitted, see
previous sections)." They tell, ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"(Have) those all only incurred rebuke": Those Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas all only
followed rebuke, only scolding, only blame.

"Or did they get praise there too": There (did) they get, obtain, arrive, find,
praise and admiration with their own views, their likes, their inclinations, and
their opinions.

> 131 &middot; This (praise) is small and insufficient for peace.  
I said there are two consequences of arguing.  
After seeing this, one shouldn't argue;  
The one who does not argue is a stable one.

"This is small and insufficient for calm (peace)": "This is small," This is
less; this is inferior; this is only a few; this is low; this is inferior
intent; this is insignificant. "Not enough for peace," what belongs to greed is
for peace, what belongs to anger is for peace, ...foolishness..., ...(omitted,
see previous sections)..., all the unwholesome contrived things are not enough
for peace, for silence, for calming down, for cooling, for stopping, and for
cessation.

"I said that there are two results of arguing": The quarrel of seeing (views),
the argument of seeing, the dispute of seeing, the result of seeing dissent,
there are two results: victory and defeat; gain and failure; reputation, no
reputation; there are reprimands and praises; there are sufferings and
pleasures; there are joys and depressions; there are satisfied and dissatisfied;
there are love and disgust; there are proud and depressed; there are compliance
and opposition. Or, "That kamma will lead to hell, lead to the animal world,
lead to the hungry ghost world." I said, I explained, I taught, I informed, I
established, I uncovered, I analyzed, I clarified.

"He shouldn't argue after seeing this": "After seeing this," This trouble: in
the quarrel of seeing, ..., after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying. "He should not argue," he should not quarrel,
should not argue, ..., he should abandon, ...(omitted, see previous sections).
He should have gone from quarreling, arguing, ..., abstinence, departing,
renunciation, freed, liberation, he should live with an unrestrained heart.

"The one who does not argue is the stable one": The one who does not argue is
called non-living, Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation
of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, Nibbāna.
Seeing, watching, contemplating, and observing as unarguably stable, shelter,
refuge, fearless, non-dead, non-living, and Nibbāna.

> 132 &middot; For any of these mundane general insights,  
The wise do not reach (grasp) all of these,  
Why would a non-attached one come to attachment,  
When he does not like what he sees and hears?

"Any of these mundane general opinions": "Anything," all completely, ...
"General opinion," the general opinion is called the general opinion of
sixty-two evil views. "Ordinary," "general opinions arising from ordinary
people" are ordinary, or "general opinions arising widely from all kinds of
people" are ordinary.

"The wise man does not reach all of this": The wise man is the one who has
reached the world, the wise. The secular view (that) guides all this, he does
not reach, does not arrive, does not grasp, does not take, does not cling (to).

"Why would the non-attached one come to attachment": "Attachment," there are two
kinds of attachments: ...(omitted, see previous sections). For him, the
attachment to thirsting has been cut off; .... Why would the non-attached people
come to arrive, reach, hold, take, and cling to form as true self? Feeling...,
thinking..., doing..., knowing..., the interest..., death..., being born...,
being (existing)..., reincarnation..., why would he arrive, ...?

"Those who do not like what they see and hear": He who does not like in what is
seen, or what is heard, or what is felt, nor in will (intention), does not love,
and is not greedy; the person who is not born, is not produced, not born.

> 133 &middot; Those who take the precepts as the highest,  
Say that (self-)inhibition is pure;  
Those who appear after being restrained, (saying:)  
Let us learn right here and then there will be purity;  
Claiming to be skillful, they will be lead to there (further existence).

"Those who take the precepts as the highest, they say that (self-)inhibition is
pure": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Those who appear after being restrained": "Prohibition," elephant prohibition,
or horse prohibition, or cattle prohibition, or dog prohibition, or crow
prohibition, or Vishnu prohibition, or strong deva (baladeva) prohibition, or
completely lucky (puṇṇa-bhadda) prohibition, or lucky jewel (maṇi-bhadda)
prohibition, or fire prohibition, or dragon prohibition, or golden-winged bird
prohibition, or Yakkha prohibition, or Asura prohibition, or Gandhabba
prohibition, or king prohibition, or moon prohibition, or day prohibition, or
Indā Prohibition, or Brahma prohibition, or heaven prohibition, or position
prohibition, after they cling, after being held, after taking, after taking on,
after taking up, after grasping, after clinging, being manifested, adhered,
entered, infected, and directed toward.

"Let us study here and then there will be purity": "Here," in my own views, my
likes, my inclinations, and my opinions. "Let us learn," let us learn, let us
practice, let us implement, and let us go on after being sustained." Let us
study here. "Then there will be purity," and then there will be purity,
cleanliness, and all-over purity; detachment, liberation, disengagement.

"Declaring (to be) the skillful, led to being": "Being led to being," being led
to being, being caught in being, being taken to being, being directed towards
being. "Declaring the skillful," the skillful speaker, the wise speaker,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

> 134 &middot; If he fell from precepts and prohibitions,  
He trembles after failing in this behavior,  
He hopes and prays for purity,  
Like a traveler from home abandoned by a caravan.

"If he fell from precepts and prohibitions": He fell from precepts and
prohibitions for two reasons: he was interrupted by others, or he fell when he
did not reach them. How would he fall when others interrupt him? "The
interruption of others": That master is not all wise, the Dhamma is not said to
be good, (its) groups (of people) are not those who do what is good, seeing is
not good, the path is not set up by the good, the path is not detached, there is
no purity here, or purification, or all over pure; or free, or liberated, or all
out, it's inferior, despicable, low, trivial, inferior intent, and
insignificant. This is "interrupted by others." In this way, the master will
fall when interrupted, and the dhamma he tells will fall, the group will fall,
seeing will fall, the way will fall, the Path did will fall, so he was
interrupted by others. How would he fall when he did not reach? When he did not
reach the precept, when he did not reach the prohibition, when he did not reach
the precept and prohibition, so he fell when the prohibition was not reached.

"He trembled after failing in the behavior": "He trembled," "I lost the precept
or prohibition or both the precept and the prohibition; by me, violated by me,
overturned by me, lost by me, and I am a violator unknowingly." He was
trembling, ...(omitted). "After the act fails," "Blessed or non-blessed or
immobile is lost by me; violated by me; ...." He was shaking, trembling,
trembling greatly.

"He wants and prays for purity": "He wants," He longs for precepts, or he longs
for prohibitions, or he longs for precepts and prohibitions, he hopes and prays.
"And prays for purity," he prays for the purity of the precepts, or he prays for
the purity of the prohibition, or he prays for the purity of the precepts and
prohibitions.

"(As) if a man who has traveled from home (and) is abandoned by a caravan": As a
man has left home and takes the caravan as a far traveler or resident (living
person), he is abandoned by the caravan, he may pursue that caravan, or go home.
In the same way, the evil-viewer either holds the master or other masters; or
holds the narration of that method, or holds the narration of other methods; or
holds the group, or holds other groups; or holding that view, or holding other
views; or holding that way, or holding other way; or holding that path, or
holding other paths, he takes and clings to it.

> 135 &middot; But after giving up all precepts and prohibitions,  
And acts of guilt and innocence,  
"Purity and impurity," those who do not pray,  
Do not grasp silence after quitting.

"But after renouncing all precepts and prohibitions": After all the purity of
precepts are cut off, after abandoning, after being driven away, after the end,
after making them non-existent; after all the purity of prohibitions...; ...the
purity of precepts and prohibitions....

"And after this guilty and innocent behavior": The guilty behavior is called
black fruit; the innocent behavior is called white fruit. After the guilty
behavior and the innocent behavior are abolished, after giving up, after being
expelled, after the end, making it go to non-existence.

"'Pure and impure' (they) do not pray": "Impurity," they want impurity: they
want unwholesome Dhamma; "pure," they want purity: they want five desires. They
want impurity: they want evil, and they want five desires; they desire purity:
they desire sixty-two evil views. They desire impurity: they desire unwholesome
dhamma, they desire five desires, they desire sixty-two evil views; they desire
purity: they desire Good Dhamma in the Three Realms. They want impurity: they
want unwholesome Dhamma, they want five desires, they want sixty-two evil views,
they want good Dhamma in the Three Realms; they want purity: good ordinary
people want to enter, the students hope for the first realm of the Arahant
state. The Arahant who has reached the Arahant state neither desires unwholesome
dhamma, nor the five desires, nor the sixty-two evil views, nor the good dhamma
in the three realms, nor the decision to enter the first Arahant realm. The
desired transcendence, the Arahant has surpassed growth and retreat, he is a
person who has descended into a state, a person who has practiced... (omitted),
the cycle of birth and death, without his rebirth.

"He who has abstained without taking up silence can do it": "The one who has
abstained," "He has been separated from pure and impure, has abstained, has
forgone, has renounced, has departed, has been liberated, he is unbound, he
lives with an unrestrained heart. He is the one who has abstained. "Able to do,"
Able to do, to move, to live, to act, to go on, to guard, to sustain, to
survive. It is possible for the person who has abstained. "After not picking up
the silence," the silence is called the silence of sixty-two evil views. He is
not holding, not taking, and not clinging.

> 136 &middot; Relying on asceticism or disgust,  
Or even after seeing or hearing or feeling,  
After going forward, they declared that they were pure,  
Those who are thirsty in all kinds of existence.

"Depending on asceticism or disgust": Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas are austere and
aversive, those with austerity and aversion as the core, those who depend on
asceticism and aversion, those who stop, those who stick to them, those who fall
into them, those who hold the mind toward (these things).

"Or even after seeing or hearing or feeling": The purity of what you see; the
purity of what you hear; the purity of what you feel; after depending, after
relying, after picking up, after grasping, after attachment.

"After going forward, they proclaimed purity": Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas are
the critics (commentators) after going forward. Which Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas are
the critics after going forward? Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas are the ultimately
pure, reincarnation pure, no work Seers, constant commentators, these Samaṇas,
Brāhmaṇas, they are the commentators after going forward. They applaud, inform,
tell, talk, explain, and say that reincarnation is pure, clean, and all-pure;
detachment, liberation, and disengagement.

"Thirsty in all kinds of existence": "Thirsty love," the thirst for form, thirst
for sound, thirst for smell, thirst for taste, thirst for touch, thirst for
Dhamma. "In all kinds of existence," ...(omitted, see previous sections); those
who are thirsty, those who have not given up their thirst, those who have not
eliminated thirst, those who have not released their thirst, those who have not
quit their thirsting.

> 137 &middot; Indeed for those who wish there are many aspirations,  
But also trembling in the fixed view,  
For those who do not have death and rebirth here,  
Why would he tremble or what would he long for?

"There are indeed many aspirations for the hopeful": Hope is called craving,
which is greed, .... "For the hopeful," For the person who wants, for the person
who seeks, for the person who wishes, for the recipient, for the person who
desires, and for the person who prays. "There are indeed many aspirations,"
Desire is called craving, it is greed, ....

"Also trembling in the fixed view": "Constant view," there are two kinds of
fixed view: the fixed view of thirsting and the fixed view of seeing...."Also
tremble in the fixed view": They tremble when the things that have been fixed
are suspected of being robbed, ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"For those who do not have death and rebirth here": "For those who...," for the
Arahant, for those who have exhausted their troubles. All their interactions,
contacts, death time, all kinds of death, past life, birth, disintegration,
rebirth, senescence, death they do not have, do not exist, are not known, are
not discovered, have been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, cannot arise,
burned by the fire of wisdom.

"Why would he tremble or where he would eagerly look forward to": Why would he
tremble with greed? Why would he be trembling? Why would he be trembling with
ignorance? Why would he tremble with conceit? With what kind of behavior he will
tremble? What kind of suspicion he will tremble? What is the latent trend of
troubles for which he will tremble, becoming "sick," or "disgusting," or
"stupid," or "bound," or "the one who clings to," or "come to disorganization,"
or "come to the unpleasant," or "come to fortitude?" Those creations have been
cut off, the deeds of have been cut off, he will tremble and become one in
"hell," or "beast (world)," or a "hungry ghost," or a "person," or "heaven," or
"formed," or "formless," or "thinking," or "non-thinking," or "neither thinking
nor non-thinking?" He has no cause, no predestiny, and no factors, so why will
he tremble, tremor, and tremble greatly." Why he would tremble. "Where would he
be eager," or where would he be keen? On what would he look forward to? Where
would he be eager; would he hope; would he pray?

> 138 &middot; Some people say, in the Dhamma, "it is the highest,"  
But others say, "it is inferior."  
Then which of these speakers is true?  
Because these people all claim to be skillful.

"Some people in the Dhamma say 'it is the highest'": The Dhamma, view,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"But other people said, 'That is what is inferior.'" As for the Dhamma, view,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Then which speaker of these people is true": Which speaker of these Samaṇas and
Brāhmaṇas is true, ....

"Because these people are all professing to be skillful people": These Samaṇas
and Brāhmaṇas are all skillful speakers, ....

> 139 &middot; Indeed they say that their own Dhamma is perfect,  
And they say that the Dhamma of others is inferior.  
After holding in this way, they argue,  
And they say that their own opinions are true.

"It is true that they say that their own Dhamma is complete": Their own Dhamma,
..., some Samaṇas, Brāhmaṇas say... : "This is complete and perfect."

"And the Dhamma of other people is inferior": Other people's Dhamma, ..., some
Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas say ...: "This is inferior, ...."

"After holding this way, they argue": After holding this way, after grasping,
..., they argue, quarrel, ...: "You don't know this dhamma, ...."

"They said their opinions are true": "The world is constant, ...."

> 140 &middot; If by scorn from your opponent you become inferior,  
There will be no winner in any Dhamma,  
Because each of them tells others that their Dhamma is despicable,  
And about themselves, they claim to be strong.

"If by scorn from your opponent, you will become an inferior": If the opponent
becomes a fool, an inferior, ..., because of the reason of being scorned by the
opponent, the cause of reprimand, the cause of blaming, the cause of abuse.

"There will be no superior in any Dhamma": In Dhamma there will not be any
first, most superior, superior, highest, top.

"Because each of them tells others that the Dhamma is despicable": Most people
say, insult, accuse, and reprimand the (other) Dhammas of the majority as
inferior, .... A person also speaks, insults, ..., most of the (other) Dhammas
as inferior, .... One person also speaks, ..., the (other) Dhamma is inferior,
....

"About oneself, they claim to be strong (firm, sturdy)": My own Dhamma, my own
view, my own way, my own path, in my own path he is a strong speaker, a firm
speaker, the one who is established.

> 141 &middot; The Dhamma that they respect is true,  
(Just) as they praise their way,  
Everything said would become truthful,  
Because for those people purity is their own.

"The Dhamma that oneself respects is true": What is the respect of one's own
Dhamma? Respect, worship, adore, and admire your own master: "This master is all
wise." This is the respect of one's own Dhamma. Talking about one's own
Dhamma..., own group..., own views..., own way..., one's own path, respect,
worship, adore, and admire: "This way is renunciation." This is to respect one's
own way. "The Dhamma that oneself respects is true": "The respect of one's own
Dhamma (alone) is true, truthful, factual, correct, and irreversible.

"As they praise their own way": the Dhamma is their own way, the view is their
own way, the road is their own way, the Path is their own way, they praise and
admire their own way.

"Then everything said will become truthful": Everything said will become true,
truthful, ....

"Because to those people purity is their own": For those Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas,
they are pure, clean, and all-pure; detachment, liberation, and disengagement
are their own.

> 142 &middot; For Brāhmaṇas who are not guided by others,  
(Or) holding tightly after selecting in the Dhamma,  
He has therefore been rid of arguments,  
Because he does not regard other dhammas as the most victorious.

"For Brāhmaṇas who are not guided by others": "Not" is negative. "Brāhmaṇa," the
exclusion of the seven dhammas is the Brāhmaṇa: seeing is excluded, doubt is
excluded, abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded,
illusion is eliminated, sloth is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods
are eliminated: those that are contaminated, those that are no longer there,
those that are fearful, those who will suffer the consequences, and those who
will die in the future.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 524]  
"After all evil is eliminated,  
Standing the spotless, virtuous state,  
After he transcends reincarnation,  
He becomes a perfect man.  
Those who are not dependent,  
Like this can be called Brāhmaṇa."

"For Brāhmaṇas who are not guided by others": For Brāhmaṇas, those who are not
guided by others. Brāhmaṇas are those who are not guided by others, are not
dependent on others, are not due to others, and are not bound by others. He
(truthfully) knows and sees that he is the one who is not ignorant, the one who
knows exactly, and the one who remembers: "All actions are impermanent" for a
Brāhmaṇa without being guided by others, ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"After being selected in the Dhamma, holding tightly": "In the Dhamma," in the
sixty-two evil views. "After the selection," ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "Holding tightly," Limited grip, partial grip, uppermost grip, fixed
amount grip, accumulated grip, fully accumulated grip: "This is true, ...." They
are held, clinging, attached, taken, and believed. They don't exist, are not
known, ....

"Therefore arguing has been cast off": "Therefore," therefore; the reason; the
cause; the condition; the cause. The quarrel, the argument, ...between views has
been shaken off, has been traversed, has been crossed, has been overcome.

"Because he does not regard other Dhammas as the most victorious": In addition
to (except for) the Dhamma, in addition to all righteousness, in addition to the
divine bases, in addition to the roots, in addition to the powers, in addition
to the enlightenments, in addition to the eight branches of the holy path, he
did not see, did not watch, did not observe the first and most the most
victorious, the superior, the highest, the top method.

> 143 &middot; (Saying) I know, I see it like that,  
Some people come back to purity through views,  
What can he do if he sees it for himself?  
After walking too far,  
They say there is purity in other things.

"I know, I see it like that": "I know," or with his mind I know, or with the
wisdom of his past dwellings. "I see," I see with the naked eye, or with the eye
of heaven. "It's like that." It's true, ....

"Some people return to views as pure": Some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas return to
views as pure, ...: "The world is constant, ...."

"If he sees for himself, what he can do": "He sees," or he saw with his mind, or
with the wisdom of the memory of the past lives, he saw with the naked eye, or
with the eye of heaven. "For him, what can be done with that," for him, with
that seeing, what has been done? There is no knowledge of suffering, no
judgment, no practice of the way, testifying without results, no giving up of
greed, no giving up anger, no giving up delusion, no giving up all kinds of
pollution, and no breaking off of Saṃsāra.

"After going too far, they said that they were pure in other ways": In addition
to staying in the four mindfulnesses, in addition to the righteousness, ...,
they crossed, traversed, and overcome the pure path, the clear path, and the
pure white path. After they said, told, ..., all-pure; detachment....

Or, after the Buddhas and the disciples of the Buddhas and the Bhikkhu Buddhas
have passed, crossed, and overcome the impure, unclear, unclean, non-pure, and
impure white paths of the outer path, they practiced four mindfulness, ..., to
inform, tell, ....

> 144 &middot; People who see it, see name and form,  
And those who see it will know (just these),  
Let him see more or less as he pleases;  
Indeed, the skillful people do not say that that is pure.

"The one who sees, sees the name and form": The one who sees, sees it, or with
his mind, or with the wisdom of the memories of the past lives, sees it with the
naked eye, or with the eyes of the heavens. He only sees the name and form as
constant, the happy, the true self, did not see the gathering, or extinction, or
pleasure, or trouble, or renunciation of those dhammas.

"After seeing those, they will be known": "After seeing," .... Those which are
known as constant, happy, true self, the gathering, disappearance, pleasure, or
trouble, or renunciation of those dhammas, are known.

"Let him see, more or less, as he pleases": When he sees more or less names and
forms as he pleases, it is constant, happy, and true.

"Indeed, skillful ones do not say that it is pure": "Skillful ones,"
...(omitted, see previous sections)..., or with the eyes of the heavens, do not
speak, tell, ...: seeing the name and form as pure, ....

> 145 &middot; Obsessive critics are indeed those who are not easy to adjust:  
Those who value the fixed view,  
When it is declared that everyone who rests there is pure,  
The purist sees like that there.

"The obsessives are indeed those who are not easy to adjust": "The world is
constant, ..." is the obsessives; "the world is very permanent..." "It is true
that it is not easy to adjust." The obsessives are those who are hard to adjust,
hard to tell, hard to deliberate, hard to see, and hard to understand.

"Those who value the fixed view view": Constructed, fixed view, contrived, and
shared views, and then acting after paying attention. Seeing as the flag, seeing
as the tower, seeing as an increase, be seen to follow.

"When it is declared that everyone who depends on there is pure": "Whoever
depends on," dependence on the masters, Dhamma, ..., dependence, adherence,
falling into, fixes, and turns his heart towards (it), is the one who depends
on. "There" in one's own view, in one's liking, in one's inclination, in one's
own opinion. "When it is (declared to be) pure" is a pure speaker, a wise
speaker, ....

"The purist is there, he sees like that": "Purist," the purist, the ubiquitous
purist, the clarifier, the ubiquitous purist. Or, the pure seer (of views), the
ubiquitous pure one who sees, one who sees purity, one who sees all whiteness.
"There," in one's own view, .... "True," truthful, .... He sees and understands.

> 146 &middot; The Brāhmaṇa does not come to constructions after consideration,  
He is not a traveler to see (views), nor a relative (kin) of wisdom,  
And after he knew the general opinion of the mundane,  
He watched while others pick it up (grasp).

"Brāhmaṇas do not come to construction after consideration": "No" is negative.
"Brāhmaṇa," .... "Construction," ...(omitted, see previous sections). After
consideration, it is called wisdom, .... "The Brāhmaṇa does not come to the
construction after consideration": After the Brāhmaṇa considers, after knowing,
.... All actions are impermanent... (omitted). He does not come to the
construction of desire or the construction of perception, not to arrive, not to
hold, not to take, not to cling.

"He is not a walker of seeing (views), nor a relative of wisdom": For him, the
sixty-two evil views have been cut off, ..., and he is not carried away, taken
away, ..., does not return to that evil view as the core. "Nor is the kin of
wisdom," not to the eighth grade of wisdom, or the five powers of wisdom,
establish, produce, arise, and produce lustful kinship.

"And after he knows the general opinions of the commonplace": "After knowing,"
.... The general opinion is called the general opinion of sixty-two evil views.
"Common," "general opinions arising from ordinary people" are mundane, or
"general opinions arising from a wide range of people" are mundane.

"He is watching and others are picking up": Others are holding, taking, and
clinging because of their thirst and seeing; the Arahant looks on, does not
hold, does not take, and does not cling.

> 147 &middot; After Muni left the bond here in the world,  
He was not a member of the group in the dispute that has arisen.  
The silent person is calm among the non-silent people,  
And the person who does not pick up when others pick up.

"Muni left the bond here in the world": "Bond," there are four types of binding:
...(omitted, see previous sections). "Muni," Muni is called wisdom, that is
wisdom, understanding... (omitted), no delusion, Dhamma, right view, possessing
Muni wisdom, Muni. There are three kinds of Muni (perfect virtues): body Muni,
language Muni, and intention Muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the Muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the body is the Muni position; the knowledge of the body is the Muni
position; walking the Path with (higher) knowledge is the body of Muni; the
abandonment of desire and greed, cut off, as the Muni; the fourth jhāna
extinction of the body is the position of Muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds of
language is the position of Muni; the four kinds of good acts of language are
the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni;
the knowledge of language is the position of Muni; and knowing the path of all
acts is the position of Muni; the abandonment of desire and greed of language is
the position of Muni; the second jhāna cessation of language is the position of
language Muni.

What is intention Muni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are
the Muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the mind-object is the Muni position; the knowledge of the heart is
the Muni position; the one that walks the Path with knowledge is the position of
Muni; the desire and greed of the heart being judged is the position of Muni;
the desire to perish the mind is the position of Muni.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.  
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil."

The six types of Muni have these three modes of Muni: Muni at home, Muni without
a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni, Muni (of the)
Muni. Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footsteps and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those bhikkhus
who have seen the footsteps and who have learned the precepts are homeless Muni.
There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning
Muni, and Bhikkhu Buddha as Bhikkhu Muni. Muni (of) Muni is called Tathāgata,
Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-wise is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,  
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.  
Avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,  
Everyone who understands the (inner and outer sum) in the world,  
Because that is said to be Muni.  
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world,  
The unwholesome and the good behind the Dhamma,  
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man,  
Beyond staining and the net, he is Muni."

"Here," ....

"Not entering the group in the disputes that have arisen": In the disputes that
have arisen, have been born, have appeared, those who should not walk in the
desires, and those who are agitated should not walk among those, those who are
horrible should not behave, those who should not be idiotic, should not behave
if they don't want to, they should not behave if they don't take anger, they
should not behave if they are not afraid, a foolish person should not act, not
because of greed, not because of aversion, not because of ignorance, not because
of conceit, not because of seeing, not because of debauchery, and not because of
doubt, do not leave because of the potential trend of troubles, and will not be
driven, guided, carried, or conquered by discord and dhamma debate.

"The silent one is peaceful among the non-silent": "The silent one,"
...(omitted, see previous sections). "Among those who are not silent," in those
who are not silent, in those who are not still, in those who are not
extinguishing, in those who are not cooling, in those who are not resting. "He
is calm," the Arahant possesses six peaces: after seeing the form with his eyes,
he is neither happy nor sad but living in peace, with thoughts and righteous
knowledge; after hearing the sound with his ears...(omitted); at death: he is
the one who has been well-tamed (the Silent One).

"Those who don't pick up, while others pick up": Other people hold, ...because
of their thirst and seeing, and the Arahant looks on, ....

> 148 &middot; After abandoning previous troubles, not making new ones,  
Those who do not reach desire or obsession (dogmatism),  
He is a wise man who has freed himself from evil opinions,  
And does not contaminate or reprimand himself in the world.

"Abandon the previous troubles and do not make new ones": The previous troubles
are called the past sensation, perception, and consciousness. Regarding the past
actions that can cause pollution, those pollutions that can cause pollution,
after abandoning, after giving up, after giving up forever, after driving away,
after making the end, and making it go to non-existence. "Not make new ones,"
the new is called the present form of sensation, perception, and consciousness.
Action is the non-creator of desire, the non-creator of love, and the
non-creator of greed; those which are not allowed to be born, not to be
produced, not to arise, and not to be born.

"Neither the one who reaches desire nor the obsessed": He who doesn't go because
of want, ...(omitted). "Nor the obsessed (dogmatic)," non-"The world is
constant, this is true, ...(omitted)."

"He is a wise man who has freed himself from evil views": For him, the sixty-two
evil views have been cut off, .... The insight is free from bondage, and he
lives with an unrestrained heart. "The wise man," ....

"To not contaminate yourself in the world, and not rebuke yourself": "Adhesion,"
There are two kinds of adhesion: .... For him, the adhesion of thirsting has
been cut off, ..., is not contaminated in the world of suffering, is not
contaminated in the world of humans, is not contaminated in the world of heaven,
is not contaminated in the world of aggregates, is not contaminated in the world
of world, and is not contaminated in the world of places; not strongly
contaminated, not closely contaminated, no longer contaminated, no longer
contaminated strongly, no longer contaminated closely. He has left, has
departed, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he dwelt with an
unrestrained heart.

"To not rebuke yourself," rebuke yourself for two reasons: ...(omitted, see
previous sections). Those who do not create, do not make it born, do not be
produced, do not arise, do not rebuke themselves.

> 149 &middot; He is a person who has left the legion in all dhammas:  
Everything seen or heard,  
The Muni's burden has been relieved and he does not come to construction,  
Does not stop, and does not have desire.  
[Like this, the Blessed One (said).]

"He is the one who has left the legion in all dhammas: whatever he sees or hears
and perceives": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"The burden of that Muni has been relieved and liberated": "Burden," there are
three kinds of burdens: the burden of the aggregate, the burden of pollution,
and the burden of creation. What is the burden of the aggregate? The resulting
form, feeling, thought, behavior, and consciousness, this is the burden of
aggregates. What is the burden of pollution? Greed, hatred, ignorance...
(omitted), all unwholesome actions are the burden of pollution. What is the
burden of creation? Blessing, non-blessing, immobility, this is the burden of
creation. Because the burden of the aggregate, the burden of pollution, and the
burden of creation are cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm
tree without roots, it becomes a non-existent thing, a non-living thing in the
future, it is called the burden being discharged, the burden has fallen, the
burden has been removed, the burden has completely fallen, the burden has been
lowered, and the burden has ceased.

"Muni," ....

"Freed," Muni's mind has been freed from greed, liberated, and freed by
kindness; the heart has been freed from anger..., the mind has been freed from
delusion..., (omitted) the mind is freed from all bad practices, kindness and
relief.

"The one who does not construct, the one who does not stop, the one who does not
hope [Like this, the Blessed One (said)]": "Construction," there are two kinds
of construction: .... "The one who does not stop," all ignorant ordinary people,
they are infected, the good ordinary people, including the seven kinds of
learning, which should be obtained but not, those which should have been reached
but not, they should testify but those who have not testified stay away,
abstain, and avoid. The Arahant has been separated, has abstained, has given up,
has left, has departed, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, and
he lives with an unrestrained heart. "Those who do not wish," wishing is called
thirst, it is greed, lust, acquiescence, conformity, joy, liking, wanting,
desire, fascination, taking, great greed, being tied, sludge, disturbance,
hypocrisy, (reincarnation) root cause, (bitter) fertility, tailoring (craving),
net, river, bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companion, wishing, channel
of existence, desire forest (jungle), intimacy, love, anticipation,
relationship, aspiration, aspiration state, desire for form, for sound, smell,
taste, touch, desire to obtain, desires of man (wealth), desire for a son,
desire to live, state of desire, prayer, greed, greedy appearance, possesses the
state of greed, inquiries (for profits), desire for proficiency, illegal greed,
improper greed, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire for desire, desire for
being, desire for nothingness, formed thirst, formless thirst, extinction
thirst, form thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst,
dhamma thirst, torrent, harness, binding, clinging, obstacles, covering,
bondage, along with defilements, potential troubles, entanglement, vines,
stinginess, suffering roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering,
demon's net, demon's hook, demon's food (bait), demon's realm, demon's
residence, demon's binding, the river of thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of
thirst, the sea of thirst, craving, greed, and the root of unwholesomeness. For
him who desires, cravings are cut off, ..., he is called the undesiring.

"Blessed One," is synonymous with respect. In addition, "destroyed greed" is the
Blessed One; "destroyed wicked" is the Blessed One; "destroyed ignorance" is the
Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the conceit" is the Blessed One; "the
one who has destroyed the sight" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed
the thorns" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the pollutants" is
the Blessed One; "the one who is ended" is the Blessed One; "the one who has
practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed One;
or "the Blessed One is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings
(sitting places): low sound, quiet, away from the human atmosphere, who lives
alone, and is suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One
is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the sick, and
medical necessities; or "the Blessed One is the one who has the taste of
righteousness, the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the precepts, the
mind, and the wisdom" is the World Blessed One; or "the Blessed One is the one
with four kinds of jhāna, four immeasurables, four formlessness, etc.; or "the
Blessed One is the Participant of the Eight Liberations, the Eight Victory
Places, and the Ninth Dwelling Places, etc.;" the one who is purely divided is
the Blessed One; or "the Blessed One is the one who divides the four
mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four bases, the five roots, the five
powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy
path." The Blessed One is the one who has ten Tathāgata strength, four
fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six magical powers, and six
enlightenment methods." The Blessed One is the Blessed One. "The Blessed One,"
this name is not given (made) by the mother; not given by the father; not given
by brothers; not by sisters; not by friends; not by relatives; not by Samaṇas or
Brāhmaṇas; not by heaven. This is ultimate liberation; to Buddha, the World
Honored person, and under the Bodhi tree together with all the knowledge and
wisdom gained and testimony, that is, the Blessed One. For the non-constructor,
the non-stop, the non-seeking. [Like this the Blessed One (said)].

\newpage
