### 14. Quick Instructions

150. Kin of the Sun! I ask you (about) the realm of far away and silence, great
     rishi!
How after seeing does the bhikkhu reach Nibbāna and become one who has no
    clinging in the world?

"Kin of the Sun! I ask you": "Inquiry," there are three kinds of inquiries:
inquiry about the explanation of the unseen, inquiry about the confluence of the
seen, and inquiry about the cut-off of doubt.

What is an inquiry about the unseen? It was an unknown, unseen, unmeasured,
unjudged, unclear characteristic, for the purpose of his wisdom, seeing,
measuring, judging, clear, he asked a question, which was an inquiry about the
unseen.

What is an inquiry about the confluence of the seen? A characteristic that
was known, seen, measured, judged, clear, and understood. He asked questions for
the purpose of confluence with other wise men. This is an inquiry of confluence
of the seen.

What is an inquiry for the cutting off of doubt? A leap-into skeptic, jump-in
doubter, and born doubter: "Is that so? Isn't it true? What is it then? How is
it?" He asks questions for the purpose of severance of doubt. This is an inquiry
for the severance of doubt.

The next three kinds of inquiry: human inquiry, non-human inquiry, and inquiry
of the created (nimmitapucchā).

What is a human inquiry? People asked questions after they went to see the
Buddha, the World-Honored One: bhikkhus, upāsakas, upāsikās, kings, khattiya,
brāhmaṇas, vessas, suddas, lay people, monastics, this is a human inquiry.

What is an inhuman inquiry? The non-people asked questions after they went to
see the Buddha, Blessed One: the dragons, golden-winged birds, Yakkhas, Asuras,
Gandhabba, kings, Indra, Brahmas, devas, this is an inhuman inquiry.

What is the inquiry of the created? All the physical bodies and limbs of the
Blessed One's mind-made forms draw near and ask questions after seeing the
Blessed One, and the Blessed One answers him; this is a "created" inquiry.

The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry for one's own benefit, inquiry for the
benefit of others, and inquiry for the benefit of both. The next three:
inquiries about current interests, inquiries about future interests, and
inquiries about the highest interests. The next three: inquiry for the benefit
of no faults, inquiry for the benefit of no pollution, and inquiry for the pure
benefit. The next three: (about) past queries, future queries, and current
queries. The next three: (about) inquiries within oneself, inquiries outside
oneself, and inquiries within and outside oneself. The next three: (about) good
merit, demerit, and the undesignated (abyākatapucchā) The next three: (about)
masses, relics, and institutions. The next three: about mindfulness, about
diligence, about spiritual content. The next three: about the root, the
strength, and the enlightenment. The next three: about the Path, the Fruit, and
Nibbāna.

"Sun kinsman! I ask you": I ask you; I beg you; make me clear; please tell
me. "Sun tribe," Sun (ādicco) Is called the sun (sūriyo), the sun is
surnamed Gotama, the Blessed One is also surnamed Gotama, the Blessed One is a
relative of the sun surname, a relative of the surname of the sun, so the Buddha
is a member of the sun tribe.

"Far away and quiet, great rishi": "Far away," there are three types of
distance: ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"The great rishi," the great rishi is the Blessed One, and the "seekers, and
pursuers of the Great Precepts" are the great rishis. ...of the great
concentration..., ...of the great liberation aggregate..., "the seeker and
pursuer of the Great Liberation of Wisdom and Insight" is the great rishi; the
fragments gathered by the dark..., the destruction of the great upside down...,
the pulling out of the big arrow of thirst..., the unraveling of the
accumulation of sight..., the lifting of the big conceit flag, ...the calming of
the great work..., the calming of the big storm..., the laying down of the heavy
burden..., the severance of the cycle of the great reincarnation..., the
disappearance of the great heat..., the cessation of the great heat..., "the
seeker and the pursuer who lifts the flag of Dhamma in his heart" become the
great rishi; the great minds..., the great exertion..., the great gods..., the
great roots..., the power..., the great enlightenment branches..., the big eight
branches of the holy path..., "the immortality of the great supreme benefit, the
seeker of Nibbāna, the pursuer" is great rishi; "Sought, pursued, and searched
for by powerful beings: Where is the Buddha? Where is the Blessed One? Where is
the god among the gods? Where is the bull king among people?"

"How after seeing does the bhikkhu reach Nibbāna": How to extinguish one's
greed (to reach Nibbāna) after seeing, after measuring, after weighing, after
judging, after separating, after clarifying, to extinguish one's anger, to
extinguish one's ignorance... (omitted, see previous sections), ...all
unwholesome deeds, to annihilate it, calm it, quiet it, calm it down, and stop
it. "Bhikkhu," a bhikkhu, a virtuous bhikkhu, or a learned bhikkhu.

"Become the one who has no clinging in the world": From the four kinds of works,
to become the one who does not take, the one who does not hold, the one who does
not cling, the one who does not cling to. "In the world," in the world of
suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates,
the world of realms, the world of existence. "Any," any form, feeling, thinking,
behavior, consciousness.

151. [Like this the Blessed One (said):] The root of the false name: after
     consideration, all (thoughts of) "I am" should be stopped,
Any cravings within oneself, one should always learn mindfully for their
    adjustment.

"[Like this the Blessed One (said):] The root of the false name: after
consideration, we should stop all (thoughts of) 'I am'": Fantasy is the name of
vain (concept/cognition): the false name of thirsty love, the name of false
sight. What is the root of the illusory name of craving for love? Ignorance is
the root; not as the root of reason; the root of conceit; without shame as the
root; being ashamed as the root; falling as the root, this is the falsehood root
of craving of the name. What is the root of the false name of seeing? Ignorance
is the root....

"Blessed One," ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"After consideration, you should stop all 'I am'": After consideration, it is
called wisdom, .... "I am," about form, "I am," there is a latent trend of
troubles such as conceit "I am" and desire "I am," about feeling..., about
thinking..., about behavior..., about consciousness "I am," conceit "I am" and
desire potential trend of the troubles of "I am." "[Like this Blessed One
(saying):] The root of the false name: after consideration, everything 'I am'
should be stopped": After consideration, it should be prevented, stopped,
eliminated, calmed, extinguished, stop the conceit of the root of all false
names and "I am."

"Any thirst within oneself": "Anything," .... "Thirst," The craving for form....
"In oneself," Waiting for that craving in oneself. Or, inside oneself is called
the heart: the heart, mind, heart (dirty), white (purified), intent, mind
location, mind root, consciousness, consciousness accumulation, corresponding to
the consciousness realm, the mind is coexistent, coexistent, and intermingled by
that craving, correspondence, co-existence, co-extinction, the same place of
dependence, and the same object.

"For those adjustments, we should always learn it with mindfulness": "Always,"
.... "Mindful (of)," ....

"Learning," there are three kinds of learning: ....

"For those who want to adjust, he should always learn mindfully": For those who
want to tune, eliminate, let go, calm down, cut off, and stop, he should learn
to increase precepts, ... These three learnings should be learned when heading
towards ....

152. Anyone who can prove and know the Dhamma, whether inside or outside of
     himself,
should not have fortitude (stubbornness) because of that, because that is not
    said to be silence by the righteous.

"Anyone who can prove the knowledge of the Dhamma within himself": Any one of
his own virtues, he can know whether it is good or unrecognized. What is his own
merit? They may be a bhikkhu from a noble family, or may be a bhikkhu from a
wealthy family, or a bhikkhu from a very wealthy family, or may be a famous
person in the same household as the bhikkhu, or it may be in clothes, food,
shelter, patients necessities and medical necessities; may be a scribe, or a
speaker, ...(omitted, see previous sections), this is called his own merit.
Whatever his own virtues, he can know, be able to understand. "Or externally":
Those who are pro-teacher, or the merit of the teacher.

"You should not come to fortitude because of that": You should not have
fortitude, stubbornness, arrogance, pride, and conceit based on your own merits
or the merits of others. Pride should not be produced because of that. That way,
you become a rigid, very rigid, head-raised person.

"Because the righteous do not say that is silence": To the good (satānaṃ), to
the good (santānaṃ), to the good (sappurisānaṃ), to the Buddha, to the disciples
of the Buddha, and to the Bhikkhu Buddha, that this is silence is not said, not
explained, ....

153. One should not be considered (by oneself) a winner, inferior or equivalent
     because of that,
Being touched by more than one form, one should not keep his own classification.

"Should not be considered a winner because of that": Should not, by birth,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Or the inferior or the equivalent": ....

"To be touched (contacted) by more than one form": To be touched by various
forms, tortured, combined, possessed.

"He should not maintain a classification of himself": He is called me. He
should not keep constructing, classifying, and arrogantly distinguishing 'me'
(himself).

154. There should be silence only within oneself, bhikkhus should not seek silence
     from others,
The person silent within himself, what does he take up and what does he refuse?

"Only within oneself, should one be quiet": The greed in oneself should be
calmed; anger should be calmed; ..., quieted, calmed, silenced, and ceased.

"Bhikkhus should not seek silence from other things": From other things, with
impure ways, evil ways, and non-departures, except for the mindfulness, except
for the righteousness, ..., one should not seek silence, quiet, peace,
extinction, and cessation.

"The Silent One in Oneself": The one who silences desires within oneself; the
one who silences aversion; ....

"There is no rejection up and no taking up": The "no" is negative. The "taken"
is for oneself, but he doesn't hold these, and "reject" is those that should be
released, he doesn't reject. Anything that should be held, there is something
that should be released (; that which should be released, there are those that
should be held). For him, it is a transcendence of grasping and releasing. The
Arahant has surpassed growth and retreat, has practiced..., the cycle of life
and death, without his rebirth.

155. As in the middle of the sea, it is stable without waves being produced.
Those who live and are not disturbed like this, that bhikkhu will not cause
    increase no matter where it is.

"As in the middle of the sea, it is stable without waves being produced." The
ocean is high and deep for eighty-four thousand yojanas. The water below
forty-thousand yojanas, is swayed by fish and turtles, and the water above
forty-thousand yojanas is swayed by wind, and in the middle of forty-thousand
yojanas, the water of does not shake, shake strongly, does not move, does not
tremble, does not tremor, does not tremble much, not passive, not stirred, not
waved, not swinging, not rotated, ts calmed down; where no waves are generated,
it is a stable sea.

Or, in the middle of the seven mountains, there is a sea, were the water does
not shake, ....

"Like this, one who lives and is not disturbed": "Like this" is a metaphorical
arrangement. "The one who lives (stable)," He does not shake when he gets it; he
does not shake when he does not get it; he does not shake when he is famous; he
does not shake when there is no reputation; he does not shake when praised; he
does not shake when reprimanded; he does not shake when he is happy; when he is
suffering he does not shake, does not shake strongly, .... "The one who is not
disturbed," disturbance is called thirst, that is greed, ... For him who is
disturbed, craving is cut off, ..., he is called the undisturbed. The
undisturbed state is regarded as the undisturbed. He does not shake when he gets
it; ....

"Bhikkhus will not increase no matter where they are": In "increasing," there
are seven kinds of increase: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "No matter
where," ....

156. The discerning person (with open eyes) tells of the self-proven method of
     the adjustment of distress,
Master! Please tell me about the Path, Patimokkha, or even concentration.

"The discerning person speaks (of)": "Narrative," telling, explaining, teaching,
informing, establishing, uncovering, analyzing, clarifying, explaining. "The
eye," The five eyes are the clear eyes: the naked eye is the clear eye, the
heavenly eye is also the clear eye, the clear eye is also the clear eye, the
Buddha's eye is also the clear eye, and all eyes are also the clear eye.

How does the Blessed One regard the naked eye as "having eyes?" There are five
colors in the eyes of the Blessed One: cyan, yellow, red, black, and white. The
(Blessed One's) eye hairs are blue, extremely blue, correct, beautiful, and
equivalent to flax, and the others are yellow, extremely yellow, golden, and
correct, beautiful, the equal of the flower of the bayur tree. The two eyes of
the Blessed One are red, extremely red, straight, beautiful, red as the insects
that come from the ground after the rain, and in the middle are black, extremely
black, not coarse, smooth, straight, beautiful, and moist. The outers are white,
extremely white, white, yellow-white, pleasing, beautiful, and equivalent to the
Osadhī star. With the naked eyes of the Blessed One which belonged to him
naturally having been born of previous good kamma, he sees everything in day and
night, when there are four branches of darkness: sunset, moonless night,
darkness of the heavy forest, the darkness of heavy clouds. Like this, when
there is the darkness of the four branches, he also sees everything in day and
night. There are no walls, or shutters, or fences, or mountains, or bushes, or
groves, which are obstacles to his vision of form. If a sesame is marked and put
into a cart full of sesame, he can select that sesame. In this way, the Blessed
One's natural naked eye is pure, and the Blessed One regards the naked eye as an
eye.

How does the Blessed One regard the Sky Eye as "the one with eyes?" With a pure
and transcendent celestial eye, the Blessed One sees that when all beings die
and pass away, they are inferior, triumphant, beautiful, ugly, fortunate, and
unfortunate, knowing that all beings flow according to their kamma: "These
beings and monarchs have body, evil, behavior, evil deeds, deeds of intention
and evil, rebuke the saints, wrong views and kamma of holding wrong views, they
have passed away after death to the suffering realm, evil interest, lower realm,
hell; or these beings, who have good deeds of body, good deeds of speech, do
good intentions, do not condemn the saints, and uphold the right view of the
kamma, they have passed away to the world of goodness and heaven after death by
disintegrating their bodies." In this way, with a pure and transcendent
celestial eye, he saw that when all beings died and passed away, in the
inferiority, victory, beauty, ugliness, fortune, and misfortune, he knew the
flow of all beings according to kamma. When he wants, the Blessed One can see
one world, two worlds, three worlds, four worlds, five worlds, and ten worlds.
Also, 20 world realms, 30 world realms, 40..., 50..., 100, these thousand small
worlds, two thousand middle world realms, as well as these three hundred
thousand great world realms [AN.3.81]. If he wants to, he can see it. In this
way, the Blessed One's heavenly eyes are all pure, and the Blessed One regards
the heavenly eyes as having eyes.

How does the Blessed One regard the wise eyes as the one with eyes? The Blessed
One is the great wisdom, broad wisdom, quick wisdom, sharp wisdom, piercing
wisdom, advising wisdom: those who are skillful, those who have developed
wisdom, those who have proved that they have reached the unimpeded, those who
have reached the four fearless ones, those who possess ten powers, those who are
like cows, those who are like lions, those who can have great wealth, those with
boundless wisdom, those with boundless brilliance, those with boundless fame,
the rich, the wealthy, the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the informer,
the one who makes it seen, the one who makes it visible, the one who makes it
clear, The Blessed One is indeed the founder of the unborn Path, the producer of
the unborn Path, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the Path, the
knower of the path, and, (His) disciples now live in the Path's accompaniment,
and will be the possessors in the future.

The Blessed One is indeed the knower and seer, who knows and sees; he is the one
who is born with eyes, born with wisdom, born with Dhamma, and born with Brahma;
he is an interpreter and promoter of righteousness, the immortal giver, Dhamma
King, Tathāgata; there is nothing that the Blessed One did not know, did not
see, did not testify (prove), did not touch with wisdom; the past, the future,
and the present came to the Buddha and the Buddha with all the deeds in the
field of wisdom, anyone with any name that should be guided to reason can know:
one's own righteousness or others' righteousness or both, or the righteousness
of the current life or the righteousness of the next life or both, or deep or
hidden, or should be guided to infer, or have been guided to determine, or no
fault or pollution, or clear or supreme interest, everything revolves in the
Buddha's wisdom.

All body kamma is transferred in the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One;
all language kamma...; all mental kamma...; the wisdom of the Buddha and the
Blessed One about the past is barrier-free; ..future...; ...present...; all that
should be guided to infer is the reach of wisdom; all wisdom is guided to be
inferred, and all that should be guided to be inferred is the ultimate wisdom;
the ultimate wisdom is what is guided to be deduced, and there is no wisdom
beyond what is guided to be deduced; there is no way to transcend the wisdom
that is guided and deduced. These dhammas live in mutual restriction, such as
two boxes, where the covers are completely in contact; the lower cover does not
go over the upper one, and the upper cover does not go over the lower one;
restricted to each other. (Similarly, ) All that should be guided.. (omitted);
these dhammas live in mutual restriction.

The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred in all the Dhamma,
all the Dhamma is the Buddha, the Blessed One's turning is to belong, the hope
is to belong, the intention is to belong, the mind is to arise, the wisdom of
the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred to all living beings, the Blessed
One knows the intentions of all living beings, knows the potential tendency of
troubles, ...the behavior, ...solution, about the less dusty, the more dusty;
the rooted, the dull rooted, the good deeds, the evil deeds, and the
teachability and unteachability of beings; capable and incapable sentient
beings, including the world of heaven, demons, and Brahman; generations of
Samaṇa, Brahman, heaven, and man all revolve in the wisdom of Buddha.

If any fish, turtles, and even the big fish swallowing boats revolve in the sea,
the same, including the world of heaven, the world of demons, and the world of
Brahman; the generations including Samaṇa, brahman, heaven and man are all in
the Buddha Wisdom turned around. Such as any bird and even the gold-winged birds
were turning around in the field of space. In the same way, those who possess
the same wisdom as Sāriputta also revolve in the field of Buddha wisdom. The
wisdom of the Buddha is pervasive and transcends heaven and human.

Those wise khattiya, wise Brahmins, wise homeowners, wise Samaṇa, smart
dissidents, sharp breakers who want to do evil views with a wise attitude, they
prepare problems to be seen later; they saw the Tathāgata and asked about the
what is hidden and secret. Those questions were discussed and answered by the
Blessed One with reasons, but they abandoned those nearby and became the
(disciples) of the Blessed One. At that time, the Blessed One was there, shining
with wisdom. In this way, the Blessed One regards the insight as an eye.

How is it that the Buddha's eyes are "the one who as eyes?" When the Blessed One
observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with less dust and
more dust; those with roots and blunt roots; ...good deeds and evil deeds;
...easy to teach and difficult to teach; some of the sins and terrors of the
other worlds, others who do not live in seeing sin and terror in other worlds.
Just like in the green lotus pond, red lotus pond, and white lotus pond, some
green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water, rest on the surface
of the water, sink and grow underwater; some ...are born in the water and grow
in the water, and live on the same height (as the surface); some ...rise above
the water and live and dwell without being stained by water. Similarly, when the
Blessed One observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with
less dust and more dust; ... [DN.14, paragraph 69]. The Blessed One knows: "This
person is a greedy person, this person is an abusive person, this person is a
foolish person, this person is a pathfinder, this person is a believer, and this
person is a wise person." The Blessed One speaks to the greedy people. The
Blessed One informs those who hate walkers of the practice of compassion. The
Blessed One makes them settled in recitation, questioning, hearing of the Dhamma
at the right time, discussion of the Dhamma at the time, and co-living with
teachers. The Blessed One informs the person who seeks the path. The Blessed One
tells those who believe in confidence: the good sense of Buddha, the good nature
of the Dhamma, the good practice of the Saṅgha and his precepts. The Blessed One
teaches Vipassanā to those who are wise practitioners: impermanence, suffering,
and non-self.

"If you stand on the top of a rocky mountain, you can see all the people,
Similarly, those who are virtuous and all-eyed climbed up the tall building of Dhamma,
Those who are gone away, looking at people who are in sorrow, conquered by birth and old age.
Please get up! Heroes! Victors on the battlefield! Caravan leaders, debt-free
    people walk in the world,
Blessed One! Please teach the Dhamma! There will be knowers." [DN.14, paragraph 69]

How does the Blessed One regard all eyes as having eyes? All eyes are called the
state all knowing wisdom. The Blessed One arrives (has), fully arrives (has),
enters, fully enters, has enough, has all the state wisdom of knowing.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there is no knowledge
    that cannot be known,
He proves that everything that exists should be guided by inference, because the
    Tathāgata is like that for all eyes." [Ps.1, paragraph 121]

"The self-evidenced method of distress adjustment": "Self-evidence method," not
from rumors, ...(omitted, see previous sections). "The adjustment of distress"
and "distress". There are two kinds of dangers (distresses): ...(omitted, see
previous sections).

"Distress (danger)," ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Modulation of distress," modulation of distress, surrender of distress, death
of distress, giving up of distress, cessation of distress, immortality, and
Nibbāna.

"Master! Please tell me the path": "Please tell me the path," Correct path,
following path, ...(omitted, see previous sections), the path leading to
Nibbāna, please tell, please explain, .... "Master," that person calls the
Blessed One. Or, whoever explains, teaches, ..., of the excellent, auspicious,
good, and without fault that should be practiced.

"Patimokkha or even concentration": "Patimokkha" is the foundation of
abstinence, the (self) inhibition of behavior, entrance to self-control, and so
on, the foremost attainment of good dhamma. "Or even concentration," that is the
mind's cessation, stability, stability, undistracted, stable mind, samatha
(stop), fixed root, steady force, concentration.

157. Do not become unstable (unsettled) with your eyes, your ears should be
     isolated from the village theory (talk).
One should not be greedy in taste, and should not take any any (things) in the
    world as one's own.

"Do not become unstable with your eyes": What is a person with unstable eyes?
Here, there is a category of people who have eye restlessness: "Those that
should be seen become unseen, and those that should be unseen become seen." From
gardens to gardens, from villages to villages, from towns to towns, from cities
to cities, from countries to countries, from localities to localities, he did so
(wandered) in order to see long and irregular parades (processions). Those who
engage in this, such are those with restless eyes.

Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor at home, a walker on the street, he walks
unprotected: he looks at the elephant, the horse, the cart, the infantry, the
boy, the boy and girl as he walks. Watching women, watching men, watching the
market, watching the door of the house, watching the top, watching the bottom,
and watching in all directions, this is also restless.

Or, after the bhikkhu sees a form with his eyes, he becomes a grasper of
appearance and a grasper of subtle appearance, because when he stays at the root
of his eyes, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in. He does not act according to
his self-control. If you don't protect the roots of the eyes, and do not achieve
self-control [SN.35.120] on the roots of the eyes, this is also restless with
your eyes.

Or if some Samaṇa and Brahmin masters received food offered by faith, they lived
in performances and watched like this: dancing, singing, music, drama, speaking
about ancient times, handbells, cymbals, drums, magic, iron balls, bamboo stick
play, stunts, elephant fighting, horse fighting, buffalo fighting, bull
fighting, goat fighting, ram fighting, rooster fighting, quail fighting, club
fighting, fist fighting, wrestling, exercises, drills, army formations, military
parade [DN.1, paragraph 13], etc., who are engaged in watching various
performances like this, which is also restlessness.

How can you not be a restless person? Here, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to his
home and a walker in the street, he walks in a protective manner: he does not
look at the elephant, the horse, .... This is not a restless person.

Or, after the bhikkhu sees the form with his eyes, he does not become a grasper
of the form or a grasper of the subtle form, because when he stays at the root
of the eye, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in, and he will act according to
his self-control, protect the roots of the eyes, and achieve self-control on the
roots of the eyes, so that it is not a person who is unstable.

Or, after some Samaṇa and Brahmin masters received the food offered by faith,
they lived in those who did not perform and watch like this, that is: dance,
singing, ....The avoider of performance watching is a not-restless person.

"Do not become unstable with the eye": He should let go of the unstable state
of the eye, he should drive it away, it should end, and it should go to
non-existence. It should be separated from the unstable state of the eye,
abstained, absolute, quit, renunciation, departed, liberation, unbound, he
should live with the heart of renunciation and restraint.

"Ears should be isolated from the village theory": Village conversations are
called thirty-two animal theory, namely: king theory, thieves theory, minister
theory, army theory, fear theory, war theory, food theory, drink theory,
clothing theory, bedding theory, garland theory, odor theory, affinity theory,
village theory, town theory, city theory, land theory, woman theory, (man
theory,) hero theory, street theory, water well theory, ancestral spirit theory,
various theories, world origin theory, ocean origin theory, if there is no
matter [DN.1, paragraph 17], etc. "The ear should be isolated from the village
theory": The ear should be isolated from the village theory, it should be
prevented, it should be self-controlled, it should be guarded, it should be
protected, it should be closed, it should be cut off.

"You should not be greedy in taste": "In taste," there are root, ...(omitted,
see previous sections).

"And you shouldn't take any (thing) in the world as your own": There are two
kinds of self-attachment: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Any (thing),"
any form, feeling, thinking, behavior, knowledge, and the like. "In the world,"
....

158. When being touched (contacted), the bhikkhu should not cry no matter where,
He should not pray for existence, and should not tremble in fear.

"When being touched": "touch," contact with disease. To be touched, tortured,
combined, possessed by contact with disease; ...with eye disease..., ...ear
disease..., ...(omitted, see previous sections), wind, sun, and snake.

"Bhikkhus should not be weeping wherever they are": It should not be done,
should not be produced, should not be caused to arise, should not be caused to
give birth to, a state of lament, weeping, crying, sorrow, lamentation, speech,
unhelpful words, muttering, weeping. "Wherever," ....

"Should not pray for existence": There should not be desire for existence;
there should be no desire for form; there should not be hope for formlessness,
he should not hope; he should not pray for existence.

"And you shouldn't tremble a lot in fear": "The one who is afraid," the one who
is terrified in one aspect is the one who is afraid. This was said by the
Blessed One: "If it is impossible to abandon the terror and fear, what if it
comes?" The external objects are said to be lions, tigers, leopards, bears,
dogs, wolves, bison, horses, elephants, snakes, scorpion, centipede, or thieves
or gangsters who do bad things or are ready to do bad things. Or the horror of
other behaviors is called the horror of waiting for the heart, the stiff state
of horror, the horror of the body, the horror of the heart: the horror of life,
the horror of old age, the horror of sickness, the horror of death, the horror
of the king, the terror of thieves, the terror of fire, the terror of water, the
terror of self-reprimand, the terror of others, the terror of sticks, the terror
of horror, the terror of waves, the terror of dragons, the terror of whirlpools,
the terror of crocodiles [AN.4.122], the horror of livelihood, the horror of
dishonesty, the horror of cowardice in the group, the horror of intoxication,
the horror of horror of evil, the stiff state of horror, the erection of body
hair, the fear of fear of the heart. "And you shouldn't tremble greatly in
fear": After seeing or hearing the (object of) fear, you should not tremble,
..., you should not be afraid, should not come to fear, should be not timid, not
frightened, not fleeing, should live in having disconnected the fear of fear,
leaving the state of hair erected (standing on end).

159. For (soft) food, drinks, hard food, clothes,
These should not be stored after obtaining, and one should not shudder when not
    getting them.

"For food, drinks, hard food and clothes": "For food," rice, porridge, noodles,
fish, and meat. "For drinks," there are eight kinds of beverages: mango juice,
Jambolana juice, banana juice, plantain juice, honey juice, grape juice, lotus
root juice, lovi-lovi juice. The next eight kinds of beverages: Kosambī juice
(it is unclear what this means, since Kosambī is a city name), date juice,
jujube juice, ghee beverage, (sesame, etc.) oil beverage, milk beverage, (cool)
porridge beverage, (vegetable, etc.) juice beverage. "Hard food," hard food made
of powder, biscuit hard food, root hard food, leather material (type) hard, leaf
hard food, flower hard food, fruit hard food. "Clothes," there are six types of
clothes: linen, cotton, silk, sweater, burlap, and hemp.

"After you get it, you should not store (hoard) it": "After you get it," After
you get it, after you obtain it, after you acquire it, after you have it, after
you receive it: no tricks, no talk, no hint, no sarcasm, no profit nourishment
in exchange for other benefits, don't use wood to give things, don't use bamboo
to donate things, don't use leaves to donate things, don't use flowers to donate
things, don't use bathing cloths to donate things, don't use washing powder to
donate things, don't use clay to donate things, don't give things with teeth,
don't give things with cleansing water, don't use flattery, don't talk with
words, don't slander, don't use homesteading, don't use animal life, don't use
astrology, don't be an envoy, don't send an envoy, don't run errands, not using
medical treatment, not building a new job, not giving food or food in return,
and not giving anything by giving, he is righteous with the dhamma, after
getting, ..., after receiving. "Should not be stored," storage of food, storage
of beverages, storage of clothes, storage of carts, storage of bedding, storage
of spices, the storage of property, should not be, should not be produced, ...,
should not be caused to arise.

"And you should not tremble when you don't get those": "I didn't get food, or I
didn't get drinks, ...(omitted, see previous sections)," he should not come to
fear: "I am a non-famous person." Should be a person who is not timid, not
frightened....

160. Become a meditator rather than a wanderer; one should stop regretting and
     should not let go,
And in the seat and sleeping area, the bhikkhu should live in a quiet place.

"Become a meditator rather than a wanderer": "Meditator," Become a meditator
with the first jhāna, and also with the second jhāna as a meditator, and the
third..., and the fourth..., also become meditators with seeking and serving
meditations, also become meditators with no-seeking only serving meditations,
they also become meditators with happiness meditation, and they also become
meditations with unhappy meditation. The meditator also becomes a meditator with
walking meditation with joy, and a meditation with walking meditation with
mindfulness, a meditation with walking meditation with chanting, and a
meditation with walking meditation with peace. He also becomes a meditator with
emptiness meditation, a meditator with non-phase meditation, a meditator with
unwilling meditation, a meditator with mundane meditation, and a meditator with
transcendental meditation. He is a jhāna lover, singular practitioner, and
admirer of the highest interests.

"Not a wanderer," how is one a wanderer? A certain type of people here are
wandering: from gardens to gardens, ...(omitted).

Or a wandering bhikkhu in the bhikkhu's garden, wandering: for no benefit, no
reason, uprooted, quietly walking from the bhikkhu's room to the bhikkhu's room,
from residence to residence, from half-roof house..., from high-rise..., flat
house, cave, hut, pavilion,observation deck, tent, shed, lecture hall, round
house, tree, or where the bhikkhus sit, and he walks there, where the first
becomes the second, or the second position becomes the third position, or the
third position becomes the fourth position. There are a lot of miscellaneous
talks there, namely: the theory (talk) of kings, ...of thieves....

"Not a wanderer," he should abandon the wandering nature, should be driven away,
should end, should make it go to non-existence. He should be separated from
wandering, abstained, ..., he should live with the restrained heart, should
practice, should act, .... He should be a person who is willing to sit alone, a
person who likes to sit alone, a practitioner of inner cessation, a person who
does not despise jhāna, has a viewer, and gains an empty house [MN.32, paragraph
334], a meditator, a jhāna lover, the practitioner of unity, the admirer of the
highest interest.

"Should stop regretting and should not let go": "Regret," ...(omitted, see
previous sections).

"Should not let go (be relaxed)," one should be a respectful actor, a regular
actor, a non-stop actor, one with a habit of not being stuck, a person who does
not neglect his desires, a person who does not neglect responsibility, and a
person who does not let go of good Dhamma. "How can I complete the unfinished
precepts, or can I fund the completed precepts with wisdom?" Where he has
desire, diligence, courage, hard work, fortitude, non-shrinking, mindfulness,
righteous knowledge, enthusiasm, zeal, establishment, practice, and perseverance
in good Dhamma; How can I complete the unfinished concentration..., the
unfinished wisdom accumulation..., liberating accumulation..., liberating wisdom
seeing accumulation..., "How can I perceive the suffering of the unknown, or
abandon the pollution that has not been renounced, or practice the way I have
not practiced, or testify to what I have not testified?" Where he has desire,
diligence, ....

"And in the seat and in the sleeping place, the bhikkhu should live in a quiet
place": "And," the continuation of the sentence.... The place where he sits is
called a seat: ...(omitted, see previous sections). Houses, dwellings, half-roof
houses, tall buildings, flat houses, and caves are called sleeping places.

"The bhikkhu should live in a quiet place," it should be in an atmosphere of low
sound, quiet, ....

161. One should not sleep much, should stay awake and be enthusiastic;
Laziness, deceit, laughter, entertainment, lust, ornamentation, he should give
    up.

"Should not have more sleep": Day and night should be divided into six parts
and the five parts should be towards the path, and one part should be lying
down.

"Should stay awake and become an enthusiastic person": Here, during the
daytime, the bhikkhu cleanses the mind from obstacles by walking and sitting
peacefully. In the first (watch of the) night, by walking and sitting
peacefully, the mind should be purified from obstacles. In the midnight period,
with the right side as a lion lying, put the (left) foot on the (right) foot,
have mindfulness and righteous knowledge, and contemplating. In the later night,
you should walk and sit peacefully to make the mind purified from the dhamma of
obstacles. [SN.35.120]

"Should stay awake," should keep, should keep completely, should obey, should
bend to obey, should be totally obedient, should be directed towards being
awake.

"Enthusiastic," enthusiasm is called vitality, which is the stimulation of the
vitality of the heart, diligence, hard work, courage, fortitude, effort,
persistence, non-relaxation, the state of courage, the state of 'will not give
up,' the state of not neglecting responsibility, support of responsibility,
vitality, root of vitality, power of vitality, positive progress. To reach, to
fully reach, to enter, to fully enter, to be sufficient, to be fully sufficient,
to have this enthusiasm, he is called an enthusiast.

"Laziness, deception, laughter, entertainment, lust, decoration, he should give
up": "Laziness": the lazy person is the state of laziness whose purpose is
laziness, and the heart is realized by laziness (defeated); laziness is laziness
for the purpose of laziness.

"Deception": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Laughing (aloud)": Here, a certain type of people grin excessively. This is
said by the deity: "Bhikkhus! In the dhamma of the noble ones, this is a child,
that is: excessive grinning." [AN.3.108]

"Entertainment," there are two kinds of entertainment: physical entertainment
and verbal entertainment. What is physical entertainment? They played with
elephants, horses, carts, bows, swords and other weapons, octagonal chess,
ten-eye chess, aerial chess, and hopscotch, also play with stone jigsaw, also
with dice board, also with wooden stick, also with hand, also with dice, also
with leaf flute, also with toy hoe, also with somersault, also with toy
windmills, you can also play with toy measuring instruments, cart games, toy
bows and arrows, guessing words, guessing ideas, and imitating flaws [DN.1,
paragraph 14], this is physical entertainment.

What is verbal entertainment? The sound of playing a drum with a mouth, the
sound of a drum being smeared with the mouth, the sound of the felling drum by
the mouth, the sound of a bend of the lips, the playing of a drum with the
mouth, the mouth (imitating) the hollow sound of drums, loud cheers, commotion
at dancers, singing, and joking are verbal entertainment.

The dhamma of lust is the law of lewdness, ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Decoration": There are two kinds of decoration: there are decorations for lay
people and decorations for bhikkhus. What is the decoration of the family? Hair,
beard, wreath, spices, balm, ornaments, accessories, clothes, bedding,
headscarf, massage, rubbing, bathing, mirror, applying eye ointment, wreath
(spices) balm, face powder, face cream, bracelets, ribbon hair accessories,
rods, barrels, swords, parasols, colorful shoes, buns, jewelry, whisks, long and
short white clothes, etc. This is the decoration of the layperson. What is the
decoration of bhikkhus? The decoration of clothes, the decoration of the bowl, the
decoration of the bedding, the decoration of the rotten body or the decoration
of necessities, beautification (solemnity), desire to dress up, good-looking,
greedy state, impetuous state, impetuous and shallow, this is decoration for
bhikkhus.

"Laziness, deceit, laughing, entertainment, lust, ornamentation, he should give
up": Laziness..., ornamentation, with followers, surrounded by people, having
necessities, he should abandon it (all), should be driven away, should end,
should make it go to non-existence.

162. Magic, dreaming, signs, and astrology should not be engaged in;
Beast sounds, pregnancy techniques, medical techniques; believers should not
    engage in these.

"Magic, dream (interpretation), horoscopes, and astrology should not be used":
Magicians are engaged in magic: When the city is under siege or a war arises,
they arouse in the enemy, the hostile, disaster; cause harm; cause disease;
cause epidemics; cause abdominal pain; cause cholera; cause dysentery.

The dream (interpreters) tell (of) the dream: Anyone who sees a dream before
noon, he has a reward like this; whoever sees a dream at noon, he has a reward
like this; ...in the evening..., ...in the first night..., middle of the night,
late night; whoever lies on the right side, on the left side, who lies upside
right, who lies upside down; who sees the moon, the sun, the sea, Mount Sumeru,
an elephant, a horse, a carriage, infantry, army formations, pleasant gardens,
pleasant forests, pleasant land, a pleasant lotus pond..., he has a reward like
this.

The sign interpreters inform the signs: the orb sign, the rod sign, the
clothing sign, the sword sign, the arrow sign, the bow sign, the weapon
sign, the woman sign, the man sign, the girl sign, the boy sign, the female
slave sign, the male slave sign, elephant, horse, buffalo, cow king, bull,
goat, ram, chicken, quail, lizard, lotus peel, turtle shell, and deer are the
same.

Astrologers interpret the constellations: There are twenty-eight constellations.
This constellation should be entered by the writer, this constellation should be
tied to the headpiece, this constellation should be made for marriage, the
transport of the seeds of this constellation should be made, and (in) this
constellation cohabitation should be entered.

"Magic, dreams, signs, and astrology should not be engaged": Magic, dreams,
signs, astrology should not be engaged in, should not be practiced, should not
be (fully) practiced, should not be held after going on, or, should not be
studied, should not be memorized, should not be understood, should not be
discerned, and should not be dedicated (to).

"Believers should not engage in (interpretation of) animal sounds, pregnancy
techniques, and medical skills.": The animal sounds are called animal language.
Beast whispers tell (of) beasts: They know the roar and call of birds or
four-legged beasts. Like this, beast whispers tell beasts. They use pregnancy
techniques to make the fetus live, and the fetus does not live there for two
reasons: with (parasitic) worms or with wind shaking. Herbs are given to defend
against insects or wind sway, and like this, they use pregnancy techniques to
make the fetus live. There are five types of treatments for "healing":
ophthalmology, surgery, internal medicine, exorcism, and pediatrics.
"Believers," believers in the Buddha, believers in the Dhamma, believers in the
Saṅgha. He regards the Buddha as his own, or the Buddha holds that person. This
was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! Bhikkhus who are deceitful, stubborn,
slanderous, hypocritical, arrogant and uncertain, bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus are not my
believers, bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus have left this Dhamma, and those bhikkhus do not come
to grow and expand in this Dhamma. But, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus who are not deceitful,
talkative, strong, not stupid, and kind, bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus are my believers,
bhikkhus! Those bhikkhus did not leave this Dhamma, but those bhikkhus came to grow and
expand in this Dhamma."

"Cunning, stubborn, false, hypocrisy, conceited, uncertain,
They don't grow in the Dhamma taught by the Enlightened One,
Those who are not deceitful, talkative, sturdy, not rigid, good-natured,
They grow in the Dhamma taught by the Enlightened One." [AN.4.26]

"Beast sounds, pregnancy techniques, medical techniques, believers should not
engage in": Beast sounds, pregnancy techniques, medical techniques, one should
not be engaged in, should not be bent to engage in, should not be fully engaged
in, should not be oriented towards engaging in, should not be practiced, should
not be practiced well, and go on after being held, or should not be learned,
should not be remembered, should not be understood, should not be discerned, and
should not be devoted (to).

163. One should not tremble with accusations, and bhikkhus should not become
     high or conceited in praise.
Greed and stinginess, anger and divisiveness, he should get rid of.

"Should not tremble with accusations": Some people here by birth...(omitted,
see previous sections), or in the heard, or in the debate, or in the rebuke of
something, they accuse, scold, and reprimand; when they are accused, scolded,
reprimanded, they tremble from being blamed, scolding, reprimanding, not
complimenting, trembling with no praise, trembling strongly, fear, ...; one
should become a person who is not timid, scared, ....

"Bhikkhus should not be high or conceited": Some people here by birth, ...,
they praise, admire, honor, and when they are praised, admired, honored, they
become high, conceited, proud, arrogant, stubborn, (that) should not be caused
by that, and one should not be stiff and very rigid, head held high, because of
that.

"Greed and stinginess, anger and dissenting words he should get rid of":
"Greed," that is the state of greed, .... There are five kinds of stinginess:
...(omitted, see previous sections). "Anger," .... "Divisive language," ....

164. The Bhikkhu should not be involved in buying and selling, no matter where
     the bhikkhu is he should not make reprimands,
He should not be attached to the village, and should not flatter people for
    gain.

"Should not be involved in business": Any business that is rejected in the
dhamma does not exist in the interest here. How is one involved in business?
Exchange together among the five types of (people): or bowl, or clothing, or any
other necessities, making things that can be deceived, or wanting to increase,
is involved in buying and selling. How to not be involved in buying and selling?
Exchange together among the five types of (people): or bowls, or clothes, or any
other necessities, don't make things that can be deceived, or do not want to
increase, this is not involved in trading. "Should not be involved in trading":
The trading, one should not be involved in, should not be established, the
business should be discarded, should be driven away, should be terminated,
should be allowed to go to nonexistent. He should be separated from business,
quit, exited, left, renounced, freed, he should live with the heart of
renunciation.

"Bhikkhus should not make rebuke no matter where they are": What is the
pollution that causes rebuke? Some Samaṇa and brāhmaṇas are those with magical
powers, those with heavenly eyes, and those who know their hearts. They see from
a distance, not from a close distance. The heart knows the heart. Some gods are
also those who have magical powers, celestial eyes, .... They will be
reprimanded due to coarse pollution, or due to moderate pollution, or for fine
pollution. What is gross pollution? Body evil, speech, and mind evil are called
gross pollution. What is medium pollution? Seeking, finding maliciously, and
seeking harm, these are called moderate pollution. What is the fine pollution?
Seeking in the family, looking for the land, looking for the undead, looking for
sympathy with others, looking for respected reputation, looking for not being
scorned, these are called fine pollution. They will not be blamed for coarse
pollution, or for medium pollution, or for fine pollution. They should not
create blame, should not create pollution that causes blame, should not be
caused, should not be produced, and should not be made. It should be separated
from the pollution that caused the rebuke, has been abstained, has been given
up, .... "No matter where," ....

"And should not be attached to the village": How is there attachment to the
village? Here, the bhikkhu lives in the village to socialize with his family
members, sharing joys and sorrows: when they are happy, and when they are
suffering, he is involved in their affairs and duties [SN.22.3].

Or, the bhikkhu puts on his clothes in the early afternoon and takes the mantle.
He does not guard the body, words, heart, mind, thoughts, and roots when
entering the village or town in order to beg [SN. 20.10], he was stuck
everywhere, hooked everywhere, tied everywhere, and came to misfortune and
disaster [SN.17.4] everywhere.

How does it not stick to the village? Here, the bhikkhu lives in the absence of
communication with his family members, and has different joys and sorrows: not
when they are happy, not when they are suffering, he does not involve himself in
their affairs and duties.

Or, the bhikkhu puts on his clothes in the early afternoon and takes the mantle.
He has guarded the body, the words, the heart, the mind, and the roots have been
protected. When entering the village or town, he will be sticking nowhere,
hooking nowhere, tying nowhere, and coming to misfortune and disaster from
nowhere. "And should not be attached to the village": Should not be attached to
the village, should not be held, should not be tied, should not be tied
everywhere. It should be non-greed, non-fettered, non-obsessed, innocent,
separated from the greedy, ...(omitted), should live as a brahman.

"Should not flatter people for profit": What is flattery? Based on the
respectful reputation, evil desires, desire nature, focus on property, all the
talks, small talk, conversation, talk, dialogue, entanglement, complete
entanglement, false talk, complete false talk, flattery, complete flattery,
eloquence, slander behind the back, where there is soft language, dear language,
slow language, non-crude language.

In addition, flattering people in two ways: to make oneself in a humble
position, make others in a noble position and flatter others; or make others in
a humble position, make oneself stand in a noble position and flatter others.
How to make yourself humble and make others stand up noble and flatter others?
(Thinking:) "You are very helpful to me. I rely on you to get clothes, food,
shelter, the needs of the sick, and medical necessities. Anyone who gives or
wants to do it thinks that I rely on you. Those who are regarded as you, all my
previous names from my parents have disappeared to me, because you are known as
those who frequent (someone)'s home like that; those who often visit (someone)'s
home like that."

How to make others humble, make yourself noble and flatter others? (Thinking:)
"I am a person of great benefit to you. Because of me, you have turned to the
Buddha, to the Dhamma, and to the Saṅgha. You are free from killing, free from
giving and taking, free from adultery, free from false speech, free from
drinking spirits, fruit wine, and wine to relax, I will give you instructions,
give me a lot of questions, (I will) explain uposatha, and build temples.
However, after you abandon me, you respect, honor, and revere other people."

"We should not flatter people for gains": We should not flatter people with
gains as a cause, condition, or reason for gains, for gains to arise, to make
gains familiar to others, and to flatter people. He should give up flattery and
drive it away, it should end, it should be made to cease to exist. He should be
separated from flattery, abstained, ....

165. Bhikkhus should not be boastful, and should not speak insinuating words,
Arrogance should not be learned, controversial discussions should not be talked
    about.

"Bhikkhus should not be boastful": Here, a certain type of people are boasts
and braggers, who boast and brag: ...(omitted, see previous sections). In this
way he should not boast, he should not show off. Boasting should be given up,
should be driven away, ....

"And should not say insinuating words": What are insinuating words? Here, a
certain type of people speak insinuating words about clothes, words related to
giving food, words related to residence, and words related to the needs of
patients and medical necessities.

Or, using clothes as a cause, food as a cause, shelter as a cause, patient's
needs and medical necessities as a cause, it is also false to say truth, to say
that separation is not to say that it is not to be separated, to say that evil
is also not to be evil, and to say that nonsensual also speaks intelligent
language. Or, to teach others the Dhamma of Purifying Mind: "Ah! I should indeed
hear my Dhamma. After hearing the Dhamma, I will be able to become clear and
pure. My clear and pure actions can produce clarity." "And should not say
insinuating words": Even insinuating words about the teachings of the Dhamma
should not be said, should not be told, .... Insinuating words should be let go,
....

"You should not learn arrogance": "Pride," there are three kinds of arrogance:
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Should not learn," should not learn to be arrogant; should not be practiced,
should not be fully practiced, and should not be changed after being held.
Arrogance should be cut off, should be driven away, ....

"Should not talk about controversial discussions": What is a controversial
discussion? Here, a certain type of people are talking like this: "You don't
know the dhamma...(omitted)." This was said by the Blessed One: "Moggallāna!
When there is a controversial argument, restlessness can be expected; when they
are restless, one will lose self-control (;losing self-control, the mind will be
far from immersion)" [AN.7.61]. How should we not talk about controversy?
Controversial discussions should not be discussed, should not be talked, should
not be explained, should not be spoken. Controversial discussions should be
discarded, should be driven away....

166. One should not be taken away in false speech, deliberate deception should
     not be committed,
And one shouldn't be scornful of other people with regard to survival
    (existence), wisdom, precepts, and restraints (prohibitions).

"Should not be taken away in false speech": false speech, ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Should not be taken away in false speech": Should not be
carried away in false speech, should not be taken away, should not be carried,
should abandon false speech, should be driven away, ....

"Intentional fraud should not be committed": What is fraud? Here, a certain type
of people are scammers and fraudsters. Where there is fraud, deception,
deception, falsehood, and pretend, this is called fraud. "Intentional deception
should not be committed": After becoming deliberately deceptive, he should not
(build), should not produce, and should not cause it to arise. He should be
separated....

"You should not be contemptuous of other people with survival, wisdom, precepts
and restraints": "again," the continuation of the sentence.... Here, a certain
kind of crude life supporter scorns other triumphant life supporters: "How rich
this is, he eats everything, namely: plants from roots, stems, cuttings, or
joints, and fifthly plants from regular seeds, thunderous teeth like a hammer —
he is also known as Samaṇa!" [DN.25, Lot 61] He scorned other survivors with that
cruel life.

Here, a certain kind of survivor of the wonderful life scorns other survivors of
cruel life: "This unknown incompetent is not a gainer of clothes, food, shelter,
the needs of patients, and medical necessities." He used that wonderful life to
disdain other makers of cruel life. Here, a certain type of people is a wise
man. He answered the question asked. He thought this way: "I am a wise man, but
these other people are not wise men." He scorned other people with that wisdom.
Here, a certain type of people are full of restraints. They live and are
protected by the self-control of Patimokkha. They have full righteousness and
state of affairs. They see fear in minor sins, and learn after being upheld at
the school. He thinks like this: "I am of those who have full restraints, but
these other bhikkhus are those who break the precepts and evil spirits." He scorned
other people with that restraint. Here, a certain type of people is forbidden to
have enough: those who live in the woods, or those who often beg, ...(omitted,
see previous sections). He thought this way: "I am forbidden to have enough, but
these other people are not forbidden to have enough." He scorned other people
with that restriction."You should not scorn other people with life, wisdom,
precepts and restraints": You should not live with bad practices, or live
better than good, or with wisdom, or restraint, or prohibitions, to contempt and
despise other people. Pride should not be generated because of that, and one
should not be stiff, very stiff, and head-raising because of that.

167. After hearing many words from Samaṇa or ordinary people, when provoked,
One shouldn't say back in a rude manner, because the Silent ones don't fight
    back.

"After hearing many words of Samaṇa or ordinary people, when you are irritated":
"When irritated," when you are slandered, rebuked, annoyed, defamed, humiliated,
or insulted. "Samaṇa," .... "Ordinary people," .... They will say many
undesirable, unpleasant words, insult, slander, irritate, anger, hurt, distress,
kill, annoy, and harm. Many of their undesirable and unpleasant words are heard;
after grasping, after understanding, after discriminating.

"Should not go back in a rude manner": "Rudely," you should not go back in a
crude and rude manner, you should not go back to arguing, you should not go back
to the insulting person, and you should not go back to anger the angered person,
should go back to arguing and quarreling [SN.7.2], should not be arguing..., he
should give up, ....

"Because the silent one does not counterattack": "The silent one," .... "Because
the Silent ones do not counterattack": The Silent ones do not counterattack,
wrestling opponents, enemies, hostility, they do not produce, do not cause it to
arise, and do not cause it to be born.

168. After knowing this method, the bhikkhu who chooses should always study it
     mindfully;
After knowing that "silence" is extinction, he should not let go of the
teachings of Gotama.

"After knowing this Dhamma": This Dhamma has been explained, taught, told,
established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, and explained. After knowing, after
understanding, after measuring, .... Or, the right and wrong, the (right) way
and the evil way, the sinful and innocent, the despicable and the triumphant,
the black and the white, the sage's condemnation and the wise's praise, after
understanding, after weighing, .... Or, the correct path, the path that
follows the path, ...(omitted, see previous sections). After knowing....

"Bhikkhus who check and choose (select) should always learn with mindfulness":
"Check," When checking; when making strong checks; when measuring; when
judging; when distinguishing; when clarifying: "All actions are impermanent"...
(omitted, see previous sections); ...when clarifying." The bhikkhu who selects.
"Always," .... "Mindfully," .... "Should learn," ....

"Knowing that 'silence' is after the death (extinction)": That the "silence" of
greed is after the death is known, ...the anger..., the foolish..., (omitted);
after knowing and understanding, ....

"The teachings of Gotama should not be let loose": The teachings of Gotama, the
teachings of the Buddha, the teachings of the conqueror, the teachings of the
Tathāgata, the teachings of the gods, and the Arahant's teachings. "Should not
let go," should be a respectful actor, ...(omitted).

169. Because he is an unconquered conqueror, he saw the Dhamma self-evidently
     instead of (by) hearsay,
Therefore, it is true that those who do not let go should always respectfully
follow the teachings of the Blessed One. [Like this, the Blessed One (said).]

"Because he is an unconquered conqueror": The "conqueror," the conqueror of
form, the conqueror of sound, the conqueror of smell, the conqueror of taste,
the conqueror of touch, the conqueror of dhamma, is not conquered by any
pollution, he conquers those evil and unwholesome dhammas; shunning the
pollution, the others, the fearful, the bitter fruit, old age and death in the
future.

"He sees the self-evidenced Dhamma rather than (by) hearsay (rumor)":
"Self-certification" is not heard, not based on work like this, not based on
inheritance, not based on three possessions, not based on theoretical
contemplation, not based on contemplation. His insights were seen and understood
in the Dhamma that he personally proved and realized.

"Therefore it is indeed the commandment of the Blessed One": "Therefore," ....
"The commandment of the Blessed One," the commandment of the Blessed One, the
teachings of Gotama, the teachings of the Buddha, the teachings of the
conqueror, the teachings of the Tathāgata, the teachings of the gods, the
teachings of the Arahants.

"He who does not let loose (relax) should always be respectful  and follow his
studies. [Like this, the Blessed One (said)]": "He who does not let loose," a
respectful actor... "Always," .... "Respect," to respect with the body, or with
words, or with the heart, or as such it means to respect, or to salute, revere,
and respect. "Follow learning," there are three kinds of learning: .... "World
Honored," a synonym for respect...(omitted, see previous sections).

\newpage
