### 15. The One Who Has Taken Up the Rod

> 170 &middot; The horror arising from the stick-takers;  
Please look at the dissident people.  
I will talk about the sense of urgency;  
I am stirred up by the sense of urgency.

"The horror arising from the stick-taker": "Sticks," there are three kinds of
sticks: body sticks, speech sticks, and mind sticks. Three kinds of body evil
act physical sticks, four speech evil acts, three kinds of evil intentions
sticks. "Terror," there are two kinds of horror: the terror of the present life
and the terror of the afterlife. What is the terror of the present life? Here, a
certain type of people practice evil actions with the body, practice evil with
words, and practice evil with intention, he kills, takes without giving,
invades, loots, robs, abducts wives, and speaks falsehood. After he is captured,
they go to the king: "Your Majesty! This is a thief, a criminal, let you punish
this (with a) sentence." The king blamed him. He used the blame to cause terror
to arise. He felt bitter and sorrow. From where did this horror, bitterness and
sorrow become his? From the person who took the stick it was born, produced, and
appeared.

The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imprisoned him with
handcuffs, or with ropes, or with fetters, or with vines, or with kudzu vines,
or by throwing into chains, or by fences, or by binding to the village, town,
city, country, or to the place, and it is even declared: "You must not walk away
from here." He also feels suffering and sorrow by the bondage, where does this
horror, suffering, and sorrow arise? ....

The king is not satisfied with this situation. The king will transport his
property from him: hundreds or thousands or one hundred thousand (money). He
also feels ....

The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imposed various
penalties on him: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with a cane, cutting
off hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears and nose, and imposing sour
porridge pot punishment, shell-bald punishment, Rāhu's mouth punishment, fire
torture, candle hand punishment, exorcism, bark clothing punishment, antelope
punishment, hook flesh punishment, money punishment, alkaline bath punishment,
twisted door lock punishment, straw foot pedal punishment, drenching with hot
oil, making the dog bite, making a piercing while alive, beheading with a sword;
he also feels.... The king is the master of these four types of staff (rod
punishment).

With his own work and the disintegration of his body, he was reborn in the world
of suffering, evil, lower world, and hell after death. The jailers imposed five
types of punishment on him: they made the red hot iron rod pass through the
(first) palm, and they made the red hot iron rod pass through the (second) palm.
After the second palm, they passed the red hot iron rod through the (first) sole
of the foot, they passed the red hot iron rod through the second sole of the
foot, and they passed the red hot iron rod through the chest in the middle. He
felt bitter, fierce, violent, [MN.129], pungent feelings there, and he would
not die until the evil kamma was eliminated. Where did this terror, suffering,
and sorrow arise? ....

After the jailers lay him down, they cut him with an axe... (omitted) after the
jailers grabbed him under their feet, they cut him with a small axe... the
jailers harnessed him on the cart and set him on fire, so he was ignited in a
burning, glorious fire, ... the jailers made him climb up and down the burning,
shining charcoal volcano... after the jailers caught him up and down, they threw
them into the hot, blazing, burning, red-glowing copper pot; he was boiled with
foam there, and he rose up once, sunk once, and moved across once. He felt
bitter.... Where did this horror, suffering, .... The jailers threw him into the
great hell, and in the great hell:

"There are four doors in the four corners, divided into equal parts,  
Surrounded by iron walls, and the top is covered by iron.  
The earth is made of iron, and it shines with the burning of fire,  
All around for a hundred yojanas, always pervading and abiding.  
The miserable burning is terrible, the brilliant flames are hard to approach,  
Hair visibly standing on end due to the horror of suffering.  
From the east wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the west.  
From the west wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the east.  
From the north wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the south.  
From the south wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the north.  
From below, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the roof.  
From above, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the ground.  
Blazing iron, sorrow like being burned,  
Just so this great hell is seen from above and below.  
There beings are very cruel, those who have done great crimes,  
Perpetual evildoers, tortured without dying.  
The body is like fire, that of the dweller in this hell,  
The one with steady kamma, the fire has neither ashes nor soot.  
They run to the east, and from there to the west;  
The run to the north, and from there to the south;  
Everywhere they run, the doors are shut,  
The want to go forth, they seek for release.  
They can't go forth from there, they obtain this by means of kamma,  
For those evildoers, their abundant kamma is not yet fully ripe."

Where did this horror, suffering, and sorrow become his? It arises, is born,
appears from the person who takes the stick. Also, where does the suffering of
hell, the suffering of the animal world, the suffering of the hungry ghost
world, and the suffering of humans arise, where are they produced, where are
they occurring, where are they born, and where do they appear? It arises, ....

"Please look at the dissident people": The "people," ...(omitted, see previous
sections). Dissident people are quarreling people, hostile people, people who
oppose, people who hit, people who counterattack, people who are attacked,
people who are counterattacked, please see, please behold, please watch, please
observe.

"I will talk about the sense of urgency": The sense of urgency is horror, fear,
terror, oppression, blows, harm, disaster. "I will tell," I will announce, I
will say, I will explain, I will teach, I will tell, I will build, I will
uncover, I will parse, I will clarify.

"I was aroused (stirred) by a sense of urgency": Just following myself, I was
aroused by a sense of urgency, horrified, and generated a sense of urgency.

> 171 &middot; After seeing the throbbing people,  
Like a fish in little water,  
And becoming hostile to each other;  
Horror entered me after seeing it.

"After seeing people who are throbbing": "People" are synonymous with all
beings. People throb with the throbbing of desire...(omitted, see previous
sections). "After seeing," ....

"Like a fish in a place with little water": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Become hostile to each other": All beings are hostile to each other, opposing,
striking, counterattacking, attacked, counterattacked: the king and the king,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"After seeing the horror entered me": "After seeing," after seeing, ....
Terror, oppression, blow, harm, disaster entered.

> 172 &middot; Nothing in the world is solid,  
All directions are completely shaken,  
Wanting a place to live,  
(But) I didn't see an unoccupied one.

"Nothing in the world is solid": "The world," the world of the hell, the animal
world, the world of the evil spirits, the world of mankind, the world of heaven,
the world of aggregates, the world of worlds, the world of living, this world,
other worlds, the Brahma world, the heavenly world, this is called the world.
(That) the world of hell is always solid, or solidity of pleasure, or solidity
of me, or constant, or solid, or eternal, or unchanging dhamma, as the unsolid,
unreliable, and separated. The world of the animal world... (omitted).

Another example is that reeds are not firm, not solid, and have been separated
from solidity, such as the castor-oil plant is not firm, figs..., white
reeds..., palash tree..., foam, blisters, flame of the sun, dried plantain,
illusion.... In the same way, the world of hell....

"All directions are completely shaken": All the lines in the east direction are
shaken, shaken completely, moved: disturbed by impermanence, accompanied by
birth, followed by old age, conquered by disease, tormented by death, suffering,
there is no shelter, no refuge, no return. All the lines in the west
direction..., north..., south..., middle of the east..., middle of the west...,
...middle of the north..., middle of the south..., lower direction..., upper
direction..., in the ten directions.... Again, this is also said:

"Even if your palace is shining  
Lighting up the north,  
One always trembles after seeing the fault of form.  
Therefore, the wise person is not happy with form."  
[SN.6.6]

"The world is tortured by death,  
Surrounded by old age,  
Pierced by the arrow of craving,  
Always smoking with desire."  
[SN.1.66]

"All worlds are burning,  
All worlds are smoking,  
All worlds are blazing,  
All worlds are trembling."  
[SN.5.7]

"Want my place": My dwelling, shelter, refuge, place, place of refuge, those who
want, accept, hope, (are) eager (for), and pray (for). "(But) I didn't see one
unoccupied": I only saw the taken, but didn't see the untaken: all the young are
occupied by the old, all the diseaseless are occupied by the disease, all life
is occupied by death, all gain is possessed by the unprofitable, all reputation
is possessed by no reputation, all praise is possessed by reprimand, and all
happiness is possessed by suffering.

"Gain and loss, fame and disgrace,  
Blame and praise, comfort and suffering,  
These dhammas are impermanent in people,  
Not eternal, and changing."  
[AN.8.5]

> 173 &middot; After seeing, at the end, all the hostility,  
There was my dislike (displeasure),  
At that time, I saw the piercing arrow here:  
Hard to be seen, connected to the heart.

"But in the end, all hostiles": "Yet in the end," all young and old make it end,
all disease-free and with diseases make it end, all life and death make it end,
all gains and no gain make it end, all fame and no-fame put to an end, all
praise and rebuke put to an end, and all pleasures and suffering put to an end.
"All hostiles," The young want to oppose old people, ..., those who want praise
are rebuked and opposed, and those who want pleasure are opposed and beaten, was
counterattacked, was attacked, was counterattacked.

"After seeing, my unhappiness": "After seeing," .... "My unhappiness," whoever
is not happy, whoever is not rejoicing, whoever is dissatisfied, whoever is in
fear.

"To see the arrow at that time": "At that time," the continuation of the
sentence... (omitted, see previous sections). "Here," in all beings. "Arrow,"
There are seven kinds of stabbing arrows: greedy stabbing arrow, anger stabbing
arrow, crazy stabbing arrow, conceit stabbing arrows, seeing stabbing arrows,
worrying stabbing arrows, doubting stabbing arrows. "He saw," he saw and
understood.

"Difficult to be seen, connected to the heart": "Difficult to be seen,"
difficult to be seen, hard to be seen, hard to be enlightened, hard to be
conscious of, hard to be accessible. "Connected to the heart." The heart is
called the heart, which is the mind, the knowledge, the sense, the white (all
pure), the root of mind, consciousness, and consciousness aggregate,
corresponding to the realm of consciousness. "Heart connected," connected to the
heart, walking with the heart, joined, connected, coexisted, the same place of
dependence, and the same object.

> 174 &middot; Anyone who is shot by a stabbing arrow,  
He runs around in all directions,  
But after the stabbing arrow was pulled out,  
He does not run nor sink.

"Whoever is shot by a stabbing arrow, he runs around in all directions":
"Stabbing arrow," there are seven kinds of stabbing arrows: .... What is a
greedy arrow? That is greed, ...(omitted, see previous sections).

What is an anger stabbing arrow? "He has been unfavorable...(omitted, see
previous sections)." Hate was born... (omitted) brutal anger, rage, and
displeasure of the heart.

What is the stabbing arrow of ignorance? Ignorance in suffering....  
What is a conceit piercing arrow? The conceit of "I am the winner," ....  
What is a seeing (view) piercing arrow? There are twenty views of the body, ....  
What is a sadness arrow? Touched by loss of relatives, ....  
What is the doubting arrow? Suspicion on suffering, ....

"Whoever is shot by a stabbing arrow, he runs around in all directions": Anyone
who is shot by a stabbing arrow, shot through, touched, tortured, combined,
possesses, and does evil deeds with his body, in words words, and with
intention: killing, taking without giving, invading people, taking prey,
blocking the road, robbing, abducting a wife, saying falsehood, like this, being
shot, pierced, touched, tortured, combined with a greedy arrow, run with
possession, run around, walk around, and keep moving around. Or, being shot,
..., heat, hunger, thirst became worse, tortured by the contact of horsefly,
mosquitoes, wind, sun, and snakes, died of hunger and thirst frequently; went to
(omitted: various locations are listed here, see chapter seven); walked to the
dangerous road in the desert; walked to walk on the knees the road that can be
passed; the road that goats can walk; the road that sheep can walk; the road
that can only be passed when supported by pillars; the road that can only be
passed by holding a parachute; the road that can only be passed when the bamboo
bush is cut; walking to the bird road; walking to the mouse road; walking to the
crack road; walking to the vine road, when he asks repeatedly, he does not get
it, rooted in not getting, the feeling of suffering; when he asks, he gets it,
rooted in the guardian, feeling of getting worry: "Whether my property will be
taken away by the king, the thieves will not take it, the fire will not burn,
the water will not flow it away, and the unlovable heirs will not take it away."
When he guards and protects in this way, his property is destroyed, he is rooted
in separation and feels distress, when he guards and protects in this way, his
property is destroyed, he is rooted in separation and feels distress. Like this
is also to be shot, ....

Being stabbed by an anger arrow..., stabbed by an infatuated arrow..., conceit
arrow....

Shot by a seeing stabbing arrow, shot through, ..., possessed to walk naked,
ignoring (common) ways, licking their hands, coming without being invited, not
coming when invited, not eating food specifically prepared for them, not eating
food from a bowl or pot, not eating food from someone who keeps sheep, or keeps
a shovel or weapon, or where a couple is eating, or a pregnant woman, or a
nursing woman, or a woman who has a man in her home, or from places where there
are dogs or flies; does accept fish, meat, liquor, wine, fermented porridge
(beer); he goes with his bowl to one family for one mouthful, or two families
for two mouthfuls... (omitted), or seven families for seven mouthfuls; or he
uses one small plate (of food) to sustain his life, or two..., or seven...; or
eats one meal a day, or one meal for two days, ..., one meal for seven days, or
even one meal for a half-month; he lives dedicated to the practice of eating
regularly (at intervals) [DN.8]. Seen like this, the stabbing arrow shot, ....

Or, by a seeing stinging arrow shot, ..., he becomes a lettuce eater, or a tares
eater, or a raw rice eater, or a plant eater, or a sour moss eater, or those who
eat rice bran, or eat rice water, or eat flax powder, or eat grass, or eat cow
dung, he live on the roots and fruits of the forest, and the fallen fruits as
food. He wears linen, hemp mixed fabric, shroud, dung sweeping clothes, bark,
antelope skin, sheepskin, thatch clothing, bark clothing, wood chip clothing,
hair woven clothing, beast fur clothing, owl down jacket, he is a beard plucker,
he lives in a practitioner who is committed to plucking beard, a standing
person, a person who refuses a seat, a squatting person, a diligent
practitioner, a thorn lying person, he sleeps on a thorny bed, With a slatted
bed and a hard floor, he is a person who lives in the open and everywhere. He is
a person who eats spoiled food and a practitioner who devotes himself to eating
spoiled food. He is a person who does not drink beverages and a practitioner who
does not drink beverages. The practitioner who devotes himself to the water bath
three times before dusk, like this, lives in many such forms of practice of
asceticism and torture on the body. In this way, it is also shot with seeing
stabbing arrows, ....

Thorn arrows shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed and sad,
tired, weeping, pounding and crying, and came to confusion. This is said by the
Blessed One [MN.87]:

"Brāhmaṇa! Once upon a time, in this city of Sravasti, a certain woman's mother
died. When she died, she was mad and frustrated. She walked from street to
street; from crossroads to crossroads, and then then said: 'Do you see my
mother? Do you see my mother?'

Brāhmaṇa! Once upon a time, in this city of Sravasti, a certain woman's father
died..., brother died..., sister died..., son died..., daughter died,...,
husband died.... When he died, she was mad and frustrated, walking from street
to street; from crossroads to crossroads, and then said: 'Did you see my
husband? Do you see my husband?'

Brāhmaṇa! Once upon a time, in this city of Sravasti, a man's mother died. When
she died, he was mad and frustrated, walking from street to street; from
crossroads to crossroads, and then said, 'Did you see my mother? Do you see my
mother?'

Brāhmaṇa! Once upon a time, in this city of Sravasti, there was a man whose
father died... (omitted).

Brāhmaṇa! Once in the city of Sravasti, there was a woman who went to the home of
relatives who wanted to take her husband and then wanted to give her to someone
else she didn't want. At that time, the woman said to her husband: 'Master! (My)
relatives are going to take you (and then want to give me to someone else I
don't want), and the two of us will die.' Then, the man cut the woman in half
and committed suicide (, thinking): 'After death, we will (still) be a pair.'"
Like this, one is shot, ...by an arrow of sadness, ....

One was shot, shot through, touched, tortured, combined, possessed by the
doubtful stabbing arrow to become a skeptic, a skeptic who leaped into a doubt,
and a doubtful person: "Do I exist in my past life? Do I not exist in my past
life? What is my past life? How was my past life? What was my past life, and
what did (it later) become? Will I exist in the future? ...." Or, he will have
doubts about the present world now in his heart: "Do I exist? Am I not there?
What am I? How is my situation? Where did these sentient beings come from and
where will they go?" [SN.12.20] Like this, the stabbing arrow shot in, shot
through, ....

He made these piercing arrows. When he made these piercing arrows, he ran east,
west, north, and south because of the piercing arrows. Those stabbing arrows
have not been broken, and run to the place of interest with those stabbing
arrows unbroken: running to hell, running to the animal world, running to the
hungry ghost world, running to the human world, running to the heavenly world,
from the place of interest to the place of interest, from rebirth to rebirth,
from birth to birth, from existence to existence, from reincarnation to
reincarnation, from rotation to rotation, running around, walking around, and
constantly moving.

"But after the piercing arrow is pulled out, he doesn't run nor sink": But that
greedy piercing arrow, anger piercing arrow, ..., after being pulled out, after
pulling out, after taking out, after removing, after completely removing, after
abandoning, after expelling, after finishing, after making it out of existence,
he will neither run east nor west, neither run north nor south. Those piercing
arrows have been cut off, and in the state where those stabbing arrows have been
cut off, one won't run to the interesting place: won't run to hell, ..., and
constantly moving around. "Not sinking," not sinking in the torrent of desire, not
sinking in the torrent of anger, not sinking in the torrent of ignorance, not
sinking, not sinking completely, not sinking downward, not going, not going
down.

> 175 &middot; There is learning sung (recited) along there:  
Any bonds in the world,  
One should not bee keen on those; after piercing all desires,  
One should learn for one's own Nibbāna.

"Learning there being sung (recited): Anyone who is bound in the world":
"Study," Elephant science, horse science, carriage, archery, ophthalmology,
surgery, body healing, expelling ghosts, child healing learning. "Being sung,"
being chanted, recited, talked about, explained, spoken. Or, being chanted,
learned, remembered, understood, distinguished, bound to obtain. "Tethered" is
called the five desires: the sight to be able to be recognized by the eye,
desirable, lovely, agreeable, accompanied by desires, greedy forms; the
sound...(omitted, see previous sections). What is the reason that being bound is
called the five desires? Most people want, accept, hope, aspire, and pray for
the five desires. For that reason, they are called the five desires. "In the
world," ....

"There should not be enthusiasm in those": In those, or in those studies, or in
the five kinds of desires, one should not be enthusiastic, should not target
that, and become a person who does not work hard or lean towards that, does not
go to increases.

"After piercing all desires": "After piercing" is after piercing: "All actions
are impermanent" after piercing, ...(omitted, see previous sections). After the
penetration. "Everything," ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Desire,"
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"One should learn for one's own Nibbāna": "Study," there are three kinds of
learning: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "For one's own Nibbāna," in order
to extinguish one's greed; in order to extinguish one's anger; in order to
extinguish one's infatuation... (omitted), calm, silence, calm down, cool down,
cut thoughts, stop, you should learn to increase precepts, you should also learn
to increase mind, and you should also learn to increase wisdom. These three
learnings should be learned when they are headed (noted); when they are known,
they should be learned..., you should learn, practice, practice well, and go on
after accepting.

> 176 &middot; One should be truthful, not arrogant,  
Not deceiving, one who gives up divisiveness,  
Without anger,  
Muni can overcome greed and stinginess.

"Should be the real (truthful), not arrogant": "Should be the real," should have
the truth, should have the right view, should have the eight holy paths. "Not
arrogant," "Arrogance," there are three kinds of arrogance: ...(omitted, see
previous sections). For him, these three arrogances are cut off, ..., he is
called the not arrogant.

"Those who do not deceive, and those who give up divisive speech": Deception...
(omitted, see previous sections). For him who this deception has been cut off,
..., he is called the one who does not deceive. "Depart from the divisive
speech," The divisive speech, ...(omitted, see previous sections). For him who
is cut off, ..., he is called the one who gives up divisiveness, stays away from
divisiveness, and isolates divisiveness.

"Those who are not angry, Muni can overcome greed and stinginess": They are
called "not angry," but only those who are angry can be said. The anger arises
in ten forms: ...(omitted, see previous sections). For him, the anger is cut
off, ..., he is called the one who is not angry. The state of anger has been
dismissed is regarded as the non-angry; the state of knowing of anger is
regarded as the non-angry; "Greed," that is, the state of greed, .... Being
stingy is called the five kinds of stinginess: .... "Muni," .... "Those who are
not angry, Muni can overcome the evil of greed and stinginess": Muni survives,
transcends, passes, crosses, and overcomes the evil of greed and stinginess.

> 177 &middot; Sleep, laziness, and drowsiness should be conquered,  
And one should not live with ease,  
One should not stand with arrogance:  
The person whose mind is in Nibbāna.

"Sleep, laziness, and drowsiness should be conquered": "Sleep," that is the
body's unbearable, unsuitable state of work, covering, internal dullness,
drowsiness, dreaming dozing off, dreaming sleeping, falling asleep status.
"Laziness," ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Hanging (drowsiness)" refers
to the state of being unbearable, unsuitable for work, stained, withdrawn, dull,
depressed, drowsy, and ignorant. "Sleep, laziness, and drowsiness should be
conquered": Sleep and laziness and sinking (drowsiness) should be conquered,
should be overcome, should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should end,
should be crushed.

"One should not live with relaxation": Relaxing means being in the evil deeds of
the body, or in the evil deeds of speech, or in the evil deeds of the mind, or
in the five desires. The relaxing can be turned away, and the heart is
abandoned. The state of not arising, or the state of no respect for the practice
of good dhamma, the state of impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the
state of being stuck to the habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of
neglecting responsibility, not practicing, not practicing well, not practice
much, not establishing, and letting go. Anything like this state of letting go
is called relaxing. "Should not live with ease": Should not live with ease,
live together, live, stay, let loose, should be cut off, should be driven away,
....

"Should not stand with arrogance": "Arrogance," .... One should not stand with
arrogance, ....

"Those whose minds are in Nibbāna": Here, a certain type of people are the
giver, the ordained ones, those who perform kamma, those who serve things to
drink, wash water, those who clean the bhikkhus' rooms, and those who respect
the tower temple, those who hang incense flowers in the pagoda temple, those who
walk around the pagoda temple on the right, and those who do anything good in
the Three Realms are doers, (but) not because of interest, not because of
rebirth, not because of incarnation, not because of existence, not because of
reincarnation, not because of rotation, he does all this (for) the interest of
freedom from bondage, leaning toward Nibbāna, tilting toward Nibbāna, and
inclining toward Nibbāna. Or, after the mind breaks away from all realms, the
mind gathers on the immortal realm: this is silence, this is victory, that is:
the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, mindfulness, the
extinction of thirst, greed, extinction, Nibbāna.

"The wise do not give for the joy of clinging, for rebirth,  
They would rather give alms for the sake of not clinging, in order to not regenerate.  
The wise men do not practice the various meditations because of the joy of clinging, for the sake of regeneration,  
They would rather practice the various meditations for the sake of not clinging, to not regenerate.  
They hope to extinguish and give, their hearts are inclined to that, to that victory solution,  
As a river enters the ocean, they practice Nibbāna on the other side."

> 178 &middot; One should not be taken away in false words,  
And love should not be created in form.  
One should fully know conceit,  
And should abstain from arbitrariness.

"Should not be taken away in false speech": false speech...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Should not be taken away in false speech": Should not be
carried away in false speech, should not be taken away, should not be carried,
should not be taken. We should give up false speech, should be driven away,
....

"Should not create love in form": "Form" is the four great elements and forms
created of the four great elements. "Affection should not be created in
physicality": Affection should not be created in physicality, desire should not
be generated, love should not be generated, greed should not be generated,
should not be produced, should not be caused, should not be to be born.

"Should fully know conceit": One kind is conceit: ....

"Should know conceit": There should be three types of knowing: known,
measuring, and abandoning. ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Should perform abstinence in arbitrariness": What is arbitrary behavior? Those
infected with greed have arbitrary behavior, angry people have arbitrary
behavior with hateful behavior, foolish people have arbitrary behavior with
foolish behavior, the bound person acts arbitrarily with conceited behavior, the
executor acts arbitrarily with the view, the scrambled person acts arbitrarily,
the undecided person acts arbitrarily with the doubtful behavior, the resolute
person worries about the latent trend of the behavior, this is arbitrary
behavior. "Should perform abstinence of arbitrary behavior": Should have been
separated from arbitrary behavior, abstained, ....

> 179 &middot; One should not delight in the old,  
And should not like the new;  
Should not be sad because of the disappearing,  
And should not be dependent on what is seductive.

"Should not rejoice in the past": The past is called the past forms, feelings,
thoughts, actions, and consciousness. The past actions should not be rejoiced,
welcomed, held by craving, seeing, persevere (in), clung to, he should let go,
he should drive away, ....

"Should not generate liking in the new": The new is called the present form,
feeling, thought, behavior, and consciousness. In the current behaviors, liking
and desire should not be generated due to craving and seeing; Love, greed, he
should not produce, should not generate, should not cause it to arise, should
not cause it to come to life.

"Should not be sad because of what is disappearing": When disappearing, losing,
declining, dissipating, leaving, reducing, and extinction, he should not be sad,
should not be tired, should not grieve, should not weep, should not beat his
chest and cry, should not come to confusion: when the eyes disappear, are lost,
decline, ..., in the ear... (omitted, see previous sections)

"Should not be stubborn in what is seductive (attractive)": The attractive is
called craving, which is greed, .... For what reason is the attractive called
thirst? Anyone who pulls, holds, takes, grasps, clings to him with thirst and
love... (omitted), for this reason are called cravings. "Should not be dependent
on the attractive": Should not become the dependent of the thirst. The
thirsting should be cut off, ....

> 180 &middot; I say greed is a "great torrent,"  
I said desire is a torrent,  
The fixed view of object,  
The mud of desire is difficult to overcome.

"I said greed is a 'great torrent': Craving is called craving, that is greed,
.... Great torrent is called craving, that is greed, .... "I say greed is a
'great torrent'": I say, I explain, ...that greed is a "great torrent".

"I said eagerness is rushing": eagerness is called craving, .... Rushing is also
called craving, .... "I said that eagerness is rushing": I said, ...that that
eagerness is "rushing."

"Affected Views": Affected Views are also called cravings, ... The fixed view
is also called craving, ....

"The mud of desire is difficult to overcome": The mud of desire, the quagmire
of desire, the pollution of desire, the swamp of desire, and the obstacles of
desire are difficult to overcome, difficult to surpass, difficult to escape,
difficult to pass.

> 181 &middot; Muni does not deviate from truth,  
Brāhmaṇa stands on the high ground,  
After he cuts off everything,  
He was indeed called the Silent One.

"Muni does not deviate from the truth": Those who do not deviate from the
truth; those who do not deviate from the right view; those who do not deviate
from the eight-legged path. "Muni," ....

"Brāhmaṇa standing on the high ground": The high ground is called non-living,
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, .... "Brāhmaṇa," ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "The Brāhmaṇa stands on the high ground": He stands on the
high ground, on the island, standing in the shelter, standing in the refuge,
standing in the fearless place, standing in the undeath, standing at Nibbāna.

"After he cuts everything off": Everything is called the twelve places:
...(omitted, see previous sections). Because the desire and greed in the inner
and outer parts of himself have been cut off, the roots have been cut off, like
a palm tree without roots, becoming a non-being, something that will not be born
for the future. In this case, everything is abandoned, spit out, released, cut
off, severed. Because of the thirst for love and seeing and the conceit being
cut off, the root .... This situation is also the situation where everything is
abandoned, ... Because of blessings and non-blessing action and immobility are
cut off, .... In this case, everything is abandoned, ....

"He is indeed called the Silent": He is called, said, talked about, spoken,
explained, said to be "the silent, the stopped, the extinguished, the clam, the
at rest."

> 182 &middot; He is indeed a wise man,  
He is a person who knows the Vedas,  
He becomes a non-dependent person after he knows the Dhamma,  
He is one who acts rightly in the world,  
He does not look forward to anything here.

"He is indeed a wise man, he is one who knows the Vedas": The "wise man"
...(omitted, see previous sections). "The one who knows the Veda," the Vedas are
called ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"After knowing the Dhamma, becoming non-dependent": "After knowing," .... There
are two types of dependence on "non-dependent": ...(omitted, see previous
sections). Those who do not adhere to, those who do not stick to, those who do
not fall into the dhammas of knowledge, those who do not turn their minds toward
(these things), he has left, has been freed, has been separated from the
bondage, he lives with an unrestrained heart.

"He is the one who does the right thing in the world": Because the desire and
greed inside and outside of himself have been cut off, the roots have been cut
off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes non-being and does not grow
for the future, this situation is that he walks, lives, acts, goes on, guards,
and survives correctly in the world.... Because of blessing and non-blessing and
immobility being cut off, ....

"He doesn't long for anything here": Hope is called craving, .... For him, this
longing, craving has been cut off, ..., he does not yearn for anything:
khattiya, or Brāhmaṇa, or vessa, or sudda, or layman, or bhikkhus, or heavenly
(beings), or human.

> 183 &middot; Whoever transcends desire and ties here,  
Which are difficult to transcend in the world,  
He does not grieve or worry:  
Those who have cut off the flow,  
Those who have no knots.

"Anyone who crosses over desires and ties here: those which are difficult to
cross in the world": "Who," what kind of like, like effort, like arrangement,
like kind, every place that has arrived, every khattiya who has Dhamma, or
Brāhmaṇa, .... "Desire," .... "Ties," there are seven kinds of ties: greed
ties.... "In the world": .... "The tie that is difficult to pass in the world,"
all desires and ties: the hard to pass, the difficult to transcend, the
difficult to escape, the difficult to overpass, he passes, transcends,
overpasses, overcomes.

"He is not sad or worried": He does not grieve things that have changed, or
things that are changing: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Or worried,"
Don't worry, don't miss, don't think, don't contemplate, don't think deeply.
Or, not to be born, not to age, not to die, not to regenerate.

"Those who have cut off the flow and have no bondage": The flow is called
thirst, .... For him the flow, craving is cut off.... "Unbound person," the
bondage of greed, the bondage of hatred, the bondage of ignorance, the bondage
of conceit, the bondage of views, the bondage of pollution, the bondage of evil
deeds. For him, these bonds are cut off....

> 184 &middot; Anything before, please let it wither,  
Do not have anything afterwards,  
If you do not hold in the middle,  
You will live a silent life.

"Anything before, please make it wither": As for the pollution that can cause
pollution in the past, please make it dry, please make it wither, please make it
please make it dry up, please don't make seeds, please let it go, please drive
it away, please end it, please make it go to non-existence. Or, any past kamma
creations that have not matured and repaid, please let them wither, ....

"Please don't have anything afterwards": Afterwards is called the future. Any
greed, any aversion, ..., any of these actions can arise in the future. For you,
don't have, don't make, don't produce, don't generate, don't cause it to arise,
don't cause it to be born, please give up, ....

"If you do not hold the in the middle": The one in the middle is called the
present form, feeling, thought, action, and consciousness. Regarding the present
actions, you will not hold or grasp because of craving, seeing, ...; give up,
drive away....

"You will live a silent life": The state of silence of greed, the state of calm,
the state of silence, the state of quiet, ..., the calmed state, the
extinguished state, the non-burning state, the cooled state, the departed state,
the stopped state as silent, quiet, cooled, stopped, you live, act, go on,
guard, and survive.

> 185 &middot; In all names and forms,  
He does not regard as his own,  
And there is no sadness for what does not exist,  
He does not lose in the world.

"In all names and forms, he does regard as his own": "Everything," .... "Name,"
the four formless aggregates. "Form," the four great elements and any form
derived from the four great elements. "Everything for him," for the Arahant, for
the one who has exhausted his troubles. "Being regarded as one's own," there are
two kinds of self-holding: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "In all names
and forms, they are not regarded as one's own by him": In all names and forms,
wherever one holds to, they do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, and
have been abandoned, ....

"Don't worry about things that don't exist": ...(omitted, see previous
sections).

"He does not lose in the world": Anything that seems to him, of forms, feelings,
thoughts, deeds, consciousness, "this is mine, or this is others'." For those
who hold, take, and believe, there is a loss for him.

This is also said: [Jat.5.1,1-3]

"When the carriage, gems, and earrings are lost,  
When the son and wife are lost there,  
When all wealth is not used,  
Why are you not sad in the time of grief?  
Even those who have forsaken their wealth before,  
People who will inevitably die will abandon those,  
The property of the desire-seeker is very constant,  
So I am not sad in the time of grief.  
The moon increases, fills, and disappears,  
And the sun moves into extinction,  
The enemy's worldly dhamma has been known to me,  
So I am not sad in the time of grief."

Anything that seems to him, of form, .... For those who do not hold, take, and
believe, there is not loss for him. This is also said [SN.2.18]: "Samaṇa! Are
you happy?" "Friend! What did you get?" "In that case, Samaṇa! Are you sad?"
"Friend! What did you lose?" "In that case, Samaṇa! Are you neither happy nor
sad?" "Yes, friend!"

"After a long time, finally,  
I saw the Brāhmaṇa of Parinibbāna,  
Bhikkhus who have no joys and no worries,  
Put off their obsession in the world."

> 186 &middot; Anyone who does not have "this is mine"  
Or even other people's,  
He doesn't find one to hold,  
And does not grieve at "there is nothing of mine."

"Anyone who does not have 'this is mine' or even other people's": "Whatever is
to him" is to the Arahant, to the one who has exhausted his troubles. What is to
him, anything, physicality, feeling, thinking, behavior, consciousness, etc.
"This is mine, or this is someone else's." Being held, grasped, attached, being
held, taken and believed, they do not exist, are not known, they are not
discovered, they have been cut off, ....

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.12.37]: "Bhikkhus! This body is not yours,
nor other people's, bhikkhus! This is old kamma, which should be seen as
created, created by thought, and can be felt. There, bhikkhus! There are the
holy disciples who have heard of the reason-based origination: 'Like this, when
this exists, there is that; when this arises, that arises; when this does not
exist, there is no that; when this is extinguished, the other is extinguished,
that is: ignorance is the precondition for action; action is the precondition
for knowledge; ... (omitted); this is the collection of the entire suffering.
But it fades away with the ignorance. It's an extinction with an extinction;
this is the extinction of the whole suffering aggregate.'"

This was said by the Blessed One: [Sn.5.15-Ni.32]  
"Please observe that the world is empty, Mogharāja, always mindfully,  
After removing the view of oneself, one can cross over death in this way.  
Those who observe the world like this cannot be seen by the King of Death."

This is also said by the Blessed One: [SN.22.33]  
"Bhikkhus! Whatever is not you, you must give up! If you give up it, it will be
of long-term benefit and happiness for you. And, bhikkhus! What is not yours?
Bhikkhus! What is not yours, you let it go! Let it go, it will have long-term
benefits and happiness for you; accept..., think..., do it..., if they don't
know you, let it go! Let it go, ....

Bhikkhus! Do you think in this forest, people will take away grass, fuel wood,
branches, leaves, or burn it, or do what he wants, you will think like this:
'People take us, or burn it, or do what he wants?' 'No, Great Virtue! What's the
reason for that? Great Virtue! Because this is not me, nor what I belong to.'
'Similarly, Bhikkhus! Whatever is not yours, you must give up! Give it away,
.... And, bhikkhus! What is not yours? ....'" This is also said:

"It's purely the arising of dhammas,  
Purely the continuation of actions,  
For those who see it truthfully,  
Village chief, he has no fear.  
The world is the same grass and trees;  
When seeing this with wisdom,  
You should not pray for anything else,  
Except no rebirth."  
[Thag.715-717]  

Vajirā Bhikkhuni said this to Māra: [SN.5.10]

"Why do you imagine (there are such things as) 'all beings?'  
Demon! Is that your evil view?  
This is a simple accumulation of various deeds,  
And no sentient beings have been discovered here.  
Like the gathering of parts is called by the word cart,  
Similarly, when there are aggregates, there is the identification of 'all beings.'  
Only the creation of suffering,  
The existence and disappearance of suffering;  
Nothing is generated but suffering,  
And nothing is destroyed but suffering."

This was also said by the Blessed One: [SN.35.246]  
"Similarly, Bhikkhus! Bhikkhus search for physicality until all the interesting
places of physicality are within reach; feeling..., thinking..., doing...,
search for consciousness until all the interesting places of consciousness are
reached, when he searches for physicality, until all feeling..., thinking...,
doing..., exploring knowledge until all the interesting places of consciousness
are timely, wherever the 'I,' or 'mine' or 'I am,' does not exist anymore for
him."

Venerable Ānanda said to the Blessed One: "Being called: 'The world is
emptiness, the world is emptiness,' great virtue! What situation is called 'the
world is emptiness?'" "Ānanda! Because I or what I am is empty, therefore it is
called 'the world is emptiness.' Ānanda! What is empty with me or what I am?
Ānanda! Eyes are empty with me or what I am, forms (with me or what I have) are
empty, and eyes (with me or What I am) is emptiness, and eye contact (in me or
what I am) is emptiness, that is, (anything) that arises from eye contact is
either happy, or suffering, or unpleasant or not unpleasant (in me or me) is
emptiness. The ear is empty..., the sound is empty..., the nose is empty..., the
smell is empty..., the tongue is empty..., the taste is empty..., the body is
empty..., the touch is empty..., the mind is empty..., the dhamma is
emptiness..., consciousness is emptiness..., consciousness is emptiness, that
is, (everything) that arises from mental touch, whether it is happiness, or
suffering, or not suffering or unpleasant, also is to regard me or my being as
empty. Ānanda! Because I or what I am is emptiness, so it is called 'the world
is emptiness.'"

"In him is not found holding on to what I am": "I am holding on," there are two
kinds of holding on to me: .... After renouncing the self-holding of thirst,
...he is the one in whom was not discovered or found the self-holding, those who
did not arrive, those who did not receive.

"He doesn't grieve 'there is no mine'": He doesn't grieve for things that have
changed, ....

> 187 &middot; Those who are not jealous, those who do not follow greed,  
Those who are not disturbed, are equal in everything,  
I call that the benefit,  
When asked about the unshakable.

"Non-jealous, non-greedy, undisturbed, and equivalent everywhere": What is
jealous? ...(omitted, see previous sections). "There is no greed," ....

"Undisturbed, equated everywhere": Disturbance...(omitted, see previous
sections). "Equivalent in all places," everything is called the twelve places:
.... Because the desire and greed within and outside of oneself have been cut
off, ..., this situation that is everything is are abandoned, spit out,
released, cut off, severed. Because of the thirst for love and seeing, and the
conceit have been cut off, ..., he is called equal everywhere. He is like that
in all things, neutral and calm.

"I talk about that benefit, when asked about the unshakable person": When being
questioned; asked; inquired of; requested; asked to make it clear about the
unshakable person, I talk about the four benefits: he is not disturbed,
equivalent in everything, I tell, I explain....

> 188 &middot; The one who is not disturbed,  
The one who knows, he does nothing,  
Having been freed from his efforts,  
He can see stability everywhere.

"The one who is not disturbed, the one who knows": Disturbance .... With the
disturbed state of discontinued as the undisturbed, he does not shake when he
gets it; ...(omitted, see previous sections)."The one who knows," he knows, ...,
and penetrates." All actions are impermanent": ....

"There is nothing to do": The deeds are called blessings, non-blessings, and
immovable actions. Because the blessings, non-blessings, and immovable actions
are cut off, ....

"Escaped from efforts (hard work)": Efforts are called blessings, non-blessings,
....

"He sees stability everywhere": Greed is the creator of fear, anger is the
creator of fear, ignorance is the creator of fear... (omitted), pollution is the
creator of fear. The creator of greed and fear has been abandoned, ... He sees
stability everywhere, no fear everywhere, no disaster everywhere, no danger
everywhere, and no oppression everywhere.

> 189 &middot; Among the same, among the inferior,  
And among the excellent, Muni does not say (he is),  
He is a silent person, a person who is already free from stinginess,  
He does not take or refuse.  
[Like this, the Blessed One (said).]

"Among the same, among the inferior, and among the excellent, Muni does not
say": "Muni," ... "I am the winner," or "I am the same," or "I am the
inferior," he does not say, does not speak, does not talk, does not explain,
does not say.

"He is the silent one, the one who has been free from being miserly": "Silence,"
.... "He is gone from stinginess". There are five kinds of stinginess: ....

"He does not take, does not refuse. [Like this the Blessed One (said)]": "He
does not take," he does not take, ...(omitted, see previous sections). He does
not take. "Does not refuse," ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Blessed One,"
... (omitted, see previous sections).

\newpage
