### 16. Sāriputta

> 190 &middot; [Venerable Sāriputta like this:]  
I had not seen before,  
Nor has anyone heard of it;  
The master of such witty words,  
The master who came from the Tusita heaven.

"I have not seen before": For me, before this, I hadn't seen the Blessed One
with these eyes and this self: When the Blessed One was in the thirty-three-day
realm under the tree of daylight yellow, when I settled down in the rainy
season, he was surrounded by a group of gods and descended from a jewel-made
staircase to the scattered city. This sight was not seen before.

"[Like this Venerable Sāriputta]": "Like this," sentence continuation; sentence
connection; sentence completion; combination of words; connection of words; this
is the order of sentences, which is "like this." "Venerable," this is a language
of love, respect, and obedience. "Sāriputta," the name, title, security, common
name, word, phrase, address.

"Or not heard by anyone": "No" is negative. "Or," the continuation of the
sentence; the connection of the sentence; .... "Anyone," khattiya, or Brāhmaṇa,
or vessa, or sudda, or layman, or bhikkhu, or heaven, or human.

"Such a master of witty (wonderful) words": "Such witty words, good words,
beloved words, pleasant words, (such as) the beautiful sound of beloved birds
roaring. Moreover, the voice that the Blessed One makes from his mouth has eight
(features): clear, knowable, beautiful, elegant, concise, undisturbed, deep, and
magnificent, the Blessed One makes the crowd aware with his voice, and his voice
is not outside the crowd, and the Blessed One is like the voice of Brahma, like
the sound of a beautiful bird.

"Master," The Blessed One is the master, the leader of the caravan, such as the
leader of the caravan makes all living beings cross the danger zone: make them
to cross the danger zone of thieves, ...of beasts, ...of starvation, ...of no
water, he makes it come out, make it overrun, make it pass, make it reach the
ultimate place of stability. In the same way, the Blessed One is the leader of
the caravan, enabling all living beings to cross the danger zone: make them
cross the danger zone of life, ...of old age, ...of disease, death, sorrow,
suffering, worries, despair, greed, anger, ignorance, conceit, seeing (views),
pollution, evil; ...the dense forest (jungle) of greed, ...of anger,
...(omitted); he makes them come out, makes them transcend, makes them reach
stability, non-living, and Nibbāna.

Or, the Blessed One is the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the informer,
the one who makes it deliberate, the one who sees it, and the one who makes it
clear.

Or, the Blessed One is the founder of the unborn Path, the producer of the
unborn Path, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the Path, the knower of
the Path, the acquaintance of the Path, and (his) disciples now live in the
Path, and will be the possessors in the future.

"The lord from the Tusita heaven": "After the Blessed One died from the Tusita
heaven, he entered the womb with mind and knowledge.

Or, the gods of the heavens are called the contented ones, they are the
satisfied ones, the good contented ones, the delighted ones, the happy ones, the
joyful and happy ones who have been born, the lords who came to the heavens. Or,
Arahants are called contented ones, ...(omitted), the one who intends to achieve
consummation, the masters who came to be Arahants. "Masters," the Blessed One is
the master, the "teacher of the group" is the master, the "Master of the group"
is the master, "He who takes care of the group" as the master, "He teaches the
group" as the master, "He admonishes The group" is the master, "he went to see
the group fearlessly" as the master, "(the one whom) the group wants to hear,
listen, and understand with heart" as the master, "after the group appears bad,
he establishes the good" as the master, (he) is the master of the Bhikkhus
(groups), the master of the Bhikkhunis, the master of the male lay devotees, the
master of the female lay devotees, the master of the kings, the master of the
khattiya, the master of the Brāhmaṇas, the master of the vessa, the master of
the sudda, the master of the heaven, the master of the Brahma, the master of the
Saṅgha, the teacher of the community. "Come," arrived, fully arrived, to the
scattered city.

> 191 &middot; The world including the gods,  
If anyone sees it,  
He drives away all darkness  
And alone, gains joy.

"The world including the gods": The world including the gods, the demons, the
Brahma, the generations including the Samaṇas and the Brāhmaṇas, the heavens,
and the people.

"If someone with eyes sees": When the Blessed One sat under the coral tree in
the realm of the thirty-three gods teaching the Dhamma, as the gods saw it, so
mankind saw it; as it appeared to mankind, so it appeared to the gods. Or again,
as some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇa masters who are not the masters are seen as as
such. Those who have been tuned to imprisonment; those who are not silent are
regarded as those who have been silent; those who are not silent are regarded as
those who have ceased; those who have not reached Nibbāna are regarded as having
reached Nibbāna and the like.

"Like fake earrings made of clay,  
Half a penny of copper covered with gold,  
Being covered by the entourage and travels in the world,  
The inner is not pure, the outer is very bright."  
[SN.3.11]

The Blessed One does not look like this. The Blessed One is regarded as having
been adjusted by the truth, truthfulness, fact, correct, uninverted, and
reality; those who have been silent are regarded as having been silent and the
like; have been silent are regarded as those who have ceased, and those who have
reached Nibbāna are regarded as those who have reached Nibbāna. The Buddha and
the Blessed One does not create behaviors, but people with aspirations.

Or, the Blessed One has a clear voice, admiration of the voice of praise, in the
domain of the dragon, the domain of the golden-winged bird, the domain of the
Yakkha, the domain of Asura, the domain of Gandhabba, the domain of the King,
the domain of Indra, the domain of Brahma, the domain of the gods, like this,
like that, and so on.

Or, the Blessed One has ten powers, four fearlessness, four unobstructed
solutions, six super-knowledges, powers, six Buddha Dhammas (chahi
buddhadhammehi), prestige, strength, virtue, vitality, and wisdom. He has seen
and known.

"Good people in the distance appear like the Himalayas,  
Non-good people are not seen here, like arrows thrown at night."  
[Dph.21, 304]

"Eyes," the Blessed One regards the five eyes as 'those who have eyes':
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"After driving away all darkness": All the darkness of greed, the darkness of
hatred, the darkness of ignorance, the darkness of conceit, the darkness of
seeing, the darkness of pollution, the darkness of evil deeds, the darkness of
blindness, no eyesight, no wisdom, the vexing faction, that which does not lead
to Nibbāna; after he has eliminated, removed, abandoned, after discarding, after
being driven away, after finishing, and after making it go to non-existence.

"To alone get joy": "Alone," the Blessed One is alone having become a bhikkhu,
the righteousness without a partner is the alone, the righteousness of the
thirst for love is alone, the "always away from greed" is alone, "always away
from anger" is alone, "always away form the heart" means alone, "always no
pollution" means alone, "has crossed the road without forks" means alone, and
"has already realized single enlightenment" means alone.

How is the Blessed One alone having become a bhikkhu? When the Blessed One was
young, the black-haired youth possessed the happiness of youth. At the beginning
of life, even if the parents didn't want, tearful, crying, and sighing, they
still abandon their relatives, cut off all obstacles in the home, and cut off
the barrier of their children and wife, ...family, ...friend, ...storage, shave
hair and put on robes, go out from home, being a bhikkhu in a non-domestic life,
into a state of no possessions, then walk alone, live, act, go on, guard, and
survive.

How is the Blessed One alone without a partner? When he was such a bhikkhu, he
was alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places):
quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for sitting alone; he
would walk alone, stand alone, sit alone, lie alone, enter the village alone for
alms, go forward alone, return alone, sit alone in a quiet place, perform alone,
live, move, go on, guard, and survive alone.

How is the Blessed One alone with the disruption of thirsting love? He is so
alone and without a partner, when he lived in reluctance, zealous, and
self-effort. Under the Bodhi tree by the Nerañjarā River, with diligence and
effort, destroying the devil (Māra) accompanied by the army, the evil demon, and
the relatives of the relaxed; afterwards, the netted, strong flowing, entangled
thirsty loves, he abandoned, drove away, ended, and made to go to no-existence.

"People who have thirsty love as their partner,  
Reincarnate for a long time,  
Become such a state, other states,  
Do not go beyond reincarnation.  
Knowing this kind of trouble:  
Craving is the origin of suffering,  
Departing from thirsty love, without taking,  
Bhikkhus should march mindfully."  
[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746]

How can the Blessed One be alone with "always away from greed?" The state of
renouncing greed is aloneness, the state of renouncing anger is aloneness, the
state of renouncing delusion is aloneness, the state of announcing pollution is
aloneness.

How is the Blessed One one who "has passed the road without a fork" as alone?
The road without forks is called the Four Mindfulness... (omitted) Eight Sacred
Paths.

"The one who sees the death of life (rebirth), the compassionate one,  
Who knows the way without forks,  
Using this way, they crossed torrents in the past,  
Will cross (in the future), and are (crossing) in the present."  
[SN.47.18]

How is the Blessed One's "Single Enlightenment" being alone? Enlightenment is
called wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment of choice,
investigation, vipassanā, right view on the four realms. The Blessed One
realized that "all actions are impermanent," ..."every collection of dhammas is
extinguished." Or, everything that should be felt, should be conscious, should
be awakened, should be enlightened, should be realized, should be touched,
should be testified, everything is conscious of that consciousness, awakening,
enlightenment, attainment, reaching, testifying.

"To gain joy," "Joy," the joy of abstinence, the joy of separation, the joy of
silence, the joy of enlightenment, he gains, arrives, attains, reaches, and
testifies.

> 192 &middot; The one who is enlightened, the one who does not depend,  
The one like that, the one who does not trick,  
I have come to the Blessed One,  
With a question from those in need  
From the many bound people here.

"The one who is enlightened, the one who does not depend on, the one like that":
"The enlightened one," that is the one who is the world-honored person, the one
who is alone, and the one without a teacher who is now enlightened by the Dhamma
that has not been heard before. The truth is there to reach all states of
knowing, to reach the state of freedom in power. "Enlightened one," what is the
meaning of enlightened one? "The one who feels the truth" is the enlightened
one, the "makes the living being aware"..., the state of all knowing..., the
state of all seeing, and the state that is not guided by others is the
enlightened. Those who have flowed out are the enlightened ones, those who have
exhausted their troubles are given names as enlightened ones, those who have no
troubles..., those who have always been free from greed are enlightened, and
those who have always been free from hatred. For the enlightened person, "the
one who has always been away from ignorance" is the enlightened person, "the one
who has always been free from pollution"..., the one who has crossed the road
without crossroads..., and the one who has been alone-enlightened without being
taught. For the enlightened person, the state of not being killed is the
enlightened person, and the state of being enlightened is the enlightened
person. "Enlightened person," this name is not given (made) by the mother, not
given by the father, not ...by the brothers, ...sisters, ...friends, relatives;
Samaṇas or Brāhmaṇas; not given my heaven, this is ultimate liberation; the
establishment (pseudonym) of the acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the
Blessed One, and the Bodhi tree, together with all knowledge and wisdom, is the
enlightened one.

There are two kinds of dependence for the "non-dependent": the dependence of
craving and the dependence of seeing. What is the dependence of craving? All are
called boundaries (, as realm), as a range, as a boundary, to be grasped, to be
regarded as one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so much of it is mine, and
this range is mine; my form, sound, smell, taste, touch, things on the ground,
coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants,
cows and horses, mules, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins, villages, towns,
capitals, places, treasuries, warehouses, all the land, because they are thirsty
and regard them as their own, all one-hundred-and-eight thirsty trends
[AN.4.199], this is dependence on craving.

What is the refusal to see (views)? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil
views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle (entangled)
views, desert (barren) views, distorted views, shaken views; the clinging,
acceptance, holding, grasping to the bound view, the place where the evil way,
the evil nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion
(vipariyesa), the clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion
(vipallāsa), the grip of the evil, the clasping of evil, the grip of "(seeing)
the real in the unreal," all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views,
which is the refusal to see.

For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the dependence of craving has been cut off,
the dependence of seeing has been cut off, ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Those like that," the Blessed One is like that from five aspects: those who are
satisfied or unsatisfied are like that, those who have been abandoned are like
that, those who have passed through are like that, the "liberated" are those who
are like that.

How is the Blessed One to be like that, whether satisfied or dissatisfied? The
Blessed One is like that in getting; like that in not getting; like that in
(having) reputation; like that in (not having) reputation; ...in praise and
rebuke...; in joy and suffering. Some people use spice on their wrists, and some
people use axes to work: he has no greed in being like that; he has no disgust
in being like that, he has given up greed and dislike, has overcome victory and
defeat, has passed obedience and opposition.

How is the Blessed One's "forsaken" as such? The Blessed One's greed has been
abandoned, spit out, released, cut off, and dismissed; ...anger..., ignorance,
resentment, hiding evil, domineering, stinginess, hypocrisy, cunning,
stubbornness passion, conceit, arrogance, sloth, slacking, all pollution, all
evils, all afflictions, all scorching heat (torment), all irritation, all bad
work has been abandoned, spit out, released, renounced, and dismissed.

How is the Blessed One's "passed over" as such? The violent currents of the
worldly desire have been passed; torrents of being have been passed; the
torrents of seeing have been passed; the violent currents of ignorance have been
passed; all the circuits have been passed, have come out, have crossed, have
overcome, he is the one who has descended, the person who has practiced, the
person who has completed the journey, the person who has reached the direction,
the person who has reached the end, the person who has guarded the Brahma, the
person who has reached the highest view, the person who has practiced the Path,
the person who has cut off the pollution, the unshakable person, the person who
has testified to extermination, for him, the suffering has been known, the
congregation has been abandoned, the Path has been practiced, the extinction has
been testified, the one who has been proved to be known, the knowing can be
known, those who have renounced what should be renounced, those who have been
practiced what should be practiced, and those who have testified what should be
testified. He is the one whose obstacle has been removed, the one whose ditch
has been filled, the one whose pillar has been pulled up, the one who has no
latch, the one whose holy flag has fallen, the one whose burden has been
removed, the one who has separated, the one whose five branches have been cut
off, and the one who has six branches. Those who have one guardian and four
reliances are those whose truths have been removed, those who seek to have
renounced and completely decayed, those who have no turbid intentions, those who
have calmed their lives, those who are kind and free, those who are freed by
wisdom; the highest person, the supreme person, who has achieved the supreme
accomplishment, neither composes nor disassembles, does not accumulate and then
stands; neither gives up nor clings, but stands after giving up; neither
dispelling nor accumulating, staying standing after dispelling; neither
extinguishing nor burning, staying standing after extinguishing [SN.22.79], a
person who has the state of no learning precepts, and a state of no learning
dwelling, the dweller who has the state of wisdom without learning, the dweller
with the state of ignorance of the abundance of knowledge, the dweller who has
the state of emancipation of no learning, the state of wisdom, and the abiding
after completion and penetration of the truth, those who have passed the
disturbance (craving), those who stand after the pollution fire is extinguished,
those who are no longer coming at all, those who have grasped (victory), those
who are free from using, the pure dweller of compassion, the pure dweller of
mercy, the pure dweller of joy, the pure dweller of peace, the pure dweller of
all, the state of of equality, pervasively pure dwellers, those who have been
liberated, those who have been fulfilled, those who are in the ultimate
(boundary), those who are in the world, and those who are the dweller at the
ultimate, the dweller at the ultimate place of coming around, the dweller at the
ultimate rebirth, the dweller at the ultimate end of life (, the dweller at the
end of existence, the dweller at the end of reincarnation, the dweller of the
last body, the dweller of the ultimate cycle, the dweller of the ultimate
walking, the dweller of the supreme at the end), the dweller of the last
gathering (body), the deity who holds the last body.

"This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),  
The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth."

How is the Blessed One's "freed" like that? The Blessed One's heart has been
freed from greed, liberated, and benevolent; ...from anger...; (omitted)....

How is the Blessed One described as being like that? The Blessed One's
description of "the one who holds the precepts in the rules" as the one who is
like that; the one who describes the "believers in the faith" as the one who is
like that; the one who "is vigorous in the vitality"... ...having thoughts in
mind..., concentrated in concentration, wise in wisdom, "there are three minds,"
"six " magical powers in supernatural powers," "ten powers in ten powers"...;
This is the Blessed One as a person like that. The one who is enlightened, the
one who does not depend, the one like that.

"Non-tricking, those who come to the Blessed One": "Non-tricking," three kinds
of trickery: ...(omitted, see previous sections). For the Buddha and the Blessed
One, these three kinds of tricks: tricks to use resources, tricks of deportment,
and tricks of talking all around for gain have been cut off, severed, calmed
down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, so the Buddha
is non-tricking.

"He who comes to the master," the master, ....

"Here, belonging to many bound people": Belongs to many khattiya, .... "Belongs
to the bound," belongs to the bound, belongs to the attendant, belongs to the
servant, belongs to the disciples.

"The needy come with questions": I come with questions as needed, I come if I
want to ask questions, and I come if I want to hear questions. Or, the inquiries
that belong to the question are in need, those who want to ask questions, and
those who want to hear, there will be those who need to come, approach, and
visit. Or, when you have a question, you can and you have enough reason to tell
and answer the question I asked, please bear this burden.

> 193 &middot; When the bhikkhu is repulsed,  
Close to the empty seat,  
Or under a tree, between a mound, or in a cave,

"When a bhikkhu is repulsed": "A bhikkhu," a virtuous bhikkhu, or a learned
bhikkhu. "To be repulsed," repulsed by birth, repulsed by old age, ...sickness,
...death, sadness, suffering, worry, despair, the hell world, animal world,
hungry ghost world, human world, being rooted in the suffering of being born, in
the fetus, in birth, suffering being bound by birth, ...the suffering of effort,
of others' efforts; ...of eye disease, ear disease, ...nose..., tongue, body,
head, external ear, mouth, tooth, cough, gasping, external nose, fever, old age,
abdominal disease, being unconscious, dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera,
leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, scabies, rheumatism, scratches
(skin disease), dry and cracked skin, bloody, gall bladder, diabetes,
hemorrhoids, rashes (boils), ulcers; disease caused by the gall, ...by sputum,
...wind, (three) groups, change of seasons, improper posture, sudden disease,
...born by kamma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst, feces, urine; ...the contact of a
fly mosquito, wind, sun, snake; ...the bereavement of the mother, ...father,
brother, sister, family, possessions, the loss of disease, loss of virtue, loss
of sight; being repulsed, distressed, anxious, and disgusted.

"Close to the unmanned seat": The place where he sits is called a seat:
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Or under the tree or between the mound": The underneath of the tree is under
the tree, and the mound is between the mound. "Or in the cave": The mountain is
the mountain, the cave is the cave (cavern), and the cave is the cave (grotto);
the inner body of the mountain is called the cave of the mountain.

> 194 &middot; In all kinds of sleeping places,  
How many terrible (things) are there,  
(Because of which a) bhikkhu should not tremble,  
In a quiet place?

"In all kinds of sleeping places": In all kinds of places, in all kinds,
inferior and triumphant, pure and evil. Houses, dwellings, half-roof houses,
tall buildings, flat houses, and caves are called sleeping places. "How many
terrible (things) are there": "How many," how many tweets, roars, sounds
produced. Or, "how many," how many, how numerous, to what extent. "Fearful":
lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves, bison, elephants, snakes,
scorpions, centipedes, or thieves or gangsters who do bad things or are ready to
do bad things.

"(A) bhikkhu should not tremble because of those": "Because of those," because
he should not tremble after seeing or hearing those terrible (things), should
not tremble (strong tremor), should not tremble greatly, should not be afraid,
should not be fearful, should not be afraid all over, should not come to fear,
should be the one who is not cowardly, the one who is not frightened, the one
who is not afraid, the one who does not run away, should dwell in having cut off
fear of horror, having left the (state of) body hair standing on end.

"In a quiet place": In a place where there is no sound, a quiet place, away from
the human atmosphere, alone, suitable for sitting alone.

> 195 &middot; How many dangers are there in the world,  
For those who have not been to the direction,  
Among which Bhikkhus should conquer,  
Living on the frontier?

"How many dangers are there in the world": "How many," .... "Danger," there are
two kinds of dangers: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "In the world," in
the human world.

"To those who have not traveled in the direction": "The direction that has not
been visited" is called non-living, Nibbāna, which is the cessation of all
actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed,
extinction, Nibbāna. The direction that has not been visited before, not the
direction that has been visited before; this long journey.

Like transporting an oil bowl is completely full to the edge, like this, those
should guard the heart who have never been to the direction before. Those who
have not been in the direction before, those who walked, those who walked
forward.

"Those, bhikkhus should conquered": "Those," those perils he should conquer,
should defeat, should overwhelm, should end, should crushed.

"Dwelling on the border": On the border, on the edge, on the frontier, by the
mountain, or by the forest, or by the river, or by the water, where it is not
cultivated or sown, human limits, after passing, people will not approach the
lying place.

> 196 &middot; What language should there be?  
What state should there be?  
What kind of precepts and prohibitions should be imposed,  
Which belong to the self-effort of the bhikkhu?

"What language should there be?": "What kind of language should be like, what
kind of establishment, what kind, and what kind of contrast." He asked about the
purity of speech. What is the purity of speech? Here, after the bhikkhu abandons
his words, ...(omitted, see previous sections). ...cautious, discrete, guarded,
protected, and self-controlling words are all pure words. One should have the
purity of speech like this.

"What kind of state should be here?": "There should be a state that looks like
what, what kind of establishment, what kind, and what kind of contrast." He
asked about the state. There are the state of affairs and the state of
non-state.

What is non-prosperity? Here, a certain type of people are with prostitutes,
widows, unmarried women, eunuchs, or bhikkhuni [AN.5.102], or someone who is at
a drinking establishment, he lives in inappropriate contact with kings, high
officials, outsiders, and disciples. Or, for those who are unbelievers,
bhikkhuni, male lay devotees, female lay devotees, those who have no faith,
those who not are like a supply of water, abusive and slanderous, those who
desire no benefit, those who desire no profit, those who desire no peace, if he
wants to stay close to the stable homes, he gets close to, makes friends with,
and visits such homes.

Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to his home, a walker on the street, he walks
unprotected: ...(omitted, see previous sections).

Or, the bhikkhu will become the grasper of the form and the grasper of the
subtle form ...(omitted, see previous sections).

Or if some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇa masters received food offered by faith,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

The five desires are also non-promotional states. This was said by the Blessed
One: "Bhikkhus! Don't walk in an improper state or other state. Bhikkhus! Those
who walk in the improper state or other state, the demon will get the
opportunity, the demon will get the object. Bhikkhus! What are the improper
states and other states of bhikkhus? That is: five desires, which five? The form
that can be recognized by the eye, which is desirable, lovely, desirable,
attractive, accommodating, and greedy; the sound..., smell, tongue, touch...
[SN.47.7]. Bhikkhus! This is called the improper state of the bhikkhu, other
states."

What is travel? Here, the bhikkhu is not with a prostitute, a widow, an
unmarried woman, a eunuch, a bhikkhuni, or at a drinking establishment. He lives
in communication with the kings, high officials, foreign ministers, and foreign
disciples appropriately. Or, those who have faith in Bhikkhus, Bhikkhunis, male
lay devotees, female lay devotees, those who have faith, are pure believers,
those who have become like a water supply, those who have robes and lights,
those who are well-wishing, those who desire benefits, those who desire
advantages, desire to leave the harness and stable homes, he gets close to,
makes friends with, and visits homes like this.

Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to his home, ....

Or, after the bhikkhu sees form with his eyes, ....

Or if some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇa masters received food offered by faith, ....

Four-mindfulness is the state of mind. This was said by the Blessed One:
"Bhikkhus! What is the proper state of the bhikkhu, the state of his father and
grandfather? That is: Four mindfulness, which four are? Bhikkhus! Here, the
bhikkhu lives in the body and observes the body (, with enthusiasm, righteous
knowledge, mindfulness, can moderate the greed and worry about the world); in
the feeling..., in the heart..., in the Dhamma.... Bhikkhus! This is the proper
state of the bhikkhu, the state of his father and grandfather." This is also
known as the state of travel. One should have a situation like this.

"What kind of precepts and prohibitions should there be": "There should be what
kind of precepts and prohibitions, what kind of establishment, what kind, and
what kind of contrast." He asked about the purity of precepts and prohibitions.
What are precepts and prohibitions? ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"It belongs to the self-effort of the bhikkhu": "It belongs to the self-effort,"
it belongs to the energy that has been activated, the one who has come to
fortitude, the firm effort, the one that does not neglect the desire, and the
one that does not neglect the responsibility in the good Dhamma. Or, the goal
that belongs to oneself is issued in one's own interests, in truth,
characteristics, reason and non-reason: "All actions are impermanent" are issued
by oneself; "all actions are suffering" ....; "all actions are without self"
....; "actions based on ignorance are the cause of self," "birth and death cause
old age and death," "death due to ignorance leads to deeds and death," "birth
and death lead to death and death," "this is suffering," "this is the path
leading to suffering," "this is trouble," "this is the path leading to the
troubles," "these dhammas should be known," "these dhammas should be testified,"
the six touches, the gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and detachment of
the entrance...; the five aggregates..., four major aggregates; "Any collection
of dhammas is an extinction" is issued by oneself. "Belonging to a bhikkhu," one
which belongs to a bhikkhu, or someone who learns from a bhikkhu.

> 197 &middot; What should he learn after taking up,  
Being dedicated, wise, and mindful,  
Like a smith to silver,  
Should he get rid of his own filth?

"What should he learn after taking up": What should he learn after grasping,
after holding, after taking, after taking up.

"Dedicated (exclusively), wise, mindful": "Dedicated," one state of mind,
undistracted mind, stable mind, samādhi, fixed root, concentration, right
concentration." "Wise," ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Mindful,"
...(omitted, see previous sections). "What should he learn after accepting?" He
asked about adding precept knowledge. "Specifically," he asked to learn more.
"Wisdom," he asked about wisdom knowledge.

"As a smith deals with silver, he should get rid of his own filth": A smith is
called a goldsmith, and silver is called gold (precious metal). As a smith deals
with gold, he blows, fans, and melts [AN.3.102] the gross filth, and also blows,
fans, and dissolves medium dirt, and blows, fans, and dissolves fine dirt.
Similarly, bhikkhus blow, fan, and dissolve their own gross pollution, cut off,
drive away, end, and make it to go to non-existence. ...moderate pollution...,
...fine pollution....

Or, bhikkhus blow, fan the fire, dissolve the filth of greed, the filth of
anger, the filth of ignorance, the filth of conceit, the filth of seeing, the
filth of pollution, the filth of evil deeds, of blindness, of no sight, the
filth of delusion, of that which destroys wisdom, of the vexing factions, and
that which does not lead to Nibbāna [AN.3.72]; abandon, drive away, end, and
make them go to non-existence.

Or, using the right view to blow, ..., and make it go to non-existence. Take the
righteous will..., the evil will..., righteous language, evil language,
righteous kamma, evil kamma, ...fate..., words, effort, thoughts, concentration,
wisdom; using positive liberation to blow, ..., and make it go to non-existence.

Or, to us the eight holy paths to blow, fan the fire, dissolve all pollution,
all evil deeds, all afflictions, all scorching heat, all irritation, all
unwholesome deeds, cut off, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence.

> 198 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Sāriputta!"]  
For the repulsed, being close to the unmanned seat  
And sleeping place is indeed peace.  
The one who wants to be enlightened will follow the Dhamma,  
I will say that for you as the one who knows it.

"For those who are repulsed..., that is peace": "For those who are repulsed,"
For those who are repulsed, ...(omitted). "That is peace," whoever lives in
peace will be told by me. What is a happy life? The correct path, the following
path, ...(omitted, see previous sections), his is the path to Nibbāna.

"[The Blessed One: 'Sāriputta!']": Calling that person by his name. "Blessed
One," ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"The one who desires enlightenment follows the Dhamma": "Enlightenment" is
called wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, dhamma enlightenment,
investigation, vipassanā, right view, the enlightened one on the four paths.
Those who want to be enlightened, those who want to be awakened, those who want
to get, those who want to reach, those who want to testify.

"According to the Dhamma": What is the path of enlightenment? The path that is
correct, ..., and right knowledge. This is called the following Dhamma of
enlightenment.

"I will say that for you as the one who knows": "That," according to the way. "I
will say," I will say, I will explain, I will teach, I will tell, I will
establish, I will uncover, I will analyze, I will clarify. "As the knower," as
the knower, the sure knower, one who has penetrated, not from hearsay, not from
rumor, not from inheritance, not from the teachings of the scriptures, not from
logical inference, not from reasoning, not from theoretical thinking, not from
the insights accepted after contemplation, the method that is personally proven
and self-proven, I will say that.

> 199 &middot; The wise man should not be afraid of the five types of horrors,  
The thoughtful and bounded bhikkhu:  
Flies, moths, snakes,  
Human contact, four-legged animals.

"The wise man should not be afraid of the five horrors": The wise man is the
wise, ...(omitted, see previous sections). The wise man should not be afraid of
the five horrors, should not have fear, should not tremble, should not be
afraid, ....

"A Bhikkhu with mindfulness and boundedness": "Bhikkhu," ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Mindful," .... "Bounded," There are four kinds of limits in
"bounded action": the limits of abstinence self-control, the limits of root
self-control, the limits of knowing the right amount of diet, and the limits of
specializing in soberness.

What is the limit of abstinence? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and
is protected by the self-control of the Pātimokkha. He has sufficient
righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns
after accepting from a teacher. When examining the state of internal decay, he
practiced the internal precepts of self-control, not breaking the boundaries.
This is the precept of self-control.

What is the limit of self-control? Here, after the bhikkhu sees the form with
his eyes, he does not become a grasper of the aspect, a grasper of the subtle
aspect... (omitted) he achieves self-control at the base of his eyes. After
hearing the sound with ears..., smelling with the nose..., after tasting with
the tongue..., after touching with the body..., after knowing the Dhamma with
consciousness, ...., because the when the root of mind is not protected, greed,
sorrow and evil will flow in. He acts according to his self-control, protects
the root of mind, and achieves self-control on the root of mind. When examining
the burning method, he practices internal self-control boundaries and does not
break the boundaries. This is the root self-control boundary.

What is the dietary knowledge limit? Here, the bhikkhu eats food after
inspection: "Neither for pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for a good figure,
not for dignity, but for the existence and survival of this body, to stop harm,
and to support the Brahma. In this way, I will repel the previous feelings, not
arouse new feelings, be healthy, without fault, and live in peace." When
examining the oiling of the axles, the coverage of sores [SN.35.239], and the
analogy of the son's meat [SN.12.63], he practiced the internal boundary to know
the right amount, not breaking the boundaries, this is the limit of knowing the
right amount of of diet as self-control.

What is the limit of specializing in sobriety? Here, during the day, the bhikkhu
cleanses the mind from obstacles by walking and sitting peacefully. During the
first (watch of the) night, by walking and sitting peacefully, the mind should
be purified from obstacles. In the middle of the night, lying on the right side
as a lion, put the (left) foot on the (right) foot, with mindfulness and
righteous knowledge, contemplating. In the latter night, by walking and sitting
still, the mind should be purified from obstacles [SN.35.120]. When the virtuous
inspects overnight [MN.131], he will focus on the internal sober boundaries,
without breaking the boundaries, this is the root of self-control.

"Flies, moths, snakes": Gadflies are called flies. All (other) flies are called
moths. For what reason are all flies called moths? They fly up and bite again
and again, for this reason all flies are called moths. Snakes (crawlers) are
called snakes.

"Contact with people, with four-legged animals": Thieves and hooligans who do
bad things or prepare to do bad things are called contact with people. They may
ask a bhikkhu questions, or join in discussions, abuse, slander, anger, annoy,
hurt, distress, kill, irritate, or harm. Any contact that is annoying from human
beings. "Four-legged animals," lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves,
bison, and elephants, they will crush, eat, hurt, distress, kill, annoy, or harm
the bhikkhu. The irritation from four-legged animals is the terror of all
four-legged animals.

> 200 &middot; You should not be afraid of other practitioners (of other teachings):  
Even after seeing (in) them many terrible things,  
It is more important to conquer all dangers, good seekers.

"You should not be afraid of other Dhamma persons, even if you see in them many
terrible things": People of other Dhammas, anyone who has not yet believed in
the Buddha, Dhamma, or Saṅgha is called other Dhamma persons. They may ask the
Bhikkhu questions, or adding discussion, or insulting, slandering, irritating,
angering, hurting, distressing, killing, annoying, or hurting. Many of them
(these things) are terrible. After seeing this, he should not tremble, ....

"We should conquer all dangers, good seekers": "Further," there are things that
should be conquered, those that should be defeated, those that should be
overwhelmed, and those that should be terminated, should be crushed. "Danger,"
there are two kinds of danger: .... "Good follower," correct path ..., and path
leading to Nibbāna, to seek, to seek all over the crisis should be conquered,
should be defeated, ....

> 201 &middot; Being touched by illness and hunger,  
One should endure cold and heat,  
The homeless man is touched by all those kinds of things,  
And he should be strong in vitality and hard work.

"Contact with sickness and suffering, contact with hunger": Contact with
sickness and suffering is called contact with disease. To be touched, tortured,
combined, possessed by contact with disease: to be touched, tortured, combined,
possessed by eye diseases; by ear disease ...(omitted). Hunger is called hunger.
To be touched by hunger, tortured, combined, possessed.

"One should endure cold and heat": "Cold," there is cold due to two factors:
cold due to inner excitement, or cold due to external seasons. "Heat" refers to
the existence of heat due to two factors: heat exists due to internal
excitement, or heat exists due to external seasons. "Should endure," should it
be cold, heat, hunger, thirst, and the contact with fly mosquitoes, winds, suns,
and snakes, one should endure. Should it be the occurrence of insults, slander,
and physical suffering, intense, violent, undesirable, extremely undesirable,
life-threatening, and the like (, one should endure).

"He who is homeless is touched by those": "He is touched by those," will be
touched by sickness, .... "Various kinds (those)," "Will be touched, ...by all
kinds of behaviors." He is touched by those kinds of things. "The homeless," The
opportunity of accumulation by consciousness is not made. [SN.22.3]. Or, to not
have the opportunity to do bad things in the body, words, and intentions.

"Energetic, (with) hard work, he should be firm": the motivation of the vitality
of the mortal heart, diligence, hard work, courage, endeavor, fortitude,
non-shrinking, perseverance, continuous, non-relaxed courage, non-giving up
desire state, non-negligence state of responsibility, the support of
responsibility, vitality, the root of vitality, the power of vitality, and the
right progress are called vitality and effort. "Vitality, effort, he should be
firm": Vitality, effort, he should be firm, he should be firm, he should be a
firm holder, an established bearer.

> 202 &middot; You should not steal or speak vainly,  
And should reach the weak and the strong with kindness.  
Whenever the mind is cloudy,  
He should know that he should dispel the side of the "dark one."

"Should not steal, should not speak vainly": "Should not steal," Here, after the
bhikkhu refuses to give and takes, he should be the one who has not given and
taken, the one who has been given, those who are given should be expected; they
should live not to steal and to be a clean one. "Should not speak vainly," Here,
after the bhikkhu abandons the lie, he should be free from being those who speak
falsely, those who speak truthfully, those who are truthful, those who are
reliable, those who can be trusted, and those who do not deceive the world.

"The weak and the strong should be touched with kindness": "Kindness," all
beings, with kindness, compassion, mercy, sympathy, pity, altruism, no malice,
no harm, no harm afflicted, good-rooted person. The "cowards (weak)" are those
who tremble, their thirst, and those who have not been cut off, as well as those
who are terrified and afraid of not being cut off. For what reason are they
called the cowards? They tremble, fear, terror, come to fear, and for this
reason they are called cowards. "Strong ones" are those who have been cut off
from trembling and thirst, and those who have been cut off from fear and fear.
For what reason are they called the strong? They don't tremble or fear, no
terror, no fear, not afraid, for this reason they are called strong." The weak
and the strong should be touched with kindness": The weak and the strong should
be touched and filled with kindness, with the heart of walking with kindness,
with the vastness, the excellence, the immeasurable, and no resentment, fill the
whole world with an innocent heart and live there.

"Whenever the mind is cloudy, he should know": "Whenever" is whenever. "Mind"
refers to all the mind, intention, heart, mind, white (purified), mind root,
consciousness, consciousness accumulation, corresponding to that consciousness.
Acting evil with the body, the mind becomes turbid, agitated, moving, impacting,
fluctuating, rotating, and restless; acting evil with words ...(omitted),
...with intention..., greed, affliction, ignorance, ...(omitted). "Whenever the
mind is cloudy, he should know": He should know and should understand the
clouded state of the mind.

"He should drive away from side of the 'dark one'": "Darkness," that is the
relatives of the demon, the ruler of darkness, the one who has reached the
limit, and the outcast. The dark side is the devil's side, the devil's catching
net, the devil's fishing hook, the demon's food, the demon's realm, the demon's
residence, the demon's travel state, and the demon's bondage. It should be made
to go to non-existence. Or, the dark side is the devil's side, the unwholesome
side, the one that causes suffering, the one that leads to hell, the one that
leads to the animal world, and the one that leads to the hungry ghost world. He
should abandon, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence.

> 203 &middot; One should not fall into the control of anger or arrogance;  
After digging out their roots one should stand still,  
Secondly, that which is desirable or not desirable,  
The survivor should indeed conquer.

"One should not fall into the control of anger, or arrogance": "Anger,"
...(omitted, see previous sections). "Arrogance," ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "Should not fall into the control of anger and arrogance": Should not
fall into the control of anger and arrogance, anger and arrogance should be
discarded, driven away, terminated, and should be made to go to non-existence.

"After digging out their roots, they should stand still": What is the root of
anger? Ignorance is the root, also reasoning is the root, conceit is the root,
being without shame is the root, stubbornness is the root. This is the root of
anger. What is the root of arrogance? Ignorance is the root, .... This is the
root of arrogance. "After digging out their roots, they should stand still":
Anger and arrogance roots should be dug out, after pulling out, after digging
out, after taking out, after removing, after completely removing, after cutting
off, after driving away, after making to end, after making them go to
non-existence, one should stand still, and stand still completely.

"Secondly, the lovable or unlovable, the survivors should indeed conquer":
"Secondly," the continuation of sentences; the linking of sentences; the
consummation of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of phrases;
this is the order of sentences, which is "Secondly." "Lovely," there are two
kinds of loveliness: ...(omitted, see previous sections). "Indeed," this is the
decisive language, the undoubted language, the confident language, the
non-duality, the undoubted reading, the command language, the error-free
language (, the non-failure language), this is the word of confirmation, which
is "Indeed." "Secondly, the lovable or unlovable, the winner should indeed
conquer": lovable, unlovable; desirable, undesirable; happy, bitter; joy,
sorrow; desirable, unacceptable, the conqueror should conquer, or the victor
should conquer.

> 204 &middot; After wisdom is placed in the front, when there is good joy,  
Those dangers should be overcome,  
One should conquer the unhappiness of lying on the borders,  
And should conquer the four ways of weeping.

"Wisdom is placed in the front, and there is good joy": "Wisdom," ...(omitted,
see previous sections). "Wisdom is placed in the front," here, a certain type of
people put wisdom in front and walk behind. Wisdom is the flag, wisdom is the
banner, wisdom is the increase, discriminating more, discriminating more simply,
think more deeply, think more completely, and live as those who understand,
those who have character, those who have more, those who emphasize, those who
target that, those who work hard, those who lean toward them, those who overcome
them, those who improve, those who have more character, those who have more, the
one who emphasizes that, the one who takes that as the object, the one who works
hard, the one who leans to the one who overcomes, the one who increases.

Or, when walking, he knows: "I walk." Or, when standing, he knows: "I stand."
Or, when sitting, he knows: "I'm sitting." Or, when lying down, he knows: "I'm
lying down." Or, he knows as the movement of the body.

Or, "When you move forward and backward, you are rightly aware of the actor;
when looking forward and backward, you are rightly aware of the actor; when (the
body) is bent and stretched, ...; in (wearing) clothes, holding bowls and coats,
...; right-knowing of the actor when drinking, eating, chewing, and tasting;
being right-knowing of the actor when urinating and defecating; being
right-knowing of the actor when walking, living, sitting, lying, awake,
speaking, and silent." [MN.10/DN.22]

"Good happiness," happiness arises because of Buddha remembrance, and happiness
is good happiness. ...because of the Dhamma..., ...because of bhikkhu
remembrance..., precepts, alms, heavens, in and out breath, death, body,
silence... [AN.1.297] joy arises, and joy is good joy.

"Those dangers should be suppressed": "Dangers," there are two kinds of dangers:
.... "Those dangers should be suppressed": Those dangers should be suppressed,
should be defeated, should be overwhelmed, should be terminated, should be
crushed.

"One should conquer the unhappiness of lying on the border": "Unhappy," whoever
is not happy, unhappy, greatly unhappy, extremely unhappy, dissatisfied, and in
horror. "Lying on the border," if he is unhappy in the frontier residence, or in
a higher virtuous dhamma, he should conquer, be victorious, overwhelm, ....

"Four ways of weeping should be conquered": Four ways of weeping should be
conquered, should be conquered all over, should be defeated, ...

> 205 &middot; What will I eat, or where will I eat?  
I did not sleep well, or where will I sleep today?  
These weeping reflections, scholars should temper,  
The homeless walker.

"What will I eat, or where will I eat": "What will I eat," What kind of rice, or
porridge, or noodles, or fish, or meat, will I eat. "Where will I eat," Where
will I take it (food): in the khattiya family, or in the Brāhmaṇa family, or in
the vessa family, or in the sudda family?

"Indeed I did not sleep well, or where will I sleep today": I did not sleep well
this night: on a wooden board, or on a small mat, or on a leather cushion, or on
a grass mat, or on a leaf mat, or on a straw mat. Where will I sleep at night:
on the bed, or sitting on the bed, or on a cushion, or on a long pillow, or in
the bhikkhu's room, or in a half-roofed house, or in a tall building, or in a
flat house, or in the cave?

"These weeping reflections": "These reflections" are two reflections related to
feeding and two reflections related to dwelling. The ones that will weep are the
ones that will weep. The ones that will cry are the ones that will weep.

"Scholars should temper, homeless walkers": "Scholars," why are they called
scholars? "He learns" as a scholar. What does he study? He learns to increase
precepts, he also learns to increase mind, and he also learns to increase
wisdom. ...(omitted, see previous sections). These three learnings, he learns
when facing (noting); .... He is called a scholar for this reason. In order to
temper, eliminate, let go, calm down, cut off, dismiss, and stop, he should
learn to increase precepts, he should also learn to increase mind, and he should
also learn to increase wisdom. These three learnings should be learned when
facing (noting); ....

"A homeless traveler," how is a traveler at home? Here, a certain type of people
has the obstacles of home, the obstacles of the group (the crowd), ...of
residence, clothing, group meal, accommodation, patients' needs and medical
necessities. This is the home traveller. What is a homeless traveler? Here, the
bhikkhu does not have the obstacles of home, the obstacles of the group, ....

"To Māgadha, to Kosala,  
And some in the Vajjīan area,  
Bhikkhus walk without bonds to land like a wild deer,  
And live without shelter."  
[SN.9.4]

"Wandering is good, living skilfully is good,  
Homelessness is always good,  
Asking about meaning, skilled behaviour,  
This is the Samaṇa form for one without all."  
[Thag.1.36]

> 206 &middot; After getting food and clothes at the right time,  
He should know the right amount and be content here.  
Guarded in those (things), and self-controlled in the village,  
He shouldn't speak harsh words even when provoked.

"After getting food and clothes in a timely manner": "Food," rice, porridge,
noodles, fish, meat. "Clothes" include six types of clothing: linen, cotton,
silk, sweater, burlap, and hemp. "After obtaining food and clothes in a timely
manner": After obtaining clothes, after obtaining food: with no tricks, no talk,
no hints, no sarcasm, no gains in exchange for other benefits, no wood
donations, not using bamboo to give objects, do not give objects with leaves, do
not give objects with flowers, do not give objects with bathing cloth, do not
use washing powder, do not use clay, do not use tooth wood, do not use face wash
cloth, no flattery, no confession, no slander, no homestead (domestication), no
animal, no astrology, no acting as an envoy, no dispatching an envoy, not to run
errands, not to use medical treatment(, not to build a new job), not to give
food or to give in return, not to give by charity, after he obtains, after
obtaining, after acquiring, and possessing properly by the dhamma, after
receiving.

"He should know the right amount to be satisfied here": "He should know the
right amount," he should know the right amount in two ways: from receiving or
from using. How to know the right amount from receiving? Even if there are only
some things to be given, he accepts it out of pity for the (donor)'s house,
guarding the (donor)'s house, and pity for the (donor)'s house; although there
are many things to be given, he accepts and protects the abdomen only by clothes
that protect the body he accepted. This is to know the right amount from
acceptance. How to know the right amount from use?

The clothes used after inspection: only for the defense of cold, the defense of
heat, the defense of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and the snake, and
the hiding of the genitals.

It is for the sake of being used and fed after inspection: neither for pleasure,
nor for intoxication, not for a good figure, not for dignity, but only for the
existence and survival of this body, to stop harm, and to support the Brahma. In
this way, I will repel the previous feelings, not arouse new feelings, be
healthy, without fault, and live in peace.

Responsible residence after inspection: only for the defense of cold, the
defense of the heat, the defense of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and
the snake, the removal of the climate hazard, the joy of sitting alone.

After the inspection, the patient's necessities and medical necessities are
used: just for the defense of the feeling of annoyance that has arisen, and at
most for not being angry. [MN.2]

He should know the right amount for use in this way. "He should know the right
amount," From these two aspects, he should know and should understand the right
amount.

"The righteous principle that is satisfied here," here, the bhikkhu is a person
who is satisfied with whatever clothes, and is a person who praises whatever
clothes, is satisfied. He does not come to improper desires because of clothes,
and when he cannot get clothes he does not tremble, is not greedy for them, not
faint, innocent, having seen that disadvantage, come to use it with wisdom
[SN.16.1], and he doesn't regard these clothes as satisfying and praise himself
with contempt for others. Those who are skilled, not lazy, right-knowing, and
mindful there are known as the bhikkhus living in the highest holy caste
[DN.33/AN.4.28].

Furthermore, the bhikkhu is a person who is satisfied with whatever food is
given, ...(omitted).

Furthermore, the bhikkhu is a person who is satisfied with whatever dwelling
place, ...(omitted).

Furthermore, the bhikkhu is a person who has satisfied the needs and medical
necessities of any patient, ...(omitted).

"He is a guardian in those and has self-control in the village": "He is a
guardian in those," he is a guardian and protector in clothes, food, shelter,
the necessities of patients, and medical necessities. The guardian, the
protector. Or, he is the guardian, the protector, the guardian in all places.

"In the village he is the self-controlled walker," in the village he is the
self-controlled, the prudent, the circumspect, the guardian, and the protector.

"Even when provoked, he should not say harsh words": When he is slandered,
reprimanded, defamed, annoyed, humiliated, or insulted, he shouldn't speak back
violently, should not argue, scold and insult, should not provoke anger, should
not argue back [SN.7.2], should not quarrel, should not dispute, he should
abandon, should drive away, ....

> 207 &middot; Those with downward eyes and those who do not wander,  
Those who are devoted to jhāna, and those who are more sober,  
After going into a calm state,  
He should cut off the intention of thinking and regret.

"The one with the eyes down and the one that does not wander": How are the eyes
confused? ...(omitted, see previous sections). How are the eyes not confused?
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"And non-wandering," how is it wandering? ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"With non-wandering," he should abandon the wandering nature, should be driven
away, should end, should make it go to non-existence. He should be separated
from wandering, abstained, departed, detached, left, freed, detached from
bondage, he should live away from being restricted, he should become a person
who is willing to sit alone and loves to sit alone, those who do not despise
jhāna, those who have spectators, those who gain vacant houses, meditators,
those who love jhāna, the practitioners of unity, admirer of his own interests.

"Those who are devoted to jhāna are more sober": "Those who are devoted to
jhāna" are devoted to jhāna in two ways: for the emergence of unarisen first
jhāna to become harnessed, strongly harnessed, fully harnessed, or for the
second jhāna that has not arisen... (omitted), the third jhāna...., the fourth
jhāna.... Or, has been born in the first jhāna practice, practice, and more
practice, or the second jhāna..., the third jhāna..., has a fourth jhāna
practice, practice, practice more.

"More sober ones." Here, the bhikkhu purifies the mind from obstacles by walking
and sitting peacefully during the day, ....

"When you begin to calm down, you will be in the state of concentration":
"Peace," that is the peace in the fourth jhāna, carelessness, onlooking, the
cessation of the mind, the equality of the mind, the tranquil state of the mind,
and the neutral state of the mind. "Stable state," that is the mind's cessation,
stability, undistracted, stable mind, concentration, fixed root, and samādhi.
"The state of concentration after beginning to become calm": in the fourth
jhāna, one becomes in a state of quiet mind, not chaotic, and calm.

"He should sever the intention of thinking and regret": "Thinking," there are
nine types of thought: wanting thinking, malevolent thinking, harmful thinking,
thinking of family, thinking of land, thinking of undeath, thinking of sympathy
with others, thinking of respect and reputation, and thinking related to not
being scorned. For him, he has intention for wanting thinking, malevolent
thinking.... Or, intention for ignorant thinking, contemplating, and pondering;
improper thinking...; conceit...; pride...; recklessness...; haughtiness....

"Regret," ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"He should cut off the intention of thinking and regret": The intention of
seeking and thinking and regret should be cut off, severed, destroyed, should be
driven away, should be ended, should be made to cease to exist.

> 208 &middot; When urged by words he should be mindful and rejoice,  
He should destroy the barrenness of fellow Brāhmaṇas,  
He should express kind words (but) not exceed the limit,  
He should not intend to dispute the dhamma of people.

"When urged by words he should be mindful and rejoice": "Urged," by a teacher,
or noble one, or someone who is equivalent to a teacher, or a friend, or
acquaintance, or a close person, or a companion reprimands: "Mendicants! This is
inappropriate for you; this is something you haven't achieved; this is not
suitable for you; this is for the benefit of you without precepts." After
remembering the urging, he should rejoice, should be happy, should should want,
should accept, should hope, should pray. For example, a young woman or man who
likes to decorate her head has washed her head and gets a green lotus flower
ring, a big jasmine flower wreath, and a head garland, which can be received
with both hands and worn on the top of the head. [MN.5] He should rejoice,
should be happy, should want, should accept, should hope, should pray.

"As one who points out a treasure, he who sees sin should see him,  
The accuser, the wise, the wise person like that should be close,  
A close person like that can only be better than evil.  
May he teach and admonish, may he protect from the despicable,  
He is indeed loved by the good and not loved by the bad."  
[Dha. 76-77]

"Those who are urged by words should be mindful and rejoice, and the desolation
of the fellow Brāhmaṇa should be destroyed": "The fellow (same) Brāhmaṇa," of
the same behavior, the same vow, the same learner. "The desolation of the same
Brāhmaṇa, he should destroy," he should destroy the state of the striking heart
of the fellow Brāhmaṇa, and the state of arising callousness. There are five
kinds of heart barrenness [MN.16] he should break, and there are three kinds of
barren [SN.45.166] he also should break: the barrenness of greed, the barrenness
of anger, the barrenness of ignorance should be broken, should be destroyed,
should be completely broken.

"He should express good words (but) not beyond the limit": "He should speak
wisely and wait for words that have benefits, have the dhamma, with appropriate
timing, reason, and restraint, he should express and should speak. "(But) not
exceed the limit," "Boundary," there are two kinds of boundaries: the limit of
the right time and the limit of the precepts. What is the limit of the right
time? Words for which the right time has passed he should not say, words that
have passed the boundaries should not be said, words that have passed the
boundaries should not be said at the right time, words that will come in the
future at the right time should not be said, and words that will come in the
future should not be said at the right time. He shouldn't say words dependent on
timing and boundaries in the future.

"He who indeed comes at the right time,  
And speaks for a protracted time,  
He is is judged to sleep,  
Like the son of a cuckoo."  
[Jat.4.121]

This is the boundary of appropriate timing. What are the limits of precepts? He
shouldn't say tainted words, disgusting words, silly words, he shouldn't say
lies, he shouldn't say divisive words, he shouldn't say evil words, he shouldn't
say bad things, should not tell, should not be talked, should not be explained,
should not be spoken, this is the limit of precepts.

"He should not intend to dispute the dhamma of people": The "people" are
khattiya, Brāhmaṇa, vessa, sudda, lay family, bhikkhus, heaven, and person.
Controversy, scolding, rebuke, humiliation against people, not being praised,
seeing bad, bad livelihood, he should not cause the mind to arise, he should not
cause the intention to arise, he should not make it to happen.

> 209 &middot; Further, there are five kinds of dust in the world,  
The tempering for which those who are mindful should learn,  
In all forms, sounds, and smells, in all tastes and touches,  
He should conquer greed.

"Further, there are five kinds of dust in the world": "Further," the
continuation of sentences; .... "Five kinds of dust," form dust, sound dust,
smell dust, taste dust, and touch dust.

Greed instead of dirt is called grime (dust). "Dust" has the same meaning as
greed. After giving up the dust, the sages live in the teachings of those who
are away from the dust. Aversion instead of dirt.... Ignorance instead of
dirt...

"In the world," ....

"For those, those who have mindfulness, in order to temper them, they should
learn": "For those," for form dust, sound dust, smell dust, smell dust, and
touch dust. "Those who have thoughts," thoughts, remembrance, the state of
remembrance, retention, non-drifting, non-forgetting state, root of mind, mind
power, mindfulness, and the path of non-divergence, this is called mindfulness;
possess, complete possession, he is called a thoughtful person, who walks in,
walks in completely, has enough, has fully enough, and possesses this
mindfulness. "Should learn," .... "Those who have thoughts, in order to temper,
should learn": Those who have thoughts, the greed for form, greed for sound,
odor, taste, in order to temper, eliminate, give up, calm down, cut off, and
stop the greed, he should learn to increase precepts, ....

"He should conquer greed in the forms, sounds and smells, in the tastes and
touches": He should conquer the greed in the forms, sounds, smells, tastes, and
touches, (it) should be conquered all over, should be defeated, should be
overwhelmed, should be terminated, should be crushed.

> 210 &middot; A Bhikkhu who is mindful and has a free heart  
Should temper his desire in these dhammas,  
Deliberate the dhamma in a timely and correct manner,  
He should kill the darkness when he becomes a single (unified) person.  
[Like this, the Blessed One (said).]

"In these dhammas, he should temper his desires": "In these," in the forms,
sounds, smells, tastes, touches. "Desire," ...(omitted, see previous sections).
"He should temper his desires in these dhammas": The desires in these dhammas
should be tempered, expelled, renounced, cut off, should be terminated, and
should be made to cease to exist.

"Bhikkhus with mindfulness and free hearts": "Bhikkhus," virtuous bhikkhus, or
learned bhikkhus. "Those who are mindful," all thoughts, random thoughts...
(omitted), mindfulness, thoughtfulness, and the way of non-diversion are called
thoughts. To have, to have completely... (omitted).

"Bhikkhus with thoughts and kindness in heart": The heart (mind) of the first
jhāna has been separated, ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"He considered the Dhamma in a timely and correct manner": "In a timely manner,"
when the mind is drifting, it is the right time for samatha, and when the mind
is collected, it is the right time for vipassanā.

"At the right time, he does his best, and he stops at other (times), further,  
He is pleased at the right time, he can concentrate on the heart at the right time,  
He watches at the right time, he is a meditator, a master at the right time.  
When is the right time to do your best? When is the right time to suppress?  
When is the right time for joy? And what is the right time for samatha?  
The right time to calm the mind: how to express it to the meditator?  
Try your best when the heart is retracted, and restrained when it is falling,  
When the heart is out of interest, he should be happy immediately.  
Whenever the heart is already happy, it becomes one who does not flinch or give up,  
That is the right time for samatha, the intention within oneself should be pleased.  
Whenever one of these methods is used to become enlightened,  
After knowing one's mind and entering concentration, one should immediately watch.  
The wise man becomes the knower at the right time, the person who knows the right time, and the acquaintance at the right time.  
It should be discriminated at the right time, the state of the heart."

"Examine the Dhamma in a timely manner and correctly": Examine Dhamma correctly:
"All actions are impermanent." Examine Dhamma correctly: ....

"Being single-minded, he should kill the darkness. [Like this, the Blessed One
(said)]": "One-minded," one state of mind, undistracted mind, stable mind,
samādhi, fixed root, concentration, are to be single-minded. "He should kill the
darkness," the darkness of greed, the darkness of hatred, the darkness of
ignorance, the darkness of seeing, the darkness of conceit, the darkness of
pollution, the darkness of evil deeds, blindness, no eyes, no wisdom, the vexing
faction, that which does not lead to Nibbāna; should kill, should abandon,
should be driven away, should end, and should make it cease to exist.

"Blessed One," ...(omitted, see previous sections).

\newpage
