2. Explanations asked by Brahmin students
    9. [Like this Venerable Man lowers Maitreya:] Who is the contented person in the world here? For whom there is no wavering?
    Who will not be contaminated in the middle after consideration?
     Who do you say is a "big man"? Who surpassed the tailor here?
     "Who is the contented person in the world here": "Who is the contented person, the good contented person, the satisfied person, the intention completer in the world?" For who is the contented person in the world here?
"[Like this Venerable Low She Maitreya]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentences; the connection of the sentences; the completion of the sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the order of the sentence, which is "like this" "Venerable", this is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience. It is "Venerable." "Low She", the name, name, title, security, common name, name, naming of the brahmin , Titles, words, phrases, titles. "She Maitreya", the Brahman's surname, name, title, Anli, and common name." It is [Like this venerable one lowers She Maitreya].
"For whom there is no shaking": "The shaking of thirst, the shaking of seeing, the shaking of slow, the shaking of pollution, the shaking of desire, for whom these shaking do not exist, do not exist, are not known, do not It was discovered, was cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." For whom there is no wavering.
     "Who is after proving knowledge on both sides": "Who is after proving knowledge on both sides, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." Who is after proving on both sides.
"After consideration, there will be no contamination in the middle": "After consideration, there will be no contamination in the middle, no contaminants, no close contaminants (no contamination). He has been separated, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, and he is separated Live in the heart of restriction." After consideration, there is no contamination in the middle.
"Who do you say is a "big husband"": "A big husband is "the highest person, the most victorious person, the victorious person, the first person, the highest person, the first person, the top person." Who do you say, Who are you telling, who are you talking about, who are you talking about, who are you talking about." Who is a "big man" for you?
     "Who has surpassed the tailor here": "Who is here {arrived}[beyond], conquered the tailor, thirsty, has passed, passed, overcome." For who surpassed the tailor here?
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Like this Venerable Desire Maitreya:] Who is the contented person in the world here? For whom is there no wavering?
    Who will not be contaminated in the middle after consideration?
     Who do you say is a "big man"? Who surpassed the tailor here? "
    10. [World Zun: "Miracle!"] Among the desires, there are Brahmans, who are always mindful and detached from the love,
       has been extinguished. After considering it, there is no wavering for him.
"There are Brahmans among the desires": ""Desire", there are two kinds of desires from the eulogy: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (abbreviated) these are called the desires of things... (abbreviated) these are called For the desire for pollution. Brahma is called separation, abstinence, abstinence, renunciation, no action, no action, no offense, and no transgression from non-rectification, etc. Or, with no difference, Brahman is called the eight branches The holy way, namely: right view, right will, right speech, right karma, right life, right diligence, right thoughts, right concentration. Those who have, fully possessed, entered, fully entered, possessed, fully possessed, possessed these eight holy ways , He is called a brahman. For example, he is called a "property person" by property; he is called a person with wealth; he is called a person with reputation; and he is called a person with technology. Skilled people; precepts are called “precepts”; vigor is called “vigorous ones”; wisdom is called “wise ones”; Yiming is called “bright ones”, the same, Anyone who possesses, fully possesses, walks in, fully walks in, is fully possessed, fully possessed, and possesses these eight noble paths, he is called a brahman." It is a brahman in all desires.
     ""Milere", the Blessed One calls the Brahman by his surname. "Blessed One", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the Blessed One." is [World Zun: "Milere!"].
"Always have thoughts and detach from the one who thirsts for love": "The thirst of "thirst for love" is the thirsty of the Dhamma. For him the thirst for love has been cut off, cut off, and calmed down , Halted, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who thirsts away, the one who abandons the thirst, the one who eliminates the thirst, the one who releases the thirst, the one who dies off the thirst, the one who renounces the thirst Those who are greedy, those who abandon greed, those who exclude greed, those who free themselves from greed, those who renounce greed, those who renounce greed, those who do not hunger and thirst, those who have cooled, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, those who regard themselves as Brahman And live."Always", always; everything; all the time; always; eternal time; always and constantly; continuously; uninterrupted; successively; water waves arise without intervals; continue to be accompanied by touching them; in Before noon, afternoon, first night, midnight, and after night; settle in the black moon, bright moon, rainy season, winter, summer; in youth, middle age, and old age. The "mindful person (of)" is mindful in four ways: when the practice is mindful when the body is mindful, when the practice is mindful and mindful, when When practicing mindfulness and mindfulness in the mind, it is mindful, and when practicing mindfulness and mindfulness in the Dhamma, it is mindful... (omitted) He is called mindful. "He who is always mindful and thirsty for love.
"The extinguished monk after consideration": "After consideration, it is called wisdom. It is wisdom, understanding, simple selection, investigation... (abbreviated) no delusion, choice, right view. "After consideration", after consideration, know After, after understanding, after measurement, after judgment, after separation, after clarification: "All activities are impermanent" after consideration, after knowing, after understanding, after measurement, after judgment, after separation, after clarification; It’s bitter"... (omitted) "All Dharma is non-self"... "Affected by ignorance"... "Any collection of Dharma is an extinction of Dharma" After considering, knowing, understanding, and weighing, After judgement, after separation, after clarification.
Or, [see] after the consideration of impermanence, after knowing... (omitted), it is suffering... it is diseased... it is tumor... it is arrowed... (omitted) is after the consideration, after knowing , After understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Extinguished", greedy makes the state of being extinguished is extinguished; abusive makes the state of being extinguished is extinguished; ignorant makes the state of being extinguished is extinguished; angry...hateful...hiding evil ... bossy... jealous... stingy... fake... cunning... stubborn... passionate... slow... extremely slow... slow... let go... everything Polluted...all evil...all troubles...all hot troubles...all heat (torture)...all unwholesome contrived ones make the state of being extinguished. "Bhikkhu", the destroyed state of the Seven Dharma is a Bhikkhu... (omitted) The one who has been completed and the one who has been destroyed is a Bhikkhu. "After consideration for the extinguished monk.
     "There is no wavering for him": "For him", for the Arahant; for the one who has exhausted his troubles. "Shake", the shake of craving, the shake of seeing, the shake of slow, the shake of pollution, the shake of desire, for him these shakes do not exist, do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, and have been cut off , Cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. 』Because there is no wavering for him.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Miracle!"] Among the desires, there are Brahmans, who are always mindful and detached from thirsting,
       has been extinguished. After considering it, there is no wavering for him. "
    11. After he knows on both sides, he considers it and does not contaminate in the middle,
       I said he was a "big man", and he surpassed the tailor here. [AN.6.61]
"After he knows on both sides, after considering it, he will not be contaminated in the middle": "side", touch is one side, touch set is the second side, touch is in the middle; the past is one side, the future is the second side, and now is in the middle; Pleasure is on one side, suffering is the second side, and no suffering and unhappy is in the middle; name is one side, form is the second side, consciousness is in the middle; the six inner places are one side, and the six outer places are the second side, and consciousness is in the middle. In the middle; the body is one side, the body set is the second side, and the body disappears in the middle. After consideration, it is called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) no delusion, choice of law, right view.
"Adhesion": There are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of eagerness and [cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of craving... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing . What is craving adhesion? All are called boundaries, realms, scopes, borders, grasped, and are treated as one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so many are Mine, this area is mine; [my] color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things on the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and Horses, mules, horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins, villages, towns, capitals, places, treasuries, warehouses, all the land, because they are thirsty and regard them as their own, all 108 thirsty trends As far as [AN.4.199] is concerned, this is the adhesion of craving.
    What is the adhesion of seeing? There are twenty people who rely on the body to see, ten people who rely on the wrong view, and ten people who rely on the side see, all the views, evil views, jungle views, and deserts like thisThe grasping, acceptance, clinging, clinging to the view, the distorted view, the wavering view, the bound view, the evil way, the evil way, the evil nature, the place where the outside way depends, the clasping and inversion of the inversion (vipariyesa) The grip of (viparīta), the grip of reversal (vipallāsa), the grip of evil, the grip of "in the unreal [see] the real", all come to the sixty-two evil views, this It's sticky.
"After he knows on both sides, after consideration, he is not contaminated in the middle": "He is not contaminated after considering, after knowing, after knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying , Not dyed, not dyed, not dyed, not completely dyed, not dyed, detached, detached, detached, detached from the bondage, he lives with the heart of detachment and limitation ." After he learned about it on both sides, after considering it, he did not contaminate in the middle.
"I said he is a "big man"": "A man is the highest person, the most victorious person, the victorious person, the first person, the highest person, the first person, the top person. I call him, I tell He, I talk about him, I explain him, I talk about him.
    Venerable Sariputta said to the Blessed One: "Great Virtue! Known as "a man, a man", great virtue! What situation is a big man? ""Sariputra! I say that those who are free from the heart are "big husbands"; I say those who are not free are "non-husbands."
     Sariputta! How to be free? Sariputta! Here, the bhikkhu lives in his own body to observe the body, zeal, righteous knowledge, and thoughtfulness, and can moderate the greed and worry about the world. When he lives in the body to observe the body, the mind is free from staining, and he is not clinging. Freedom from all defilements; on receiving...(slightly omitted) on the heart...living on the Dharma and watching the Dharma, zealous, righteous, and mindful, can moderate the greed and worry about the world when he lives on the Dharma When following the Dharma, the mind is free from the defilements, and free from all defilements without clinging. Sariputta! In this way, the bhikkhu has the heart to be free. Sariputta! I say that those who are free from the heart are "big husbands"; I say those who are not free are "non-husbands". "For me, he is a "big man."
"He surpassed the tailor here": "The tailor is called craving, which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. For him, this tailor, thirst Love is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he has surpassed, conquered the tailor, thirst for love, has passed, has passed, has been overcome." Here is beyond him. A tailor.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After he knows on both sides, he considers not to contaminate in the middle,
       I said he is a "big man", he surpassed the tailor here. "
At the same time as the verse ends, for those who live with the same intention, same endeavor, same intention, and same dwelling place as the Brahman, the distant dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any collection of dhammas is an extinction." The mind of a brahmin is free from all defilements by not clinging. Along with reaching the realm of Arahant, sheepskin clothing, knotted hair, bark clothing, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair and beards disappeared, becoming bald, robes, cloth clothes, overcoats, bowls, and clothes. Respect the Blessed One, sit down: "Dade! The Blessed One is my teacher and I am a disciple."
     The explanation asked by the Brahmin of the Maitreya student of the low She Maitreya is the second [completed].


Summary:
  1. Those who are not contaminated on both sides and in the middle surpass the tailor (= thirsty).
  2. Those who have extinguished (= attaining Nirvana) are always mindful and thirsty.
  10/17/2020 15:05
