11. Explanations asked by the Brahman from Ruodu Gengni
    65. [Like this Venerable Ruo Du Gengni:] After I heard about the heroes who have no desire for desire, I came to ask those who have passed the violent current to ask the desireless ones,
       Co-born-eyes, please tell me the state of silence, Blessed One asks you to tell me the truth.
     "I heard about a hero who has no desire for desire": "Like this, the Blessed One, the Arahant... (Observed) Buddha, the Blessed One, after hearing it, after hearing it, after grasping, after understanding, after distinguishing." After I heard it. "Hero", the Lord is a hero, "Energetic" is a hero; "Able" is a hero; "Sufficiency" is a hero; "Sufficient" is a hero; "Brave" is a hero; "Heroic" is a hero; "Those who are not afraid" are heroes; those who are not afraid are heroes; those who are not afraid are heroes; those who do not run away are heroes; those who have given up on fear of terror are heroes; "It's a hero.
     "Here has gone from all evil abstainers to a state of vitality after transcending hell suffering,
      He is an energetic person and a hardworking person. People like this can be called a hero. [Sn.3.6]"
"After I heard about the heroes who have no desire for desire": "Desire, from the eulogy there are two desires: the desire for things and the desire for pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... (omitted) these are It is called the desire for pollution. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the desire for things has been omniscience, the desire for pollution has been renounced, in the state of omniscience of the desire for things, and the desire for pollution has been renounced State, the Blessed One does not desire in desire; does not desire in desire; does not desire in desire; does not ask in desire. Whoever desires in desire; prays in desire; hopes in desire; asks in desire , They are those who have desires for desires, those who have greed for greed, and those who have thoughts about desires. The Blessed One does not desire desires; does not desire desires; does not desire desires; does not ask desires. Therefore, the Buddha Those who have no desire, those who have renounced their desires, those who have abandoned their desires, those who have eliminated their desires, those who have liberated their desires, those who have renounced their desires, those who have renounced their desires, those who have renounced greed, those who have no greed, those who have renounced greed, Those who have eliminated greed, those who have liberated from greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who are not hungry, those who have extinguished, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those who live as Brahman. "After I heard about heroes who have no desire for desire.
"[Like this Venerable Ruo Di Gengni]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (abbreviated) This is the order of the sentence, which is "Like this". "Venerable", this is love and honorific Synonymous with respect and obedience. It is "Venerable person". "Ruodu Gengni", the Brahman's surname, name, title, Anli, and common name." It is [Like this Venerable person, Ruodu Gengni].
"Come to ask the undesired ones who have crossed the torrent": ""The ones who have crossed the torrent", "the ones who have crossed the torrent, those who have crossed the torrent, those who have crossed the torrent, those who have overcome the torrent." Those who have crossed the violent currents. "To ask", to ask, to question, to ask, to ask, to make it clear. "When you come to...the one who has no desire", to ask the person who has no desire, the person who has deserted, and the person who has given up desire , Those who have been excluded, those who have liberated their desires, those who have renounced their desires, those who have renounced their desires, those who have renounced greed, those who no longer have greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have eliminated greed, those who have been liberated, and those who have renounced Those who break greed, those who have renounced greed, we have come, we have come, we have arrived, we have fully arrived, we have been united with you." In order to come, we must ask those who have crossed the riots without desire.
"The cosmonaut, please speak about the state of silence": ""Silence" takes a form as silence and a state of silence, that is immortality, nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments , The extinction of craving, greed, extinction, nirvana. This is said by the Blessed One: "This is the state of silence, this is the state of victory, namely: the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the thirsty Extinction, freedom from greed, extinction, nirvana [SN.48.50]." With another aspect: where all dharmas lead to the realization of silence, the touch of silence, and the testimony of silence, just like these four mindfulness and four righteousness , The four gods, the five faculties, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path. These are called the state of silence. Please speak, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please expose Open, please analyze, please clarify, please explain the state of silence, the state of refuge, the state of refuge, the state of refuge, the state of no fear, the state of no death, the state of immortality, the state of Nirvana. The eye is called the state of all knowing wisdom. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the eye and the state of the victor arise at the same time (in no sequence) under the Bodhi tree, so the Buddha is the co-born eye." If you have an eye, please talk about the state of silence.
     "The Lord, please tell me the truthfulness": "The truthfulness is called immortality, nirvana... (abbreviated) extinction, nirvana. "World Lord",Respect synonymous... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, namely "World Zun". "Please tell me that", please tell me, please explain... (omitted) please explain. "For the Lord, please tell me the truth.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
    `"[Like this Venerable Ruo Du Gengni:] After I heard about the heroes who have no desire for desire, I came to ask those who have no desire to have crossed the storm,
       Co-born-eyes, please tell me the state of silence, Blessed One asks you to tell me the truth. "
    66. Because the Blessed One acts after winning over desire, like the shining sun shines on the earth,
      The one who is broadly wise is the less wise me, please explain the method I can know, here is the separation of birth and aging.
"Because the Blessed One acts after the victory over desire": ""World Zun", a synonym for respect... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is "World Zun". "Desire" has two desires from Shesem: The desire for things and the desire to pollute...(slightly omitted) These are called the desires for things...(slightly omitted) These are called the desires for pollution. After the Blessed One has known the desires of things, after giving up on the desires for pollution, He defeated, defeated, overwhelmed, ended [, crushed], walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, making existence, making survival." Because the Blessed One acts after winning over desire.
"The shining sun shines on the earth": "The sun (Ādicco) is called the sun (sūriyo). The earth (Pathavī) is called the earth (jagatī). The shining sun has brilliance, wins and defeats , Overwhelming, ending, heating the earth, breaking through all the darkness in the sky, destroying the darkness, after the light is seen, walking in the sky, in the air, and on the road in the void, similarly, the shining Blessed Wisdom has the brilliance of wisdom, [Break] all the works ……(Omitted) the darkness of pollution, the darkness that destroys ignorance, after showing (to see) the light of wisdom, after knowing the desire for things, after giving up on the desire for pollution, he wins, defeats, overwhelms, End, crush, walk, stay, act, turn, guard, survive, and survive.” The shining sun shines on the earth.
"The one who is broadly wise is the one who is less wise": "I am the one who is less wise, the wiser, and the wiser inferior; you are the wiser, the wiser, the wiser, the quicker, the wiser, and the insight Therefore, the earth is called Guang, and the Blessed One has the same vast and expanding wisdom as that earth." Whoever is Guanghui, please be me who is lesshui.
"Please explain the Dhamma that I can know": ""Dhamma", the beginning is goodness, the middle is goodness, and the end is goodness; the meaning is correct and the words are correct; only the complete and pure Brahma line: four mindfulness... …(Omitted) Nirvana and the path leading to Nirvana, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain. "I can know ", I can know, know, know, disagree, know with certainty, penetrate, prove, reach, and testify." Please explain the law: according to which I can know.
     "Here is the renunciation of birth and senescence": "Here is the renunciation of birth, senescence, and death, cessation, cessation, cessation, immortality, and Nirvana." For there is the renunciation of birth and senility.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
    "Because the Blessed One acts after winning over desire, like the shining sun shines on the earth,
      The one who is broadly wise is me who is less wise. Please explain the method I can know. Here is the separation of birth and aging. "
    67. [World Zun: "If you save the mud!"] Please temper your cravings on desire, and treat detachment from desire as a stable one,
       Picked up or rejected, don’t be found anything.
"Please adjust to the desire of desire": "Desire", from the eulogy there are two desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... (omitted) these are called For the desire for pollution. "Craving", greed is called craving, it is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Please adjust to the greed of desire": "Please adjust to the greed of desire, please expel, please leave, please drive away, please make the end, please make it go to non-existence." To ask you to temper your cravings.
"Ruodu Gengni": "The Blessed One calls the Brahman by his surname. "World Zun", which is a synonymous with respect... (abbreviated) Anli (pseudonym) who testifies, that is, World Zun." mud!"].
"Desire to be free as a stable post": "Desire (Leaving)", the correct way, the following way, the non-reverse way [, the way of non-contradiction (the way of non-contradiction)], the way of way and the law as it means Follow the path of the Dharma, complete the precepts, guard the roots, know the right amount of food, specialize in sober, mindfulnessWith right knowledge, four mindfulness, four right diligence, four divine feet, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment elements, eight holy paths, nirvana and the path leading to nirvana, they are stability, shelter, refuge, refuge, Refugee, fearless, deathless, immortal, Nirvana, after seeing, seeing, weighing, judging, separating, and clearing. "It's the aftermath of seeing liberation as a stable one.
"Picked up or rejected": ""Picked up", held on, clung, clinging, taken, believed to be due to craving, seeing, "or rejected", or rejected What should be detached, what should be abandoned, what should be driven away, what should be terminated, what should be brought to non-existence." For picked up or rejected.
"Don't be discovered about anything": ""Anything", greed is a thing; hatred is a thing; ignorance is a thing; slowness is a thing; seeing is a thing; pollution is a thing; evil is a thing , Any of these things (Cambodia version) Don’t be discovered, don’t be forced to be discovered, don’t be completely discovered, don’t be discovered, please abandon, please drive away, please make the end, please make it go to non-existence ." Don’t be discovered for anything.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Ruodu Gengni!"] Please temper your cravings and regard detachment as a stable one,
       Picked up or rejected, don’t be found anything. "
     68. Anything before, please let it wither, please don’t have anything afterwards,
       If you can't hold it in the middle, you will live a silent life.
"Anything before, please make it wither": "As for the pollution that can cause pollution in the past, please make it dry, please make it dry, please make it dry, please make it dry up, please If you don't be a seed, please let it go, please drive away, please end it, please make it go to non-existence." In this way, what was before, please let it wither. Or, "Any past karma creations that have not matured and repaid, please let them wither, ask you to wither, ask you to wither, ask you to expand and wither, and ask you not to be seeds, please give up Please break, please drive away, please make the end, please make it go to non-existence.” This is also what before, please make it wither.
"Please don't have any afterwards": "The afterwards are called [future.] Regarding the actions of the future [what can arise] any greed, any aversion, any delusion, any slowness, any perception, any pollution, any evil deeds , Any of these for you don’t have, don’t make, don’t produce, don’t produce, don’t cause it to arise, don’t cause it to arise, please give up, please drive away, please make the end, please make it come Doesn't exist." Please don't have it for any later.
"If you can't hold the one in the middle": "The one in the middle is called the present form, feeling, thought, action, and consciousness. Regarding the present actions, you will not hold it because of craving and seeing [, grasp , Grasp], thirsty, grasping, clinging, rejoicing, rejoicing, welcoming, clinging, clinging, grasping, clinging you will give up, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence ." Because if you are in the middle, you will not hold it.
"You will live a silent life": "The silent state of greed means that you will live a silent life, an agitated... (omitted) all unwholesome contrived silent states, calmed states, dead state, already The dead state, the extinguished state, the no longer burning state, the cooled state, the gone state, the cessated state is silent, silent, extinguished, cooled, stopped, you live, live, Act, turn, guard, survive, and survive." For you, you will live a silent life.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anything before, please make it wither, please don’t have anything afterwards,
       If you can't hold it in the middle, you will live a silent life. "
    69. In all names and colors, Brahman! For those who are free from greed,
       Annoyance is not discovered for this one: with the control of those who will reach the devil.
     "In all names and colors, Brahman! For those who are free from greed": "Everything", all completely, completely in every aspect, without surplus, the whole earth, this is the ubiquitous language, which is "everything." "Name", the four colorless aggregates. "Lose", the four big and the four big colors. Craving is called craving, it is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "In all names and forms, Brahman! For those who have no greed": "In all names and forms, to those who renounce greed, those who have no greed, those who abandon greed, those who exclude greed, those who liberate greed, those who renounce greed, and those who renounce Think of the greedy person, the greedy person, the greedy person, the greedy person, the greedy person, the greedy person, the greedy person, and the greedy person.” In all names and colors, Brahmadoor! For those who have no greed.
"For this one’s troubles are not discovered": ""Farrings", there are four kinds of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, and the troubles of ignorance. "For this one", to the Arahant For those who have exhausted their troubles. "Undiscovered", these troubles are not, non-existent, unknown, undiscovered, cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to Arose and burned by the fire of wisdom." Because the troubles are not discovered for this person.
"With those who will reach the control of the Demon King": "With those troubles that will go to the control of the Demon King, or the control that will go to death, they will go to the control of the Demon Party, and those troubles are not, non-existent, and not controlled by him. Knowing, not being discovered, being cut off, being cut off, being calmed down, being stopped, unable to arise, being burned by the fire of wisdom." For the control of those who will reach the devil.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "In all names and colors, Brahman! For those who are free from greed,
       Annoyance is not discovered for this one: with the control of those who will reach the devil. "
     At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
     Ruodu Gengni student Brahmin asked the eleventh [completed].

Summary:
  The person who is free from desire (seeing free desire as being stable, without taking up or rejecting, not grasping) attains the state of silence (Nibbana).
  10/17/2020 11:10
