17. Explanation of the Praise Sutra
    93. The Lord said this, when he lived in the Gata Temple in Magadha Basa,
       To the sixteen brahmins who served, he answered the questions who asked and questioned them one by one.
     "The Blessed One said this": "Speaking of the other side of the road. "The Blessed One", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the Blessed One." Said this for the Blessed One. ""When you live in Magadha", when you live in the kingdom of Magadha, act, turn around, guard, survive, and survive. "When Bosha leads the Gota Temple", Bosha leads the Gota The temple is called the Buddha as a seat.” It is when I lived in the Megata Bosaring Gata Temple.
"To the sixteen brahmins who serve": "Binchia Brahmins are followers, attendants, servants, and disciples of the Bawali Brahmins, and Binchia and those are sixteen." This is for the sixteen people. Brahman. Or, "Those sixteen Brahmins are followers, attendants, servants, and disciples of the Buddha, the Blessed One." This is also for the sixteen Brahmins who serve.
"He answered the questions requested and questioned one by one": ""requested", requested, desired. "all asked", all questioned one by one; all asked one by one; all one by one Begging; all requested; all made clear. "He answered the question", he answered, explained, taught, informed, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, It explains the problem." He answered the questions for the requested and questioned one by one.
     Because of that, it was said:
    "The Blessed One said this, when he lived in the Gata Temple in Magadha,
       To the sixteen brahmins who served, he answered the questions who asked and questioned them one by one. "
    94. If you have one problem after another, after knowing the reason and knowing the law, he can follow the law and practice it, he can go to the other side of old age and death,
       "These laws can go to the other shore." Therefore, the synonym of the teachings of these laws is "the other shore road."
"If there is one problem": "If there are more questions about Ayi, if there are more questions about Low Sher Maitreya, one question about Fulou Nage and Maitreya, if there are also questions about both I also deal with the problems of U Bosi, Nanda and Heima Ge, if I also deal with the problems of Dushang Ya, and if I also deal with the two questions of Ge Bo, they are the same as the virtuous Ruo Du Geng Ni. If it is also a question for Bodo Wuda, if it is also a question for Udha, if it is also a question for Psalala, if it is also a question for Moe Yeongyu, if it is also a question for Binqia. One question." is if one is right.
"After knowing the reason, after knowing the law": ""The question is the law, and the answer is the truth." After knowing the reason, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." In order to know the afterword . "After knowing the Dharma", "after knowing the Dharma, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. 』In order to know the Fa. "In order to know the truth, after knowing the Fa. "Able to follow the law and practice": "The correct way, the way that follows the way, the way that is not reversed [, the way that does not contradict (the way that there is no contradiction)], the way that it means, the way that the law follows the law can be implemented." Ability to follow the law.
     "He can walk to the other shore of old death": The other shore of old death is called immortality, nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, annihilation, and nirvana. "He can walk to the other shore of old death": "He can walk to the other shore of old death, can prove the other shore, can touch the other shore, and can testify to the other shore." Because he can walk to the other shore of old death.
     "These dharmas can go to the other shore": "These dharmas can go to the other shore, they make it reach the other shore, they make it reach the other shore completely, and they can reach the other shore completely, and they lead to the death of old age." These dharmas can walk to the other shore.
"Therefore the teachings of these dharmas": "therefore", "therefore; the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, when one sees this fault on the desires." is the reason. "Teach it" is for this other side of the road." For this reason these laws are taught. "Synonymously is "Bi'an Dao"": "Bi'an is called immortality, Nirvana... (abbreviated) extinction, Nirvana. This is called Dao, that is: right view... (abbreviated) Zhengding. "Synonym": name, Appellation, Anli, common name, name, naming, appellation, vocabulary, phrase, appellation." Synonymous is "the other shore road."
     Because of that, it was said:
     "If you are dealing with one by one problem, after knowing the principle and knowing the law, he can follow the law and practice it, he can go to the other side of old age
       "These laws can go to the other shore", so the synonym of the teachings of these laws is "the other shore road". "
    95. Ayiduo, Low Shemaitreya, Fuluna Ge and Mai Legu,
       as well as Dudag, Ubosi, Nanda and Black Margaret.
    96. Du Di Ya and Ge Bo, and the virtuous Ruo Du Geng Ni,
       as well as Bodo Uda, Udha, and the Brahmin of Persala,
       The clever Mo'eqiang, with the great immortal Binqiya.
    97. They are close to the enlightened ones: immortals with full deeds,
       asked subtle questions, approaching the victorious one.
     "They are close to the enlightened ones": "they", sixteen brahmins for the other side of the road. "Enlightened One (Buddha)", that is the one who has enlightened the truth in the Dhamma that has not been heard before, and reaches the state of all knowing there, and the state of freedom in strength. . What does "enlightened one" mean to be an enlightened one? "The one who feels the truth" is the enlightened one, the "makes the living being aware" the enlightened one, the state of all knowing is the enlightened one, the state of all seeing is the enlightened, and the state that is not guided by others is the enlightened. Those who have flowed out are the enlightened ones, those who have exhausted their troubles are given names as enlightened ones, those who have no troubles are given names as enlightened ones, those who have always been free from greed are enlightened, and those who have always been free from hatred. For the enlightened person, "the one who has always been away from the idiot" is the enlightened person, the "the one who has always been free from pollution" is the enlightened person, the one who has crossed the road without crossroads is the enlightened person, and the one who has been alone is enlightened without being enlightened. The enlightened person, the state of not being killed is the enlightened person, and the state of being enlightened is the enlightened person. "Enlightened person", this name is not given (made) by the mother; not given by the father; not given by the brothers; not given by the sisters; not given by the friends; not given by the relatives; not given by the Salmon or Brahmin What is given; what is not given by heaven, this is ultimate liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) of the acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the Blessed One, and the Bodhi tree, together with all knowledge and wisdom, is the enlightened one. "For the one who is enlightened. "They approach the enlightened one": "They approach, see, visit, ask, and ask the enlightened one." It is for them to approach the enlightened one.
"The immortal with sufficient action": "The action is called the arising of the vow, and the self-control of the vow is action; the self-control of the root is also action; it is also action to know the right amount of diet; it is also action to specialize in sobriety; the seven principles [MN.53] are also action; The four meditations are also actions. "Those with sufficient actions", those with sufficient actions, the best actions, the best actions, the first actions, the highest actions, and the top actions. "The Immortal", the Blessed One is an immortal, "The Great Precepts Seekers, seekers, seekers" are immortals... (abbreviated) "Seeked, pursued, and searched by powerful beings: Where is the Buddha? Where is the Blessed One? Where is the god among the gods? Among the people Where is the bull king?" He is an immortal." He is an immortal who is capable of walking.
"Inquiring subtle questions": ""asking", asking, begging; begging; making it clear. "delicate questions", deep, hard to see, hard to follow, and silent , Triumphant, non-theoretical, subtle, and experienced by the wise." In order to ask subtle questions.
"Close to the most victorious Enlightened One": ""Enlightened One", "That is the Blessed One...(Omitted) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the Enlightened One." "The most victorious", the first, the most victorious The great, the superior, the first, the highest, the top enlightened ones, they approach, approach, meet, visit, inquire, and ask." They are the close to the most victorious enlightened ones.
     Because of that, it was said:
     "They are close to the enlightened ones: the immortals with full walks,
       asked subtle questions, approaching the victorious one. "
    98. The enlightened person thoroughly answers for them, the questions asked, truthfully,
       With answers to the questions, Muni satisfied the Brahmins.
"The Enlightened One provides a thorough answer for them": ""For them", for the 16 Brahmins who are on the other side of the road. "The Enlightened One (Buddha)", "That is the Anli (pseudonym) who testified by the Blessed One... (Omitted) , The enlightened ones." "Thorough answers", the enlightened ones thoroughly answer, explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify, and explain for them." The enlightened ones provide them with a thorough answer.
"Questions asked, truthfully": ""Questions asked", questions asked, questioned, begged, asked, and made clear. "As they are", as they should be explained. Explain; teach like that as it should be taught; tell like that as it should be told; build like that as it should be built; uncover like that as it should be uncovered; unfold like that as it should be parsed; parse like that as it should be parsed What should be clarified is stated like that; what should be stated is stated like that." For the question asked, truthfully.
     "An answer to a problem": "An answer to a problem, explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify, and explain." is the answer to the problem.
    「Muni Ambassador Brahmin"We are satisfied": ""Satisfy", make satisfaction, make expansion satisfied, make clear, make joy, and produce pleasure. "Brahmins" are sixteen Brahmins who work for the other side of the road. "Muni" is called Muna For wisdom... (slightly omitted) After dyeing the net, he is Muni." For Muni, the Brahmins are satisfied.
     Because of that, it was said:
     "The enlightened person thoroughly answers for them, the questions they ask, truthfully,
       With answers to the questions, Muni satisfied the Brahmins. "
    99. They are satisfied by the eye, the enlightened, the sun tribe,
       They do Brahma: in front of the noble and wise.
     "They are satisfied by those with eyes": ""They" are sixteen Brahmins who are on the other side. To be "satisfied", to be satisfied, to be expanded, to be clear, to be rejoiced, to be happy. 』Be satisfied for them. "Eyes", the Blessed One regards the five eyes as those who have eyes: the naked eye is the eye, the sky eye is also the eye, the wisdom eye is also the eye, the Buddha's eye is also the eye, and all eyes are also the eye . How does the Blessed One regard the naked eye as having eyes? ... (Omitted) The Blessed One regards all eyes as the one with eyes like this. "Because they are satisfied by those with eyes.
"The enlightened person, the person of the sun tribe": "The enlightened person (Buddha)", "That is the Blessed One... (abbreviated) testified by Anli (pseudonym), that is, Buddha." "Be sun tribe": Sun (Ādicco) ) Is called the sun (sūriyo), his surname is Gautama, the Blessed One is also a surnamed Gautama, the Blessed One is a relative of the sun surname, a relative of the sun surname, so the enlightened person is a member of the sun tribe." is the enlightened person, the sun tribe.
     "They do Brahma": Brahma is called separation, abstinence, abstinence, renunciation, detachment, no action, no action, no offense, no transgression, bridge destruction from non-rectification. Or, because there is no difference, the Brahma is called the eight noble paths, namely: right view, right will, right speech, right karma, right life, right effort, right thought, right concentration. "They do Brahma": "They do, practice, and turn to Brahma after acceptance." Do Brahma for them.
"In front of the noble and wise": "The noble and the first, the most wiser, the supremely wiser, the uppermost wiser, the most wiser, the top wiser." In front", in front, near, near, not far, near." In front of the noble and wise.
     Because of that, it was said:
     "They are satisfied by the eye, the enlightened, the sun tribe,
       They do Brahma: in front of the noble and wise. "
    100. For one by one, as taught by the enlightened person,
       Anyone who can practice like that can walk from this shore to the other shore.
     "One by one question": "One by one question for Aiduo, one by one question for Low Shemaitre... (middle) one by one question for Binchia." is a question for one by one.
"As taught by the enlightened person": "Enlightened one (Buddha)", "That is the Blessed One, the solo person... (omitted) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the enlightened one." "": "As explained, taught, informed, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, explained by the enlightened person." As taught by the enlightened person.
     "Anyone who can do it like that": "He can do the right way, follow the down path, the non-opposite way, the way of righteousness, and the way of the law." For those who can practice like that.
     "Able to walk from this shore to the other shore": The other shore is called immortality, nirvana... (omitted) extinction, nirvana; this shore is called pollution, aggregates, and creations. "Can walk from this shore to the other shore": He can walk from this shore to the other shore, can prove to the other shore, touch the other shore, and testify to the other shore. "To be able to walk from this shore to the other shore.
     Because of that, it was said:
     "For one by one, as taught by the enlightened person,
       Anyone who can practice like that can walk from this shore to the other shore. "
    101. Able to walk from this shore to the other shore: When practicing the highest way,
       That way is to get to the other side, so it is the other side road like this.
     "Able to walk from this shore to the other shore": This shore is called the pollution, the various aggregates and the various creations; the other shore is called the immortality, nirvana... (abbreviated) the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and nirvana. "Can walk from this shore to the other shore": He can walk from this shore to the other shore, can prove to the other shore, touch the other shore, and testify to the other shore. "To be able to walk from this shore to the other shore.
"When practicing the highest path": "The highest path is called the eight holy paths, namely: right view... The top path. "When practicing", when practicing, when practicing, when practicing more." When practicing the highest path.
     "That way is to reach the other shore": "
  the way, Path, road, path, sidewalk, path,
     with boats, bridges, rafts, bamboo rafts, and bridges.
     "In order to reach the other shore", in order to reach the other shore, in order to reach the other shore, in order to completely reach the death of old age. "Being that way is to get to the other side.
"Like this, therefore, it is the path of the other side": ""therefore", therefore; the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause. The other side is called immortality, nirvana... For the Tao. "Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (slightly omitted) This is the order of the sentence, for it is like this." For it is like this, therefore for the other side.
     Because of that, it was said:
     "To be able to walk from this shore to the other shore: when practicing the highest way,
       That way is to get to the other side, so it is the other side road like this. "
    Bigandao praises the explanation of the verse seventeenth [completed].
