Second product
　　131. If you get a wise companion: those who walk with you, those who live with kindness, those who are wise,
After 　　　 defeats all the dangers, the person who has thoughts should walk with him happily. [Dph.23,328 verse]
"If you get a wise companion": "If you get, receive, gain, have a wise, wise, wise, conscious, wise, separate, and wise companion." For if you get a wise companion companion.
"Walker, good dweller, wise one": ""walker", one who walks alone. "Good dweller", the first jhana is the one who lives in the good, and also the second jhana...and also the third jhana For...the fourth jhana as the benevolent dweller, the benevolent and liberating as the benevolent dweller, and the compassion... (slightly) and the joy...and the calm and liberating as the benevolent dweller, also Those who live in emptiness and wait for the most good, also wait for knowledge in the limitless place... (omitted), and wait for nothingness... (omitted), also dwell on non-imaginative places and waiting for the most good. Those who are also the most benevolent inhabitants of extinction, and those who are the most good inhabitants of fruit. "The wise ones", the wise are the wise, the wise, the enlightened, the wise, the separated, the The wise." For the walker, the good dweller, and the wise.
"After defeating all dangers": "Dangers", there are two kinds of dangers: obvious dangers and hidden dangers... (Omitted) These are called obvious dangers... (Included) These are called hidden dangers ...... (Omitted) This is also the danger of "living there". "After overcoming all dangers": "In all dangers, he has won, after defeating, overwhelming, ending, crushing." After overcoming all dangers.
"Those who have thoughts should walk with others happily": ""The only enlightened person should be with the wise, wise, wise, enlightened, wise, distinguished, and wise companion To be happy, satisfied, happy, rejoicing, enthusiastic, happy to walk, live, act, turn, guard, survive, and survive together." To do it happily. "Thinking one," that alone The enlightened person is the mindful person, possessing the highest mind and intelligence, and is the memorizer and recaller who did it a long time ago and said it a long time ago [SN.48.9]. "The mindful person should walk with others happily.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "If you get a wise companion: those who walk with you, those who live in good, and those who are wise,
After 　　　 has overcome all the dangers, the person with thoughts should walk with him happily. "
　　132. If you don’t get a wise companion: those who walk with you, those who live with kindness, those who are wise,
　　　 Like a king abandoning national territory, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. [Dph.23,329 verse]
"If you don't get a wise companion": "If you don't get, receive, obtain, have a wise, wise, wise, conscious, wise, separate, and wise companion." For if not Get a wise companion.
"A traveler, a good dweller, and a wise person": ""A traveler", a person who walks alone. "The good dweller", who lives in the good with the first jhana... (omitted) also regards extinction as the most good The inhabitant also regards the fruit as the most benevolent one. "The wise one", the wise one is the wise one, the wise, the enlightened, the wise, the distinguished, and the wise." For the fellow, the good Residents, wise ones.
"Like a king abandoning the national territory": "Kshatriya initiates the king, the victor, the one who defeats the enemy, the one who has the desire, the one who is full of the storehouse, he will always give up the country, the land, the storehouse, many gold stores, and the city. After shaving his hair and beards and putting on robes, he went from being a monk at home to being a non-domestic life. After entering a state of no possessions, he walked, lived, moved, turned, guarded, survived, and survived. In this way, the one who lives alone After cutting off all obstacles in the home, cutting off the obstacles of children and wives, cutting off the obstacles of relatives, cutting off the obstacles of friends [, cutting off the obstacles of storage], shave off the hair and beard and put on the robes Later, after becoming a monk at home and becoming a non-domestic life, he started to become a state of nothing and walked alone, lived, moved, turned around, guarded, survived, and survived." For the king to abandon the national territory, it should be like a rhino horn Go alone.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "If you don’t get a wise companion: those who walk with you, those who live with kindness, those who are wise,
　　 Like a king abandoning national territory, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　133. We really praise the companions who have enough, we should get close to the equally distinguished companions,
　　　 Those who do not get these no-fault eaters should walk alone like rhino horns.
　　 "We do praise our full companions": "Indeed", this is the decisive (always) language, the undoubted word, the confident word, the unduly worded, the undoubtedly read word, the command word, Words without error [, Words not to fail], this is the word of certainty, which is "certain." "Companion with sufficient", whoever has the no-learning precepts...the no-learning concentration...the no-learning wisdom... companion. "We do praise the full companions": "We praise, admire, praise, and praise the full companions." For we do praise the full companions.
"Should be close to the superior equal companions": "They regard precepts, concentration, wisdom, liberation, and liberated wisdom as their superior companions, and equal precepts, concentration, wisdom, liberation, and liberated wisdom. A companion or equivalent companion should get close, associate (serve), respect, ask, and ask questions all the time." It is the equivalent companion who should get close to the superior.
　　 "Non-fault eaters after failing to obtain these": "Some people are fault eaters, and some are fault eaters." Who is a fault eater? Here, a certain type of people use tricks, talk, suggest, ridicule, exchange for other benefits, give things with wood, give things with bamboo, give things with leaves, give things with flowers, give things with baths , Give things with washing powder, donations made of clay, donate things with tooth wood, donate things with wash water, flattery, open the river with faith, greet, slander behind (Sri Lanka version), use homestead to show, show with beasts, Those who use astrology, use [when] envoys, use [when] send envoys, [when] run errands, use medical treatment, use new jobs, give food and give in return, and give alms. He has illegally and improperly obtained. After acquiring, after acquiring, after possessing, after receiving, this is called a person who has a negligent eater.
　　 And who is a negligent eater? Here, a certain kind of people do not use tricks, do not talk, do not use hints, do not ridicule, do not exchange benefits for other benefits, do not give things with wood, do not give things with bamboo, do not give things with leaves, do not give Donate things with flowers, don't bathe things, donate things with washing powder, donate things with clay, don't donate things with tooth wood, don't donate things with face wash water, don't flatter, don't open the river with belief, don't welcome things , Do not use back slander (Sri Lanka version), do not use homesteads, do not use animals, do not use astrology, do not [be] envoys, do not [when] send envoys, do not [when] run errands, do not use medical treatment[ , Not to build a new job], to give food and to don’t give in return, after he has properly obtained, obtained, obtained, possessed, and received according to the law. "He uses it illegally and improperly to survive after obtaining, obtaining, obtaining, possessing, and receiving. This is called a no-fault eater.
"Those who do not get these no-fault eaters": "Those who do not get these no-fault eaters can't get them, after they don’t get them, after they don’t get them, after they don’t have them, they don’t receive them," it means they don’t get them. A negligent eater should walk alone like a rhino horn.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "We do praise the companions who have enough, we should get close to the equally distinguished companions,
　　　 Those who do not get these no-fault eaters should walk alone like rhino horns. "
　　134. After seeing the brilliance of gold: It was completed by the blacksmith,
　　　 The two are rubbing each other's hands, they should walk alone like rhino horns.
"After seeing the glory of gold": "After seeing, seeing, weighing, judging, separating, and clarifying. "Golden" (Suvaṇṇassāti) is golden (jātarūpassa). "Hui Yao (Aurora) )" is all pure, all clear." After seeing the glory of gold.
　　 "made by a good blacksmith": a blacksmith (blacksmith) is called a goldsmith. "What is done well by the blacksmith": "What is done well by the blacksmith, what is good at work, and what is good at meticulous work." It is what is done well by the blacksmith.
"Two rubbing against each other on the hands": "The hand (bhujo) is called the hand (hattho). Like two bracelets on one hand rubbing together. In the same way, all beings are in hell because of their thirst and seeing. They have friction, they have friction in the animal world, they have friction in the hungry ghost world, they have friction in the human world, and they have friction in the heavenly world. Interest and interest...death and death... Rebirth and rebirth...have and have...reincarnation and reincarnation...circulation and circulation. They create friction, friction, friction, walk, dwell, act, turn, guard, make existence, make existence." The two were rubbing each other on their hands, and they should walk alone like rhino horns.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "After seeing the brilliance of gold: it was completed by the blacksmith,
　　 Two in the hands of each otherRubbing, you should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　135. So if you are with my partner, there will be verbal conversation or stickiness,
　　　 watching the terror of the future, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"So if you are with my partner": "There is a thirsty partner or a human partner. What is a thirsty partner? "Thirst for love", the lust for lust... (in the abbreviated) Dhamma's thirsty. Speaking of this thirsty lover, the partner who is called thirsty.
　　『People who have thirsty love as their partner, reincarnate for a long time,
　　　 becomes this state, other states, does not go beyond reincarnation. 』[It.15/Sn.3.12,745 偈]
　　 This is a thirsty partner.
　　How is a person's companion? There is a class of people who have no cause of benefit, no cause of excitement, and silenceless mind becomes second to one, or third to two, or fourth to three. There were a lot of obscene words, namely: king theory, thieves theory, minister theory, army theory, fear theory, war theory, food theory, beverage theory, clothing theory, bedding theory, garland theory, smell theory, kinship theory , Car ride theory, village theory, town theory, city theory, land theory, woman theory, [man theory,] hero theory, street theory, water well theory, ancestor spirit theory, various theories, world origin theory, ocean origin theory, and so on No matter what [DN.1, paragraph 17]. This is the companion of man. "For this, if with my partner.
"There will be verbal conversation or adhesion": "verbal conversation is called the thirty-two kinds of animalism, that is: king theory... (abbreviated) if there is no matter. "adhesion (attachment)", there are two kinds of adhesion: [ Because] the adhesion of eagerness and [cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of eagerness... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing." It means there will be verbal conversation or adhesion.
"Watching the horror of the future": "horror", the horror of life, the horror of old, the horror of sickness, the horror of death, the horror of kings, the horror of thieves, the horror of fire, the horror of water, the horror of self-reprimand, The horror of others, the horror of clubs, the horror of horror, the horror of waves, the horror of the dragon, the horror of the whirlpool, the horror of the crocodile [AN.4.122], the horror of livelihood, the horror of dishonesty, the horror of the group The fear of cowardice, the horror of intoxication [, the horror of evil], the stiff state of horror, the fear of erect body hair, and the fear of worry in the heart. "Watching the terror of the future": "He is watching, seeing, watching, watching, and observing the terror of the future." To watch the terror of the future, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "So if you are with my partner, there will be verbal conversation or stickiness,
　　 Watching the terror of the future, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　136. All kinds of desires are indeed honey-like and pleasing, and they disturb the heart in various ways.
　　　After seeing all kinds of desires, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"All kinds of desires are indeed honey-like and pleasing": ""Desire", there are two kinds of desires from the eulogy: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (abbreviated) These are called the desires of things... ) These are called the desires of pollution. "Various", various colors, sounds of various colors, smells of various colors, tastes of various colors, touches of various colors, desirable, cute, and desirable , Cute, with desire, greedy. "like honey", this is said by the World-Honored One [MN.139]: Bhikkhus! There are these five desires, which five? Can be known by the eye, which makes people know Wanted, cute, agreeable, cute, accommodating, greedy color, can be recognized by the ear... (slightly) sound, can be recognized by the nose... smell, can be recognized by the tongue The taste of knowing... can be touched by body knowledge, what is desired, cute, desirable, cute, accompanied by desire, and greedy, monks! These are called the five desires. Bhikkhus People! All the happiness and joy that arise from these five desires, monks! This is called lust, filthy happiness, ordinary people’s happiness, and non-sacred music. I said: "It should not be practiced, it should not be practiced, it should not be more Practicing, you should be afraid of this kind of happiness.”” All the desires are indeed honey-like and pleasing. "Intention": "Fan Xin... (abbreviated) corresponds to that consciousness. They make the mind happy, praise, satisfy, and laugh." All kinds of desires are indeed honey-like and pleasing.
　　 "They disturb the heart in a variety of ways": "Touched by a variety of colors... (omitted), they disturb the heart, satisfy and laugh." To disturb the heart in a variety of ways.
　　 "After seeing all kinds of lusts": This isThe Blessed One said [MN.13]: Monks! What is the fault of desire? Bhikkhus! Here, every good man earns his living with skills: whether it is inspection, accounting, calculation, farming, business, cattle grazing, kings, or other skills, he faces the cold and heat, and the horsefly The mosquito, wind, sun, and snake were {contact}[injured], and died of hunger and thirst, monks! This is called the fault of desire, the directly visible accumulation of suffering, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
　　 Bhikkhus! If a virtuous man rises up, works hard, and fails to get wealth, he will be sad, tired, weeping, pounding his chest and crying, and come to confusion [and say]: "My rise is empty, and my efforts are fruitless. . 』Monks! This is called the fault of desire, the directly visible accumulation of suffering, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
　　 Bhikkhus! If a virtuous man gets wealth by rising up, working hard, and working hard, he will feel pain and worry in order to protect those wealth: "How can neither the king take my wealth, nor the thieves will take it, nor the fire will burn it out." , Will not water flow away, nor will the unlovable heirs take it away? 』When he guards and protects those wealth, or the king takes it, or the thieves take it, or the fire burns, or the water runs away, or the unlovable heir takes it away, he sad... (omitted) came to confusion [and Say]: "What I have no longer exists. 』Monks! This is called the fault of desire, the directly visible accumulation of suffering, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
　　 Besides, monks! Desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause, the king and the king, the Kshatriya and the Kshatriya, the Brahman and the Brahmin, the homeowner and the homeowner, the mother and the son Conflict, son and mother, father and son, son and father [, brother and brother], brother and sister, sister and brother, friend and friend. When they were arguing, arguing, and arguing, they attacked each other with fists, clods, clubs, and swords, where they suffered death, or suffering like death. Bhikkhus! This is called the fault of desire, the directly visible accumulation of suffering, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
　　 Besides, monks! Desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause, take up the sword and shield, wear bows and arrows, the two sides confront each other into battle, in the sharp flight of arrows and spears, in the sparkling of swords, there, They were pierced by arrows and spears and beheaded by swords, where they suffered death, or suffering like death. Bhikkhus! This is called the fault of desire, the directly visible accumulation of suffering, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
　　 Besides, monks! Desire for cause, desire for cause, desire for cause, desire is cause, take up the sword and shield, wear the bow and arrow, throw into the slippery defense, in the sharp flight of arrows and spears, in the shining of swords, there They were pierced by arrows and spears, drenched in cow dung, crushed by heavy objects, and beheaded by swords, where they suffered death or suffering like death. Bhikkhus! This is called the fault of desire, the directly visible accumulation of suffering, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
　　 Besides, monks! Desire for cause, desire for cause, desire for cause, desire for cause, they invaded people, took predators, robbed the way, abducted wives, and after the king captured him, he was punished with various punishments: flogging, beating with stick, and cane Beating, cutting off hands... (omitted) Beheading with a sword, where they suffer death, or suffering like death. Bhikkhus! This is called the fault of desire, the directly visible accumulation of suffering, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
　　 Besides, monks! Desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause, do evil with the body, do evil with the word, and do evil with the mind. He did evil deeds with his body and words, and after he did evil with his mind, he was reborn into the suffering world, evil interest, lower world, and hell after his death. Bhikkhus! This is called the fault of desire, the suffering of later generations, desire is the cause, desire is the cause, because of desire, desire is the cause.
"After seeing the troubles on all kinds of desires": "After seeing the troubles on all kinds of desires, he saw, after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." It is after seeing the troubles on all kinds of desires. , Should walk alone like a rhino horn.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "All kinds of desires are indeed honey-like and pleasing, and they disturb the heart in various ways,
　　　After seeing all kinds of desires, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　137. This is my disaster and tumor and scourge, disease and arrow and terror,
　　　 Seeing this fear in various desiresAfter fear, you should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"This is my calamity and tumor and scourge, disease and arrow and terror": This was said by the Blessed One [AN.8.56]: "Bhikkhus! "Terror", which is synonymous with desire; Bhikkhus! "Suffering" , This is synonymous with desire; monks! "disease", this is synonymous with desire; monks! "tumor", this is synonymous with desire; monks! "stabbing an arrow", this is synonymous with desire Bhikkhus! "Dying", this is a synonym for desire; Bhikkhus! "Mud", this is a synonym for desire; Bhikkhus! "Mother fetus", this is a synonym for desire. Bhikkhus! Why is "horrible" ", is this synonymous with desire? Bhikkhus! Because those who are infected and bound by desire and greed should not be free from terror in their lives, and in the next life, they will not be free from terror. Therefore, "terror" is synonymous with desire. Words. Bhikkhus! Why is "suffering"... (omitted) "disease"... "tumor"... "stabbing arrow"... "stained"... "mud"... "mother fetus", which is synonymous with desire What about the language? Bhikkhus! Because those who are tainted and bound by desire and greed will not be free from the mother's womb in life, and will not be free from the mother's womb in the next life, therefore, "fetus" is a synonym for desire.
　　 "Terror, suffering, disease, tumors, piercing arrows and infection, both the quagmire and the fetus,
　　　 These are called desires, where most people are attached.
　　　 fell into a desirable state, then walked into the mother's womb,
　　　 When a monk becomes an enthusiastic person, he does not give up right knowledge.
　　　 He conquered this obstacle and road like that,
　　　 He observes these trembling people: those who have life and death. "
　　 Because this is my disaster and tumor and scourge, disease and stabbing and terror.
"After seeing this horror in all kinds of desires", "After seeing this horror in all kinds of desires, he saw, after seeing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." After seeing this horror in all kinds of desires. , Should walk alone like a rhino horn.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "This is my disaster and tumor and scourge, disease and arrow and terror,
　　　After seeing this horror in all kinds of desires, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　138. Hot and cold, hunger and thirst, and to the wind and sun fly snake,
　　　 After enduring all this, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Hot, cold, hunger and thirst": ""cold", there is cold due to two reasons: cold due to inner excitement, or cold due to external weather. "Hot", hot due to two reasons: excited by inner world And there is heat, or there is heat due to the external climate. Hunger is called hunger. Thirst is called the desire for water." Hunger for cold and heat.
"And to the wind and sun fly snake": ""Wind", east wind, west wind, north wind, south wind, dusty wind, dust-free wind, cold wind, hot wind, breeze, gale, fast wind [SN.17.9], side Wind, golden-winged bird wind, Dora leaf wind, fan wind. The scorching sun is called the torment (scorching heat) of the sun. The horsefly is called the gadfly. The snake (crawler) is called the snake. .
　　 "After enduring all this": "After he has been defeated, overwhelmed, finished, crushed." To endure all this, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "Hunger and thirsty for cold and hot, and for the wind and sun fly snake,
　　　 After enduring all this, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　139. After the dragon elephant gave up the herd: the torso born of the lotus flower, the outstanding person,
　　　 will live in the wild as he likes, and should walk alone like a rhino horn.
　　 "Like a dragon elephant after giving up the herd": The dragon elephant is called the dragon elephant (elephant), and the one who enlightened alone is also the dragon elephant. For what reason is the only enlightened person as a dragon elephant? "Don't commit a crime" is the dragon elephant; "Don't go" is the dragon elephant; "Don't come" is the dragon elephant. How is the single enlightened person "not committing crimes" as a dragon elephant? Crimes are called evil and unwholesome laws: those that are polluted, that there are again, there are fears, those that suffer the consequences, and the ones that will die in the future.
　　 Do not commit any crimes in the world, after leaving all bonds and bonds,
　　 Those who don’t stick to everything and are free, like this are truly called dragon elephants.
　　 This is the one who "does not commit crimes" as the dragon elephant.
　　 How is the single enlightened person "not going" as a dragon elephant? The One Enlightened One shouldn’t do what he doesn’t want to do; what he doesn’t want to do is not what he should do; he who doesn’t go idiotic should not do what he should; Go away with anger; don’t go because of ignorance; don’t go because of slowness; don’t go because of seeing; don’t go because of abandonment; don’t go because of doubt; don’t go because of potential troubles; don’t be quarreled (disharmony) The net method carries, takes away, carries, and moves. In this way, the single enlightened person "will not go" as a dragon elephant.
　　 How is the single enlightened person "not coming" forDragon Elephant? Any pollution that is cut off by the Sutohuan Taoshe, those pollution he no longer experiences, does not return, and does not go back; it is said that... (omitted) is not returned... (omitted) all that is polluted by Arahant Taoshe He will no longer experience, return, or return to those pollutions. This is the one who "does not come" as a dragon elephant.
"Like a dragon elephant after abandoning the herd": "For example, after the dragon elephant gives up, avoids, and avoids the herd, it enters the woods, walks, lives, moves, turns, guards, survives, and survives. Those who are alone in enlightenment also give up, avoid, and avoid the masses, and then they use the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): low-noise, quiet, isolated atmosphere, alone, suitable for alone Sitting; he [walks alone,] walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, lies alone, enters the village alone for alms [, advances alone], returns alone, sits alone in a quiet place, performs alone, walks, lives alone , Act, turn up, guard, survive, and survive." After giving up the herd as a dragon elephant.
"The born torso is the one who has the lotus flower and the outstanding": "If the torso of the dragon elephant has seven treasures or eight treasures, the one who is enlightened only has no learning precepts, no learning, and no learning. To learn the wisdom accumulation, to liberate the accumulation with no learning, to liberate the wisdom with the lack of learning, to see that there is a body that has already been formed; like the dragon with a lotus, the one who has only enlightenment also uses the flower of the seven branches of enlightenment as the one with the lotus: mind The flower of enlightenment, the flower of enlightenment by choosing the law, the flower of enlightenment with energy, the flower of enlightenment with happiness, the flower of enlightenment with tranquility, the flower of enlightenment with calmness. Like that. The head dragon elephant is outstanding with power (fortitude), with strength, with speed, and with courage. The one who is alone with enlightenment is also with precept, with concentration, with wisdom, with liberation, and liberation with wisdom. The torso is the person with lotus, the outstanding person.
"I will live in the wild as he likes": "If the dragon elephant lives in the wild as he likes, so the Enlightened One lives in the wild as he likes: live in the wild as he likes in the first Zen; also With the second jhana...(slightly omitted) and also with the third jhana...and also with the fourth jhana to live in the woods as he likes; to live in the woods as he likes to be liberated with compassion; to be liberated with compassion...also Relieve with joy...and also with peace of mind to live in the woods as you like; also to wait with the emptiness and to live in the woods as you like; and to wait for the boundlessness of knowledge...and to wait for nowhere ...And wait until you want to...and wait until you die...and wait until you live in the woods as you like." Because you can live in the woods as you like, it should be like a rhino horn Go alone.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　"Like a dragon elephant after giving up the herd: the torso born of the lotus flower, the outstanding person
　　　 will live in the wild as he likes, and should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　140. It is impossible: those who are willing to meet can reach temporary relief,
　　　 After listening to the words of the Sun tribe, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"It's impossible: those who are willing to meet can reach temporary relief": "This is said by the Blessed One [MN.122]: Ananda! Indeed, "everyone who is happy to meet, is better at meeting, likes to meet, specializes and enjoys gathering , Bhikkhus who are better than gatherings and get joy in the gatherings will be those who are free-willed, those who are not difficult, and those who do not have difficulties, such as libido, solitary, quiet, and enlightenment. "This is impossible. But, Ananda! "Whoever the bhikkhu lives alone, away from the group, this should be expected: such a bhikkhu will be happy, lonely, quiet, enlightened, etc. That kind of enjoyment, those who have no difficulty, those who have no difficulty, and those who have no difficulty.” This is possible. Ananda! Indeed, “everyone who enjoys gatherings, is better than gatherings, likes gatherings, specializes in gatherings, and is better than gatherings. Bhikkhus who are pleased in the group will enter and live in a temporary, cola heart-free, or non-temporary, unshakable [heart-free]." This is impossible. But Ananda! "Who is that" Bhikkhus live alone and away from groups. This should be expected: such a bhikkhu will live in a temporary, cola-free mind after entering, or a non-temporary and unshakable [heart liberation]." This is possible. "Because that is impossible: those who are willing to meet can reach temporary relief.
"After listening to the words of the Sun tribe": The sun (ādicco) is called the sun (sūriyo), his surname is Gautama, and the one who is enlightened is also the surname of Gautama, and the one who is enlightened is a relative of the surname of the sun and the surname Kinship, so that single enlightened person is from the Sun Clan. "After listening to the words of the Sun people": "The words, ways of speaking, teachings, teachings, admonitions of the Sun people after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, understanding, and discerning." After listening to the words of the Sun people,Should walk alone like a rhino horn.
　　 Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
　　 "It's impossible: those who are willing to meet can reach temporary relief,
　　　 After listening to the words of the Sun tribe, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
　　 The second product [completed].


Summary:
　1. You can also have companions: better or equal to yourself, otherwise friction or useless conversation or adhesion will be increased.
　2. All kinds of desires are indeed sweet and pleasing, but they disturb the heart with variety: desire = terror, bitterness (MA.99 Kuyin meridian), disease, tumor, piercing arrow, dyeing, quagmire, maternal fetus.
　3. Don't be happy to party (MA.191 Great Sky Sutra).
　4. Those who walk alone like rhino horns must be able to tolerate cold, heat, thirst, and wind-sun-fly snakes.
　11/28/2020 06:41
