## Explanation Of The Way To The Far Shore

\newpage

### Preamble

1. From the delightful city of Kosala,  
On the south road,  
Desiring to have nothingness,  
Went a Brāhmaṇa who knows the Vedas.

2. In the realm of Assaka,  
In Alạka between the two countries,  
On the banks of the Godhāvarī River  
He lived begging and picking fruit.

3. Near where he sheltered,  
There was a large village,  
The income from which he used  
To hold a great sacrifice.

4. He returned to his thatched house  
After the sacrifice,  
And when he entered again,  
Another Brāhmaṇa came.

5. With worn feet, thirsty,  
Dirty teeth, dusty head,  
He (the latter) went to see him (the former),  
Begging for five hundred (units of money).

6. When Bāvari (the former) saw him,  
He invited him to sit down,  
Asked if he was well and peaceful, and said:

7. What wealth I had,  
I have given it all away,  
Pardon me, Brāhmaṇa,  
I do not have five hundred.

8. (The latter:) If you will not give it  
To me who asks,  
On the seventh day,  
May your head split into seven pieces.

9. After the imposter contrived (with the usual niceties),  
He declared this terrible curse;  
After he heard these words,  
Bāvari became anguished.

10. He became thin from lack of eating,  
Like one pierced by an arrow;  
Those who have such hearts,  
Their minds are not happy in meditation.

11. Seeing him so afflicted,  
A deity who wanted to benefit (him),  
Came to see Bāvari and said:

12. This imposter who asks for money  
Does not know about the head,  
Nor about head-splitting,  
This is not known by him.

13. (Bāvari:) If that is the case,  
If you know, please tell me when asked,  
About the head and head-splitting,  
Let me hear your words.

14. (Deity:) Neither do I know this,  
It is not known by my wisdom,  
Only the conquerors know about head-splitting.

15. (Bāvari:) If that is the case,  
Then who on this earth knows,  
About the head and head-splitting:  
Please tell me about him!

16. (Deity:) Formerly a bhikkhu from Kapilavatthu,  
The teacher of the world,  
Descendant of the Okkāka king, son of the Sakyas,  
He who brings light;

17. His Dhamma has reached the other side,  
Gone beyond all doctrines,  
A Brāhmaṇa Buddha with great wisdom and power,  
Knowledge of all dhammas, freed from corruption,  
The liberated one who is extinct in adherence.

18. He is the Buddha, respected by the world,  
Who teaches the Dhamma to the world,  
Come to him and ask,  
He will explain to you.

19. After hearing the words "Enlightened One,"  
Bāvari was pleased.  
His sorrow was lessened,  
His joy was great.

20. Happy, enthusiastic, and joyful,  
Bāvari asked the deity:  
In which village or town or place,  
Can we see after going there,  
The enlightened person, the highest biped?

21. (Deity:) In the land of Kosala, in Sāvatthī,  
Is the conqueror, the wise man,  
The Sakyamuni, who is incomparable,  
Trouble-free, the unattached, bull of men.

22. Then the Brāhmaṇa summoned his disciples,  
Brāhmaṇas who knew the Vedas:  
Students! Come! I will speak to you,  
Please listen to my words.

23. One rare to see,  
Now he arises in the world;  
He is known as the Enlightened One,  
Make haste to Sāvatthī to see this greatest of bipeds.

24. (Students:) And how will we know, Brāhmaṇa, the Buddha?  
Tell those of us who do not know,  
How we can know him.

25. (Bāvari:) He was described in the Vedas,  
Thirty-two marks are fully described in order.

26. For those who have these on their body,  
These features of a great man,  
There are two ways,  
A third cannot be found.

27. If he lives at home,  
After conquering this land,  
With no rod and no sword,  
He rules with justice.

28. But if he becomes a homeless man,  
He becomes the one who lifts the veil,  
The enlightened one,  
And the supreme Arahant.

29. (About my) lineage, surname, characteristics,  
Vedas, disciples, and further,  
About the head and head-splitting:  
Please ask (him) only in your mind.

30. If he is the Buddha,  
The unobstructed seer,  
When you ask with your mind,  
He will answer in words.

31. After hearing Bāvari's words,  
Sixteen Brāhmaṇa disciples:  
Ajita, Tissa Metteyya,  
Punṇạka, and Mettagū,

32. As well as Dhotaka and Upasīva,  
Nanda and Hemaka,  
The two Todeyya and Kappa,  
And the wise Jatukanṇị̄,

33. As well as Bhadrāvudha and Udaya,  
And the Brāhmaṇa Posāla,  
The clever Mogharāja,  
And the great rishi Piṅgiya;

34. All having disciples or followers,  
Famous people in the world,  
Meditators, jhāna-loving,  
Sturdy in past practice;

35. After asking Bāvari, they rose,  
Circled him to the right,  
Put on their sheepskins,  
And left to the north.

36. Patitṭḥāna of Alạka first,  
Then to Māhissatī,  
To Ujjenī and Gonaddhā,  
Vedisā, and Vanasa,

37. Also to Kosambī and Sāketa,  
And the highest city Sāvatthī,  
Setavya, Kapilavatthu,  
And the city of Kusinārā,

38. Pāvā and Bhoga city,  
Vesālī, Māgadhan city,  
And Pāsānạka Cetiya (Rock Temple),  
Pleasant and charming.

39. As cool water is to a thirsty person,  
As a great profit is to a merchant,  
Like the shade of the sun to those oppressed by heat,  
They hurried up the mountain.

40. At that time, the Blessed One was arranged  
In front of the Bhikkhu Saṅgha,  
Teaching the Dhamma,  
Like a lion roaring in the forest.

41. Ajita saw the Buddha:  
Like the sun woven by light,  
Like the moon on the fifteenth day  
Reaching its fullness.

42. Having seen the Buddha  
And his complete features,  
He (Ajita) stood to the side  
And asked questions in his mind:

43. Please tell us about the birth of our teacher,  
Please tell us his surname and characteristics,  
Please tell me about his perfection in the Vedas,  
(And) how many (students) does the Brāhmaṇa teach?

44. (The Blessed One:) His age is one hundred and twenty years,  
His surname is Bāvari,  
He has three characteristics on his body,  
And he is one who knows the Three Vedas.

45. In terms of characteristics and ancient legends,  
Including vocabulary and rituals,  
He teaches five hundred (students),  
And he has achieved perfection in his (own) teaching.

46. (Ajita, non-verbally:) Blessed One,  
Whose thirst is quenched,  
Tell us of Bāvari's characteristics  
So that we can have no doubts.

47. (The Blessed One:) He can cover his face with his tongue,  
He has a white tuft of hair between the eyebrows,  
His male organ is sheathed,  
Know this, student.

48. Having heard answers  
Without having heard the questions,  
(Religious) joy arose in the Saṅgha,  
And, hands together, they thought:

49. Which deva or Brahmā,  
Or even Indā, the husband of Sujā,  
Who asks these questions in the mind?  
Whom does he answer?

50. (Ajita, verbally): Bāvari asked about the head and head-splitting,  
Please answer, Blessed One,  
For the removal of our doubts, great rishi!

51. (The Blessed One:) Ignorance is the "head,"  
Knowledge is the "head-splitting,"  
When combined with faith, mindfulness,  
Concentration, desire, and vitality.

52. The student Brāhmaṇa,  
Strengthened with religious feelings,  
Arranged his hide over one shoulder  
And fell with his head to (The Blessed One's) feet.

53. (Ajita:) Master Bāvari, the Brāhmaṇa,  
Together with his disciples,  
Happy, and respectful,  
We bow to your feet, One who sees clearly.

54. (The Blessed One:) May Bāvari the Brāhmaṇa by happy,  
Together with his students;  
May you too be happy  
And live long, student!

55. Bāvari's doubts or yours,  
The doubts of all,  
Have been permitted (to be asked),  
Please ask whatever you want.

56. Having the permission of the Enlightened One,  
They sat down and pressed their palms together, 
And Ajita asked his first question of the Tathāgata.

\newpage
