### 1. Ajita

(Translators note: for the sake of brevity in chapter titles, these will be
abbreviated to the student's name. The full title is _Explanations of the
Questions Asked by the Brahmin Student Ajita_.)

1. Venerable Ajita, like this: What is the world surrounded by?
    Because of what does it not shine?
What do you say is its adhesion? What is its great horror?

"What is the world surrounded by": "the world," the world of hell, the animal
world, the world of evil spirits, the world of mankind, the world of heaven, the
world of aggregates, the world of realm, the world of living, this world, other
worlds, the Brahma world, the heavenly world, this is called the world. This
world is covered, covered, obscured, closed, hidden.

Venerable Ajita, like this: "Like this," the continuation of sentences; the
connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words;
the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this"
"Venerable," this is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience. It is
"Venerable." "Ajita," the name, name, title, security, common name, name,
Naming, appellation, words, phrases, appellations.

"Because of what is it not shining": For what is not shining, not illuminating,
not bright, not being known.

"What do you mean by its adhesion": What is the world's adhesion, binding, and
defilement? Because of what world is contaminated, strongly contaminated,
closely contaminated (polluted), smeared, mixed, attached, fixed, obstructed,
you say, you explain, you teach, you inform, you build, you uncover, you
analyze, you clarify, you explain.

"What is this great horror": What is the world's horror, great terror,
oppression, attack, scourge, and disaster.

2. [The Blessed One: "Ajita!"] The world is surrounded by ignorance,
    because it is stingy and unrestrained.
I say that craving is its adherence, and suffering is its great horror.

"The world is enveloped by ignorance": "Ignorance," ignorance of suffering,
ignorance of the path leading to suffering, ignorance of the past, The ignorance
of the future, the ignorance of the past and the future, the ignorance of the
specific conditionality and the conditioned-arising Dhamma, all such ignorance,
invisible, unobserved, unconscious, unenlightened, impassable, unconscious,
unexplored, incorrect view, uninspected, incorrectly seen, inferior wisdom,
unrighteous knowledge, obsession, violent currents of ignorance, yoke of
ignorance, ignorance of the underlying tendency of worry, the entanglement of
ignorance, the fence of ignorance, and the root of ignorance are called
ignorance.

"Worlds": the world of hell, the animal world, the world of evil spirits, the
world of human beings, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world
of realms, the world of being, this world, other worlds, the world of Brahma.
The world of heaven which is called the world. This world is enveloped, covered,
obscured, closed, hidden, covered by this ignorance.

"Ajita": The Blessed One calls the Brahman by his name. "The Blessed One" is
synonymous with respect. In addition, the "Greed Breaker" is the Blessed One;
the "Sickness Destroyer" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the
conceit" is the Blessed one; "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the
Blessed one; the "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed one; "the
one who has destroyed the pollutants" is Blessed One; "the one who has ended" is
the Blessed One; "the one who has practiced the body, the precepts, the mind,
and the wisdom" is the Blessed one; or "the Blessed one is close to the woods,
wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting place): The one who is speaks less,
is quiet, away from the human atmosphere, living alone, and suitable for sitting
alone" is the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the one who divides clothes,
food, shelter, the needs of patients, and medical necessities" is the Blessed
One; Or "The Blessed One is the one who has the taste of righteousness, the
taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the increased precepts, the mind, and
the wisdom" is the world-blessed one; or "The Blessed One is the four kinds of
jhāna, the four immeasurables, the four formlessness, etc. The one who divides
is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One is the one who has the eighth liberation,
the eight victories, the ninth dwelling place, etc., the Blessed One; or the
Blessed One is the practice of ten thoughts, (ten) places to wait, in and out of
breath, the one who is the one who waits; the one who is purely divided is the
Blessed One; or the Blessed One divides the four mindfulness, the four
righteousness, the four divine bases (iddhipāda), the five faculties, the five
powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy
path. Blessed One; or The Blessed One is Ten Tathāgata, Four Fearlessness, Four
Unobstructed Solutions, Six supernatural powers and the six enlightenment
methods is the world-blessed one. "World Honored One," this name is not given by
mother; not given by father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not
given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by Samaṇa or Brahman. What
is given; what is not given by heaven is ultimate liberation; the establishment
(pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the Blessed One,
under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom, that is, the Blessed One.

"Because of being stingy, letting go is not shining": Being stingy is the five
kinds of stinginess: (right) living stinginess, household stinginess, gaining
stinginess, praise stinginess, dhamma stinginess, everything like this stingy,
stingy state, greed, heart clenched state, this is called stingy. In addition,
the accumulation of stinginess is also stingy;  stinginess in the world is also
stingy; being stingy in opinion is also stingy, this is called stingy. In evil
deeds of the body, or in evil deeds of speech, or in evil deeds of intention, or
in the five desires, letting go can be turned away, the heart's abandonment does
not arise, or the practice of good Dhamma is not respectful. The state of
impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the state of being stuck to the
habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting responsibility,
not practicing, not practicing much, not establishing, relaxation. Anything like
this state of letting go, this is called relaxation. "Because of being stingy,
letting go does not shine": The world is not shining, not illuminating, not
bright, not being known because of this being stingy, not shining.

"I say that enthusiasm is its adhering": Aspiration is called craving, that is
greed, lust, acquiescence, conformity, joy, desire, obsession, taking,
contaminated, disturbance, fraud, (reincarnation) root cause, (bitter)
fertility, tailoring (greed), net, river, bondage, rope, attachment,
accumulation, companionship, desire, intimate interaction, forest, jungle, love,
expectation, relationship, desire for sex, desire for sounds, desire for smells,
desire for tastes, desire for touches, desire for acquisition, desire for
wealth, desire for sons, desire for life, the state of desire, hope, prayer,
greedy appearance, possessing greed, inquiring for profit,  illegal greed,
improper greed, hope, envy, desire for desire, desire for some, desire for
nothingness, desire for sex, formless thirst, extinguished thirst, erotic
thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst, dhamma thirst,
torrent, yoke (binding), binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, covering,
defilements, potential trends of troubles, entanglement, vines, stinginess,
suffering roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering, magical nets,
magical hooks, magical food, the realm of the devil, the residence of the devil,
the state of the devil, the bondage of the devil, the river of thirst, the net
of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst, craving, greed, and the root
of unwholesomeness. This is called desire. Adhesion to the world, binding, and
defilement, because of this desire the world is contaminated, polluted, closely
contaminated, strongly contaminated, smeared, mixed, adhered, defiled,
obstructed, I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I
clarify, I explain.

"Suffering is its great horror": "Suffering": suffering from birth, suffering
from old age, suffering from illness, suffering from death, suffering from
sorrow, suffering from despair, suffering from hell, the suffering of the animal
world, suffering from evil spirits, suffering from human beings, the root cause
of suffering. The suffering of entering the womb, the suffering of living in the
womb, the suffering of birth, the suffering of the living being dependent, the
suffering of the living being manipulated by others, the suffering of their own
actions, the suffering from the actions of others, bitterness, diseases of the
eye, ear, nose, tongue, body, head, external ear, mouth, tooth, cough, asthma,
external nose disease, fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, dysentery,
abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy,
scabies, wind, scratches (a type of leprosy), dry skin, hemorrhoids, diabetes,
rash (boils and blisters), ulcers, diseases caused by gall bladder, diseases
caused by sputum, diseases caused by wind, diseases caused by (three) collective
diseases, diseases caused by changing seasons, and from improper posture, sudden
illnesses, illnesses born from the results of kamma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst,
feces, urine, mosquitoes, wind-scorching snakes, suffering from dead mothers,
suffering from dead fathers, from dead brothers, dead sisters, dead children,
the dead daughters, the suffering of relatives' loss, the suffering of the loss
of wealth, the suffering of the loss of disease, the suffering of the decline of
precept, the suffering of the decline of seeing. For all Dhamma, from the
beginning, it was known; from extinction, to extinction, it was known, the
retribution is based on kamma; kamma is based on kamma, form is based on name;
name is based on form. Those who are followed by birth, accompanied by birth,
followed by old, conquered by disease, struck by death, sheltered in suffering,
no shelter, no return, and no refuge are called suffering. This suffering is the
world's terror, great terror, oppression, blow, evil, and disaster.

3. [Venerable Ajita, like this:] The streams flow out everywhere, what protects
   (from) the streams?
Please talk about the restraint of the streams, how are the streams closed off?

"The currents flow everywhere": "The currents," the flow of thirst, the flow of
seeing, the flow of pollution, the flow of evil deeds, and the flow of
ignorance. "Everywhere," in all places. "Flow," currents, streams. From the eyes
to the forms, flow; from the ears to the sounds... from the nose to the
smells... from the tongue to the tastes... from the body to the touches... from
intentions, flows, flows out, and circulates. The cravings flowing from the eyes
to the form, flowing from the ears to the sound; the cravings flowing from the
nose to the smell... the cravings flowing from the tongue to the taste... the
craving flows from the body to the touch... the craving from the intentional
Dhamma flows.

"[Like this, Venerable Ajita]": "Like this," the continuation of the sentence...
(omitted) this is the order of the sentence, "Like this" ...(omitted).

"What is the protection of the currents": What is the protection of the
currents: Self-control, guarding, and protection.

"Please talk about the self-control of the streams": The shelter of the
streams, self-control, protection please explain, please teach, please inform,
please establish, please uncover, please parse, please clarify.

"What are the currents closed by?": How are the currents closed or cut off?
When they do not flow.

4. [The Blessed One: "Ajita!"] All the currents in the world, mindfulness is
   their protection,
I say this is the restraint of the various streams, these are closed by wisdom.

"All the streams in the world": All these streams that I told about, explained,
taught, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, and which were explained,
namely: the flows of desire, sight, pollution, evil deeds, and ignorance. "In
the world," in the world of suffering, the world of mankind, the world of
heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places. For
all currents in the world. "Ajita": The Blessed One called the Brahman by his
name.

"Mindfulness is their protection": "Mindfulness," common mindfulness, random
mindfulness, remembrance, mindfulness of mindfulness, memorization,
non-drifting, non-forgetfulness, power, thought support, the road without forks,
this is called mind. "Protection," cover, self-control, guard.

"I speak of the self-control of the streams": The shelter of the streams,
self-control, guarding, protection, I say, I explain... (omitted) I clarify, I
explain.

"These are closed by wisdom": "Wisdom," that is wisdom, knowledge and
understanding... (abbreviated), no delusion, choice of Dhamma, right view.
"These are closed by wisdom": These flows are closed and cut off by wisdom. They
do not flow, and do not flow out. "All actions are impermanent." When the are
known and seen, these flows are closed and cut by wisdom. They do not flow, do
not circulate; "all deeds are suffering" when known and seen, these flows are
closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not circulate; "All deeds are
selfless" when known and seen, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom,
they do not flow; "doing with ignorance as a condition" When known and seen,
these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not
circulate; "Knowledge is based on behavioral conditions"... (abbreviated)
"Knowledge is a condition and there is name and form"..." There are six sense
bases due to condition"..."There is touch with the six sense bases as the
condition"..."The feeling is due to the contact"..."There is thirst with the
feeling"..."With the thirst as the condition There is taking"..."Taking as a
condition for existence"..."With being as a condition for living"..."With life
as a condition for being old" When known and seen, these flows are closed and
cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not circulate; "destroy with ignorance
disappearing"..."destroying with deeds"..."destroying with consciousness and
form"..."with name and form Extinguish and extinction in six sense
bases"..."Extinction in six sense bases"..."Extinction by contact"..."Extinction
with thirst"..."Extinction with thirst and love"... "Take and extinguish, there
will be extinguished"..."Birth and death with existence and decay"..."Birth and
death to grow old and die." When known and seen, these flows are closed and cut
off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow out; "This is suffering" is the
rendezvous, after seeing the Dhamma; "This is the aggregation of suffering"...
"This is the cessation of suffering"... "This is the path leading to the
cessation suffering." When it is known and seen, these flows are closed and cut
off by wisdom, they do not flow do not circulate; "These dhammas are
defilements"... "These dhammas are defilement aggregates"... "This is
defilement" ... "This is the path leading to defilements" Known and seen, these
flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow; "These Dhamma should
be known"..." "This Dhamma should be widely known"... "This Dhamma should be cut
off"... "This Dhamma should be practiced"... "This Dhamma should be testified,"
when known and seen, these flows are closed by wisdom, cut off, they do not
flow; the gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and detachment of the six
touch points, when known and seen, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom,
they do not flow; the gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and separation
of the five aggregates, when you know and see...the gathering, extinction, and
happiness of the four major types, taste, trouble, renunciation, when knowing,
seeing... "Any concentration is extinguishing" When knowing and seeing, these
flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not circulate.

5. [Venerable Ajita like this:] Wisdom and mindfulness, and name and form, dear
   sir!
When asked about this, please declare: where is this destroyed?

"Wisdom and mind": "Wisdom," that is being wise, understanding, simple
selection, investigation, discernment, recognition, discrimination, close
observation, inspection, learned virtuous wisdom, proficiency, cleverness,
study, reflection, review, contemplation, examination, general comprehensive
wisdom, Vipassanā, Right Knowledge, Sting Rod, Wisdom Root, Wisdom Sword, Wisdom
Palace, Wisdom Bright, Wisdom Light, Wisdom Light, No Deception, Choosing
Dhamma, Right view. "Mind," common mind, free mind... (omitted) mindfulness.

"And name and form, dear sir": "Name" is the four formless aggregates. "Form"
is the four great elements and any form derived from the four great elements.
"Dear Sir," This is a language of love, honorific, respectful and obedient
language.

"When you are asked about this, please tell me": "I...this," everything I ask;
everything I beg; everything I ask for; everything that makes me clear. "When
asked," when being questioned; when being begged; when being requested; when
being made clear. "Please tell," please explain, please teach, please inform,
please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify.

"Where is this destroyed": Where is this extinguished, calmed down, walked to
non-existence, ceased.

6. (The Blessed One:) When you ask this question, Ajita! I will tell you, where
   name and form are destroyed without any remaining:
With the extinguishing of consciousness, they are destroyed.

"Where the question is asked": "Where this" is wisdom, mind, name and form.
"Ask," you ask; what you beg for; you ask; make you clear.

"Ajita! I will tell you that": "Ajita," .... "That" is wisdom, mind, name and
form. "I tell," I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I parse, I
clarify, I explain.

"Where name and form are destroyed without remainder": "Name" ...(omitted).
"Form," ...(omitted). "Without remainder," completely, without surplus, and the
whole earth. This is the meaning of "without remainder." "Destroyed," destroyed,
calmed down, walked to non-existence, ceased.

"The destruction of consciousness, here it is destroyed": The destruction of
consciousness through the wisdom of the, except for the seven beings, all names
and forms that can arise in the endless cycle of rebirth are here annihilated,
calmed down, gone to non-existence, and ceased. Through the way of wisdom, to
create the annihilation of consciousness, except for the two beings, all the
names and forms that can arise in the five and five beings are here are
destroyed, calmed down, come to non-existence, ceased. Through the non-return of
wisdom, to create the destruction of consciousness, except for one existence,
all the names and forms that can arise in the physical and non-material realms
are here annihilated, calmed down, walked to non-existence, and ceased. The
Arahant passes through the non-remaining Nibbāna realm to extinguish the final
consciousness at the time of nibbāna. Wisdom, mindfulness, name, and form are
all destroyed and calmed here. Come down, go to non-existence, cease.

7. (Ajita:) Those who know the Dhamma, and everyone learning here,
When I ask the wise one about their behavior, dear sir! Please tell me. [SN.12.31]

"Those know know the Dhamma": Those who perceive the Dhamma are called Arahants,
those who have exhausted their troubles. For what reason is the enlightened
person called an Arahant, a person who has exhausted his troubles? They are the
perceivers of the Dhamma, the knowers of the Dhamma, the measurers of the
Dhamma, the judges of the Dhamma, the clear ones. "All actions are impermanent,"
the perceiver of the Dhamma, the knower of the Dhamma, the weigher of the
Dhamma, the judge of the Dhamma; the observation of the Dhamma "all actions are
suffering" The enlightened person... (abbreviated) The enlightened person of the
Dhamma of "all action is no-self"... the enlightened person of the Dhamma of
"action based on ignorance"... the Dhamma of "all dhammas are extinguished" The
one who perceives the Dhamma, the one who knows the Dhamma, the one who judges
the Dhamma, the one who understands the Dhamma. Or, to them, it is the
enlightened person of the aggregate, the enlightened person of the realm, the
enlightened person of the place, the enlightened person of interest, the
enlightened person of rebirth, the enlightened person of rebirth, the
reincarnation of the perceiver, the reincarnation of the perceiver. Or, they are
the inhabitants of the ultimate (boundary), the ultimate in the world, the
ultimate in the place, the ultimate in the place of interest, the ultimate in
the rebirth, the Those who live the ultimate, those who have the ultimate, those
who are the ultimate in rebirth, those who are the ultimate in the cycle, the
Arahant who holds the last body.

"(In the uncountable tribulations, they are the ones who gain the body,) This is
their last, final body.
The reincarnation of life and death, without them there will be (rebirth)."
[Thag.202]

For this reason, the enlightened person is called an Arahant, a person who has
exhausted his troubles. "Those who know the Dhamma, and everyone learning here":
"There is learning," for what reason are they said to be learning? "They learn,"
hence learning. And what do they learn? The learn to increase precepts, they
learn to increase mind, and they also learn to increase wisdom.

What is meant by "to increase precepts?" Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who
lives in the protection of self-control of the Patimokkha. He has sufficient
righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns
after being upheld in the school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept
aggregates are the foundation of abstinence, the (self) inhibition of behavior,
the entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dhamma, etc., this is to
increase precept learning.

What is meant by "to increase mind?" Here, the bhikkhu starts from the desire to
escape... (omitted) the first jhāna... the second jhāna... the third jhāna...
after entering, he lives in the fourth jhāna (neither suffering or joyous, from
calm and chanting), this is "to learn to increase mind."

What is learning to increase wisdom? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise person,
possessing the wisdom of arising and passing away; the holy, insight, and the
complete extinction of suffering is (the wisdom), he truthfully knows "This is
suffering. ...(omitted) This is a hard work." ... "This is the path that leads
to suffering." ... "These are troubles." ... "This is the set of troubles." ...
"This is annoyance." To know the truth: "This is the path leading to troubles."
This is the addition of wisdom. These three learnings, they learn when they face
(note); they learn when they know; they learn when they see (; when they learn
when introspection); they learn when the mind is established (decision); they
learn when faith prevails; They learn with vigor and hard work; when mindfulness
arises, they learn; when mind is set (focused) they learn; when wisdom is
learned, they learn; when they are proved to be known, they learn; They learn
when they know; they learn through renunciation; they learn when they are
practised; they practice well, and sustain when they are testified. Then they
went on. For this reason they are called learning. "Everyone" is many. These
learned practitioners are the Sotāpanna, Sakadāgāmī, Anāgāmī, and Arahant.
"Here," in this view, in this liking, in this hobby, in this proposition, in
this Dhamma, in this teaching, in this practice, In the teachings of the Master,
in this individual, in this human world.

"When the wise are asked about their behavior, my dear sir! Please tell me": You
are the wise and enlightened. Those who know the Dhamma and learned the
behavior, conduct, practice, travel, residing, and path. "Are asked," being
questioned; begging, being inquired of; make it clear. "Please tell": please
explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please
analyze, please clarify. "Dear Sir," ....

8. (The Blessed One:) You should not be greedy in desire,
    and your mind should not be muddy,
Being a skillful person of all dhammas, the bhikkhu should wander mindfully.

"Should not be greedy in desire": "Desire," there are two kinds of desires: the
desire for things and the desire for pollution. What are the desires for things?
Desirable sight, sound, smell, taste, touch, bedding, clothing, maidservants,
goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows, horses, mules, horses,
fields, houses, gold, gold coins, villages and towns, capitals, countries,
territories, treasuries, warehouses, everything that can be tainted by greed is
the desire for things.

In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal
desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires,
medium desires, superior desires, desires in the suffering world, and human
desires. Heaven's desire, existing desire, created desire, uncreated desire,
created desire by others, possessed desire, unoccupied desire, cherished desire,
the desires that are not cherished, the desires of all the worlds of desire, the
desires of all the worlds of physicality, all the desires of the world of
non-material worlds, rely on thirst and desire for love, so that people want
righteousness; greed and righteousness; the desire to be intoxicated by
righteousness and happiness is called the desire for things.

What is the desire for defilement? The desire for desire, the desire for greed,
the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire for lust, the
desire for intention, the joy of desire, love obsession, desire, the binding
yoke of desire, attachment, the desire for cover.

"Seeing those roots of desire, wanting to be produced by thought (intention), I
will not think of them, so desire will not exist."
[Jat.8.421]

These are called polluting desires.. Craving thirst, attachment, it is greed,
lust... (abbreviated) unwholesome roots. "Should not be greedy in desire": The
desire to pollute should not be greedy or obstructed in the desire of things. It
should be separated from the greedy, and those who have excluded greed, have
been freed from greed, have renounced greed, have no greed, have eliminated
greed, those who have attained the cessation of greed, have no hunger and
thirst, those who have extinguished, have become cool, and feel joy, should live
as a brahman.

"Mind should not be muddy": "Mind": all the heart, mind, heart (dirty), white
(clean), meaning, intentions, consciousness, corresponding to that
consciousness. With evil acts of the body, the mind becomes turbid, agitated,
moving, impacting, volatile, fluctuating, rotating, and restless; acting evil
with words... (omitted) acting evil with intention... with greed...
Affliction...with ignorance...with anger...with resentment...to hide evil...with
domineering...with jealousy...with stinginess...with hypocrisy...with
cunning...with stubbornness...with passion...with conceit... with arrogance...
with letting go... with all pollution... with all evil deeds... with all
troubles... with all heat... With all the heat (suffering)... The unwholesome
mind turbid, agitated, volatile, fluctuating, rotating, and restless. "The mind
should not be muddy": The mind should not be cloudy: not disturbed, not shaken,
not moved, not rotated, calmed down, and all pollution should be abandoned. It
should be abandoned, it should be discarded, it should be driven away, it should
be ended, it should be made to cease to exist. It should be separated from
muddiness and pollution, quashed, abstained, separated, left, liberated. He is
free from bondage, he should live with a heart free from restriction.

"This is a skillful person of all the Dhamma": "All actions are impermanent"
knows the one skillful in all the Dhamma; "All actions are suffering;" ... "all
actions are without self" is the goodness of the Dhamma. The person skillful in
all dhammas knows that "ignorance is the cause of all deeds."

Or (seen as) and impermanent skillful person for the good of all dhammas; it is
suffering... (omitted) it is disease... it is the tumor... it is the arrow...
the curse... the other side... corruption... disaster... movable...
perishable...unstable... it is no refuge... is miserable... the root of
misfortune... hypocritical... empty... selfless... it is the dhamma of
impermanence... the murderer... promising... bait... is life... the old
method... the method of sorrow and despair, of pollution, the pleasure... the
extinction... the trouble..., a good man who renounces for the skillfulness of
all dhammas.

Or, the person skillful with the aggregates, ...of the would, ...of the place,
...with dependent origination, of mindfulness, righteousness, the gods, ...of
the root, of power, of consciousness, of support, of the Path, of the Fruit, of
Nibbāna.

Or, all dhamma is called the twelve places: eyes and forms, ears and sounds,
nose and smell, tongue and taste, body and touch, mind and dhamma, and because
of desire and greed in the inner and outer parts of oneself being cut off, the
roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming a
non-existent, non-living thing for the future.

"Bhikkhus should march (wander) mindfully": "mindfully" in four ways: when
practicing mindfulness on the body, when practicing mindfulness on receiving,
when watching the mind in the heart, when the practice is in line with the
teachings, it is mindful.

And again in four ways: the state of avoiding non-mind, the state of the Dhamma
that should be done to the mind, the state of the Dhamma that is obstructed by
the mind, the state of the mindfulness factor (phase) not being forgotten.

And in four ways: the state of possessing mindfulness, the state of abiding in
mindfulness, the state of experiencing mindfulness, and the state of mindfulness
not lowering.

And again in four ways: with the state of being mindful as the object of
mindfulness, the quiet state as the object, the calm state as the object, the
state of silence; the recollection of the Buddha, the recollection of the
Dhamma, the recollection of the Saṅgha, the precepts, the alms, the day of the
mind (mind of the sky?); mindfulness of the in and out breath, of death, of the
body, of silence; all mindfulness, free-mindfulness... the path without a fork
are called mindfulness. Having been fully possessed, reaching fully, possessing,
arriving, with this thought, he is called mindful. "Bhikkhu," he who destroyed
the state of the seven dhammas is called Bhikkhu; seeing is destroyed, suspicion
is destroyed, prohibition... greed... anger... delusion... sloth...  those evil
and unwholesome dhammas are destroyed: shunning pollution (defilement), the
others, the fear, the bitter fruit, will no longer live for the future.

The Blessed One [Sn.3.6, 519]:

"By his own practice, to Nibbāna, transcending skeptics,
After abandoning nothingness and existence, the one who has been completed,
The one who is extinct, he is a Bhikkhu."

"Bhikkhus should march mindfully": Bhikkhus should proceed mindfully, walk
mindfully, stand mindfully, sit down mindfully, lie down mindfully, go forward
mindfully, step back... look forward... observe... bend... straighten...,  hold
coats, bowls, and clothes mindfully, walk and live mindfully, act, go on, guard,
survive.

---

At the end of the verse, for those who live with the same intention, same
endeavor, same intention, and same dwelling place as the Brahman, the distant
dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any collection of
dhammas is extinction." The mind of a Brahmin is free from all defilements by
not clinging. Along with reaching the realm of Arahant, sheepskin clothing,
knotted hair, bark clothing, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair and beards
disappeared, becoming bald, replaced with robes, cloth clothes, overcoats,
bowls, and clothes. They show respect to the Blessed One and sit down: "Great
Virtue! The Blessed One is my teacher and I am a disciple."

\newpage
