### 1. Tissa Metteyya

9. [Like this, Venerable Tissa Metteyya] Who in the world is contented? For whom
   is there no wavering?
Who will not be stuck in the middle after considering both sides?
Who do you say is a "great man?" Who here transcended the seamstress?

"Who here in the world is contented": Who is the contented person, the
satisfied person, one whose intentions are complete?

"[Like this]": "Like this," the continuation of the sentences; the connection
of the words; the completion of the sentences; the combination of words; this is
the order of the sentence, which is "like this." "Venerable," this is a synonym
of love, respect, and obedience. It is "Venerable." "Tissa," the name, name,
title, security of the brāhmaṇa, titles, words, phrases. "Tissa Metteyya," the
Brahman's surname, name, title, and common name.

"For whom there is no wavering": The wavering of love, the wavering of sight,
the wavering of sloth, the wavering of pollution, the wavering of desire, for
whom these waverings do not exist, are not known, have been cut off, calmed
down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom.

"Who has tested both sides": Who is, after testing knowledge on both sides,
after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying.

"After consideration, there will be no contamination in the middle": After
consideration, is not contaminated in the middle, no longer contaminated, no
close contaminants. He has been separated, has left, has been freed, has been
liberated from the bondage, and he has departed, and dwelt without a restrained
heart.

"Who do you say is a 'great man'": A great man is the highest person, the most
victorious person, the winner, the first, the top. Who do you say, Who are you
telling, who are you talking about.

"Who has surpassed the tailor here": Who arrived here, conquered the tailor,
thirst for love, has passed, crossed, overcome.

10. [The Blessed One: "Metteyya"] Among the desires, there are Brahmans who are
    always mindful and detached from desire.
After considering, this extinguished Bhikkhu, for him there is no wavering.

"There are Brahmans, among the desires": "Desire," there are two kinds of
desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (abbreviated) these
are called the desires of things... these are called the desire for pollution.
Brahma is called separation, abstinence, withdrawal, renunciation, departure,
inaction, no offense, and no transgression from non-rectification, etc. Or, with
no difference, Brahman is called the eight branches of the holy path, namely:
right view, right will, right speech, right kamma, right life, right diligence,
right thoughts, right concentration. Those who have fully possessed, entered,
walked in, these eight holy paths, he is called a brahman. For example, he is
called a "property person" by property; he is called a person with wealth; he is
called a person with reputation; and he is called a person with technology.
Skilled people; precepts are called "precepts;" one with vigor is called a
"vigorous one;" ones with wisdom are called "wise ones;" in the same way, anyone
who possesses, fully possesses ... these eight noble paths, he is called a
brahman.

"Metteyya," the Blessed One calls the Brahman by his surname. "Blessed One,"
this is a respectful synonym... (omitted) who testified, that is, the Blessed
One.

"Always mindful, detached from desire": The desire of "desire for love" is the
thirst for the Dhamma. For him the desire for love has been cut off and calmed
down, halted, unable to arise, burned away by the fire of wisdom, he is called
the one who is detached from thirst, the one who abandons thirst, the one who
eliminates thirst, the one who releases the thirst, the one who dismisses the
thirst, the one who renounces the thirst. Those who are not greedy, those who
abandon greed, who exclude greed, free themselves from greed, renounce greed,
those who do not hunger and thirst, those who have become cool, those who feel
happy, those who regard themselves as Brahman. "Always," always; everything; all
the time; eternally; constantly; continuously; uninterrupted; successively; like
waves in water waves arising without pausing; in the morning, afternoon, first
watches of the night, midnight, last night; in the black moon, bright moon,
rainy season, winter, summer; in youth, middle age, and old age. The "person
mindful of" is mindful in four ways: mindful of practice, mindful of body, when
the mindful practice is seen in the mind, and when practicing mindfulness in the
Dhamma... (omitted) he is called mindful.

"After considering it, this extinguished bhikkhu": After consideration, it is
called wisdom. It is understanding, simple selection, investigation...
(abbreviated) no delusion, choice, right view. "After consideration," after
knowing, after understanding, after measurement, after judgment, after
separation, after clarification: "All activities are impermanent" after
consideration, after knowing, after understanding, after measurement, after
judgment, after separation, after clarification; "Everything is suffering...
"All things are non-self"... "Arising from ignorance"... "Any collection of
Dhamma is an extinction of Dhamma" After considering, knowing, understanding,
and weighing, after judgement, after separation, after clarification.

Or, (seen as) the consideration of impermanence, after knowing..., it is
suffering... it is disease... it is tumors... it is the arrow... , is after the
consideration, after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after
judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Extinguished," green creates the
state of being extinguished; abuse makes the state of being extinguished;
ignorant makes the state of being extinguished; anger...hate...hiding evil...
domineering (arbitrariness, bossiness, tyranny)... jealous... stingy... fake...
cunning... stubborn... passionate... sloth... torpor... discomfort... everything
polluted... all evil deeds... all troubles... all irritation... all heat
(torment)... all unwholesome contrived ones make the state of being
extinguished. "Bhikkhu," the one who has destroyed the state of the Seven Dhamma
is a Bhikkhu... (omitted) The one who has been completed and the one who has
been destroyed is a Bhikkhu.

"There is no wavering for him": "For him," for the Arahant; for the one who has
exhausted his troubles. "Wavering," the wavering of craving, the wavering of
seeing, ...of sloth, ...of pollution, ... of desire, for him these waverings do
not exist, are not known, are not found, and have been cut off, calmed down,
ceased, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom.

11. After knowing both sides, by consideration he is not stuck in the middle,
I say he was a "great man," and he surpasses the seamstress here. [AN.6.61]

"Knowing both sides, after considering it, he will not be contaminated in the
middle": "side," touch is one side, touch aggregation is the second side, touch
is in the middle; the past is one side, the future is the second side, and now
is in the middle; Pleasure is on one side, suffering is the second side, and
neither suffering nor pleasure is in the middle; name is one side, form is the
second side, consciousness is in the middle; the six inner places are one side,
and the six outer places are the second side, and consciousness is in the
middle; the body is one side, the body set is the second side, and the body
disappears in the middle. After consideration, it is called wisdom, which is
knowing, understanding... (abbreviated) no delusion, choice of dhamma, right
view.

"Adhesion": There are two kinds of adhesion: (Because) the adhesion of craving
and (cause) the adhesion of seeing... This is the adhesion of craving...
(omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing. What is craving adhesion? All are
called boundaries, realms, scopes, borders, grasped, and are treated as one's
own: this is mine, this is mine, so much is mine, this area is mine; (my) form,
sound, smell, taste, touch, things on the ground, coats, maids and male
servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and horses, mules,
fields, homesteads, gold, coins, villages, towns, capitals, places, treasuries,
warehouses, all the land; because they are craving and regard them as their own,
all 108 kinds of craving. [AN.4.199] This is the adhesion of craving.

What is the adhesion of seeing? There are twenty people who rely on the body to
see, ten people who rely on the wrong view, and ten people who rely on the side
see, all the views, evil views, jungle views, and deserts like this. The
grasping, acceptance, clinging, clinging to the view, the distorted view, the
wavering view, the bound view, the evil way, the evil nature, the outside way,
the clasping and inversion of the inversion (vipariyesa) The grip of (viparīta),
the grip of reversal (vipallāsa), the grip of evil, the grip of "seeing the real
in the unreal," all come to the sixty-two evil views. This is the adhesion of
seeing.

"After he knows on both sides, after consideration, he is not contaminated in
the middle": He is not contaminated after considering, after knowing, after
understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying, not tied, detached, released from bondage, he lives with a heart of
detachment and restraint.

"I said he is a 'great man'": This man is the highest person, the most
victorious person, the winner, the first person, the top person. I call him, I
say to him, I explain to him, I speak about him.

Venerable Sāriputta said to the Blessed One: "Great Virtue! Known as 'a man, a
great man,' great virtue! What makes one a great man?" "Sāriputta! I say that
those who are liberated are 'great men;' I say those who are not free are
'non-great-men.'

Sāriputta! How to be liberated? Sāriputta! Here, the bhikkhu lives in his own
body to observe the body, zeal, righteous knowledge, and mindfulness, and can
moderate the desire and worry about the world. When he lives in the body to
observe the body, the mind is free from defilements, and he is not clinging.
Freedom from all defilements; on receiving...(slightly omitted) in the heart...
living in the Dhamma and following the Dhamma, zealous, righteous, and mindful,
can moderate the craving and worry about the world. When he lives in the Dhamma
and follows the Dhamma, the mind is free from the defilements, and free from all
defilements it is without clinging. Sāriputta! In this way, the bhikkhu has a
liberated heart. Sāriputta! I say that those who are liberated are 'big men;' I
say those who are not liberated are 'non-big-men.'"

"He surpassed the tailor here": The tailor is called craving, which is greed,
thirst..., (abbreviated) and unwholesome roots. For him, this tailor, whose
thirst is cut off, severed, calmed down, ceased, unable to arise, burned by the
fire of wisdom, he has surpassed, conquered the tailor, his desire for love, has
passed, has been crossed, has been overcome.

---

At the end of these verses... (omitted). "The Blessed One is my teacher and I am
a disciple."

\newpage
