### 4. Mettagū

> 18 &middot; [Venerable Mettagū like this:]  
Blessed One, I ask you, please tell me this.  
I think you are a person who knows the Vedas, and has personally practiced.  
From where did these sufferings come into being,  
Of all kinds of different forms in the world?

"Master! I ask this, please tell me this": "I ask," there are three kinds of
queries: inquiry about the explanation of the unseen, inquiry about the
confluence of the seen, and inquiry about the cutting off of doubt.

What is an inquiry about the unseen? The unknown, unseen, unmeasured, unjudged,
unclear characteristic, for the purpose of his wisdom, seeing, measuring,
judging, making clear, he asked a question.

What is an inquiry about the confluence of the seen? A characteristic that was
known, seen, measured, judged, clear, and understood. He asked questions for the
purpose of confluence with other wise men.

What is an inquiry for the cutting off of doubt? A leap-into skeptic, jump-in
doubter, and born doubter: "Is that so? Isn't it true? What is it then? How is
it?" He asks questions for the purpose of severance of doubt.

The next three kinds of inquiry: human inquiry, non-human inquiry, and inquiry
of the created (nimmitapucchā).

What is a human inquiry? People asked questions after they went to see the
Buddha, the Blessed One: bhikkhus, upāsakas, upāsikās, kings, khattiya,
Brāhmaṇas, vessas, suddas, lay people, monastics.

What is an inhuman inquiry? The non-people asked questions after they went to
see the Buddha, Blessed One: the dragons, golden-winged birds, Yakkha, Asuras,
Gandhabba, kings, Indā, Brahmas, devas.

What is the inquiry of the created? All the physical bodies and limbs of the
Blessed One's mind-made forms draw near and ask questions after seeing the
Blessed One, and the Blessed One answers him.

The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry for one's own benefit, inquiry for the
benefit of others, and inquiry for the benefit of both. The next three:
inquiries about current interests, inquiries about future interests, and
inquiries about the highest interests. The next three: inquiry for the benefit
of no faults, inquiry for the benefit of no pollution, and inquiry for the pure
benefit. The next three: (about) past queries, future queries, and current
queries. The next three: (about) inquiries within oneself, inquiries outside
oneself, and inquiries within and outside oneself. The next three: (about) good
merit, demerit, and the undesignated (abyākatapucchā) The next three: (about)
masses, relics, and institutions. The next three: about mindfulness, about
diligence, about spiritual content. The next three: about the root, the
strength, and the enlightenment. The next three: about the Path, the Fruit, and
Nibbāna.

"I ask you," I beg you; make it clear to me.

"[Like this Venerable Mettagū]": "Like this," the continuation of the sentences,
the connection of the words, the completion of the sentences, the combination of
words, this is the order of the sentence, which is "like this." "Venerable,"
this is a synonym of love, respect, and obedience. "Mettagū," the name, title,
security of the Brāhmaṇa, title, word, phrase.

"I think you are a person who knows the Vedas and who have personally
practiced": I think you are "aware of the Vedas." I think you are a "person who
has practiced yourself," I know so; I agree. "A person who knows the Vedas, who
has already practiced himself," How is the Blessed One one who knows the Vedas?
The Vedas are called wisdom, the root of wisdom, power of wisdom, dhamma
enlightenment, investigation, vipassanā, right view of the four realms. The
Blessed Ones are those who have reached the ultimate (target), who have lived,
aged, and died in the Vedas; those who have reached the ultimate, those who have
reached the end, those who have reached the boundary, those who have reached the
refuge, those who have reached the shelter, those who have reached no fear, have
arrived without being dead, those who reach the undead are those who have
reached Nibbāna. Or "the one who has known the Vedas" is the one who knows the
Vedas, or the known state of the seven dhammas is the one who knows the Vedas:
seeing being known, suspicion being known, refraining being known, greed (being
known), anger (being known), ignorance (being known), sloth being known, and its
evil and unwholesome methods are known: succumbing to polluting, recurring,
fearing, and it will live and die in the future.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 534]  
"Select all the Vedas,  
All those belonging to the Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇas that exist here,  
He is free from greed in all feelings,  
And after surpassing all Vedas, he is one who knows the Vedas well."

How is he the Blessed One who has already practiced himself? The Blessed One is
the person who has practiced the body, the mind, the wisdom, the mindfulness,
the righteousness, studied the divine bases, the root, the power, the
enlightenment. Those who have practiced the path, those who have given up the
polluters, those who have been unshakable, those who have testified, those who
have known, have given up, have practiced, have given up testimony, have
renounced what should be renounced, practiced what ought to be practiced, not
small, large, very deep, immeasurable, difficult to be; those who have a deep
understanding of many treasures, such as the ocean, are those who possess six
peaces:

After seeing the form with the eyes, I am neither happy nor sad, and live in
peace, mindful and righteous; after hearing the sound with the ear..., after
smelling the smell with the nose..., after tasting the taste with the tongue...,
after touching the touch with the body..., after knowing the Dhamma with
consciousness, I am neither happy nor sad, but live in peace, mindfulness and
righteousness [DN.33, 6].

After seeing form with his eyes, he does not desire, dislike, and does not cause
greed to occur in the desired form. His body is already established, his mind is
already established, and he is built up and liberated by virtue. After seeing
the undesirable form, he does not become discouraged, have unrestrained mind,
unintentional sorrow, unintentional malice; his body is already inhabited, his
mind is already inhabited, and he is built up by goodness and kindness within
himself.

After seeing the form with the eyes, the body has been inhabited and the mind
has been inhabited in the agreeable and undesirable forms, and the self is built
up and freed by the kindness; after listening to the sound with the ear...
(omitted), after knowing with the dhamma with the consciousness, both the body
and the mind have been established in both the agreeable and undesirable
methods, and they are established and liberated by virtue within themselves
[SN.46.6].

After seeing the form with eyes, he will not rouse excitement in pleasure, will
not be corrupted by anger in offense, not be lead to infatuation by dullness,
not become angry in what is angering, not be attached to what is intoxicating,
not be contaminated by impurities; after hearing the sound with your ears...
(omitted) after knowing the dhamma with consciousness....

There is only the seen in what you see; there is only the heard in what you
hear; there is only the perceived in what you perceive; there is only the known
in what you know [SN.35.95]. Do not be contaminated by in what you see; not
contaminated by what you hear; not contaminated by what you perceive; not
contaminated by what you know; and he who is has no obsession, (virtue) without
loss, not dependent, and not bound by what is known, freed from the bondage, he
lives with an unrestrained heart; in terms of what he hears... (omitted) in
terms of what he knows, he is the one without attachment, the one who does not
lose, the one who does not depend on, and the one who is not bound. Freed from
the bondage, he lives with an unrestrained heart.

The Blessed One has eyes, the Blessed One has eyes to see form, the Blessed One
has no desires and greed, and the Blessed One's heart is kind and liberating;
...(omitted) ears to hear...; ...nose to smell...; ...tongue to taste...;
...body to touch...; The Blessed One is intentional, the Blessed One knows the
dhamma with consciousness, the Blessed One has no desires and greed, and the
Blessed One has a kind heart and is free [SN.35.232].

Eyes rejoice in form, the Blessed One has regulated, tuned, guarded, protected,
and taught the self-control of it; ears are joyous in sound... (omitted) the
nose rejoices in the smell..., the tongue rejoices in the taste..., the body is
joyful in touch..., and the Blessed One has regulated, tuned, guarded,
protected, and taught the self-control of it, which means to rejoice in the
Dhamma, to be happy in the Dhamma; the Blessed One has regulated..., the
self-control of it. [MN.75].

"The tamed (adjusted) (elephant) is lead to the assembly,  
The king boards the tamed (elephant);  
The man who has been tuned tamed is the highest victor among the people,  
He who bears insults.  

The mule that has been tamed is exceptional,  
And noble Sindh steeds,  
And large-tusked elephants, great elephants;  
Self-tamed people are even better.  

One does not ride on these,  
To go to the unreached direction,  
As a tamed person goes,  
By taming himself."  
[Dhp.321-323]

"They are unwavering in all kinds of conceit,  
Becoming liberated and reborn,  
Have reached the adjusted imperial position,  
They are the victors in the world."  
[SN.22.76]

"Those who have cultivated their roots,  
Inside and outside themselves, in the world,  
Piercing this and other worlds, when he is waiting for death,  
He is the one who has been well-tamed."  
[Sn.3.6, 521]

"From where did these sufferings arise": "From where," the question of doubt,
the question of confusion, the question of more than one question, this is a
rhetorical question, ironic question, why on earth? "Suffering," suffering from
birth, suffering from old age, ...from sickness, from death, sorrow, despair,
loss, hell, the animal world, ghosts, human beings; rooted in suffering from
birth, rooted in the suffering of living in the womb, rooted in the suffering of
birth, the suffering of the living being dependent, the suffering of the living
being manipulated by others, ...due to their own actions, due to the actions of
others, from change, eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease,
body disease, head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease,
...(omitted, see previous sections) ...the suffering of the decline of seeing.
From the very beginning of these dhammas, they have been known; since they
disappeared, they have been known, the retribution is based on kamma; connection
is based on kamma, the name is based on form; and form is based on name. Those
who are followed by arising, accompanied by birth, followed by age, conquered by
disease, struck by death, living in suffering, with no shelter, and no refuge,
are called suffering. Where did these sufferings come from? Where did it arise?
Where is it produced? Where did it happen from? Where was it born? Where did it
appear? What is the cause? What is its aggregation? What is its birth? What is
its root cause? He inquired about the root of these sufferings, he inquired
about the reason, he inquired about the cause, he inquired about the arising, he
inquired about the emergence, he inquired and waited, he inquired about the
nutriment, he inquired about the cause, he inquired about the fate, he inquired
about the set, he asked and begged, requested, make it clear.

"Of all kinds of different shapes and forms in any world": "Of all kinds," all
completely, every aspect completely, no surplus, the whole earth, this is the
ubiquitous language, which is "all." "In any world," the world of suffering, the
world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of
worlds, and the world of existence. "Various shapes and forms," various kinds
and types of suffering.

> 19 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Mettagū!"]  
You ask me about the occurrence of suffering,  
And I will say that for you as one who knows:  
All sufferings occur due to dependence,  
Of all kinds of different forms in the world.

"You ask me about the occurrence of suffering": Suffering, bitterness, old age,
sickness, death, sadness, desperation, and sorrow. You ask, you ask about the
cause of suffering, you ask about the root, you ask about arising, you ask about
happening, you ask about waiting, you ask about the nutriment, you ask about the
object, you ask about the condition, you ask about the collection, you ask
strongly, you ask, beg, request, make it clear. "Mettagū," the Blessed One
called the Brāhmaṇa by his name. "Blessed One," this is a respectful synonym...
(omitted).

"I will say that for you as the one who knows": "That," I will explain the cause
of suffering, ...the root, arising, production, ...(omitted); I will explain, I
will teach... (omitted). "As the one who knows," such as the one who knows, the
one who understands, the one who penetrates, not from hearsay, not from rumors,
not from inheritance, not from scripture, not from logic, not from reasoning,
not because of theoretical contemplation, not because of the insights accepted
after contemplation; a method that is personally proven and self-proven by
oneself, I will say that.

"All sufferings occur due to dependence (upadhi; this could also be translated
as attachment or acquisition) ": "Dependence," there are ten kinds of
dependence: dependence of craving, dependence of seeing, of pollution, of kamma,
of evil deeds, the attachment to food, the attachment to disgust, to the four
attachments, to the six inner states, to the six types of consciousness, and to
all sufferings with heart and righteousness. "All suffering," suffering from
birth, suffering from old age, suffering from death... (omitted). From the
beginning of these dhammas, they have been known; knowing, kamma is based on
kamma; name is based on form; form is based on name. Being followed by birth,
accompanied by birth, followed by old age, conquered by illness, struck by
death, and suffering, those who live in suffering, without shelter, and without
refuge are called suffering. These sufferings are based on dependence as a
cause, dependence as a linking cause, dependence as a condition, and dependence
is the cause of their occurrence, generation, arising, production, birth, and
being born.

"All kinds of different shapes and forms in any world": "All kinds"
...(omitted).

> 20 &middot; Those who are clinging through ignorance,  
The dull one suffers repeatedly,  
Therefore, the one who knows should not be dependent,  
Knowing (that this is) the life and production of suffering.

"Whoever does not depend, the wise person": "Who," who is like what, such as in
effort, such as arrangement, such as the kind, wherever has arrived, where is a
khattiya, or Brāhmaṇa, or vessa, or sudda, or a person at home, or a bhikkhu, or
a person. The "unwise person" is the person who has entered ignorance, the
indifferent, and the inferior. Relying on seeing, relying on pollution, ...on
work, evil deeds, food, disgust, the four attachments, the six inner places,
being dependent on the six types of consciousness, producing, making it live,
making it arise.

"Suffering repeatedly reaches the dull": Birth, suffering, sickness, death,
sorrow, despair, and bitterness come again and again, fully arrive, grasp, cling
to. "The dull," the dull, the ignorant, the unwise, the indiscriminate, and the
inferior.

"Therefore the one who knows should not be dependent": "Therefore," the reason,
the condition, the cause, when you see this fault in the attachment. "The
knower," those who understand, those who know, those who know others, those who
see, and those who perceive: "All actions are impermanent"... (omitted), "all
actions are without self"..., "any collection of dhamma is an extinction"....
"Should not be dependent," and should not be dependent upon, the attachment that
should not be seen, ...should not be polluted, ...not to evil, ...not to food,
...hate, ...the four attachments, the six inner parts, the six types of
consciousness, should not be caused, should not be produced, and should not be
caused to arise.

"Suffering": those who are born with suffering, those who are old, those who are
bitter, those who die, sorrow, despair; those who are suffering. "The knower of
production": the knower of the root of suffering, ...of the cause, ...arising,
generation, waiting, food, object, collection. The follower of the collection is
called wisdom. That is understanding... (omitted) no delusion, choice, right
view. To have, to fully have, to reach, to arrive, he is called the follower.

> 21 &middot; (Mettagū:) Whatever we asked you, you told us;  
We want to ask you other things, come! Please tell us,  
How do the wise cross the torrents,  
Birth, aging, sadness, and weeping?  
I ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me,  
Because like this, you are the knower of these dhammas.

"Whatever we asked you, you told us": Whatever we ask, beg, what makes us
clear. "You told us," told, explained, clarified, taught, established,
uncovered, resolved.

"We want to ask you about other things, come! Please tell us": We want to ask
you about other things, we want to beg you for other things, we want to inquire
for other things, we want you to make other things clear, we want to ask you
more. "Come! Please tell us," Come, please tell, please explain, please teach,
please inform, please build, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify.

"How do the wise cross the torrents, birth, aging and sorrow, grief": "How?," A
question of doubt, confusion, (omitted) ...why? The "wise man" means the wise
man the enlightened man, the distinguished man. "Torrents (storms)," the torrent
of desire, torrents of being, the torrent of seeing, the torrent of ignorance.
"Birth" refers to the birth, entry into (the womb), ...(omitted). "Aging": ...,
"Sorrow": ..., "Grief," being touched by the loss of the relatives... (omitted)
contacting certain sufferings, mourning, weeping, crying, lamenting useless
words, muttering, tearing.

"How do the wise people get through the torrent, birth, aging, sorrow, and
grief?": How do the wise people survive, surpass, pass, cross, overcome the
torrent, birth, aging, sorrow, and grief?

"Muni, please explain that thoroughly for me": "That," everything I ask,
everything I beg, everything that makes me clear. "Muni," Muni is called wisdom,
understanding, simple selection, investigation, discernment, recognition,
discrimination, close observation, inspection, learned virtuous wisdom,
proficiency, cleverness, study, reflection, review, contemplation, examination,
general comprehensive wisdom, vipassanā, right knowledge, stabbing rod, wisdom
root, wisdom sword, wisdom palace, wisdom brightness, wisdom light, no delusion,
choice of dhamma, right view. The Blessed One has the wisdom of Muni, reaching
Muni. There are three Muni (perfect virtues): body Muni, language Muni,
intention Muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the Muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the body is the Muni position; the knowledge of the body is the Muni
position; walking the Path with (higher) knowledge is the body of Muni; the
abandonment of desire and greed, cut off, as the Muni; the fourth jhāna
extinction of the body is the position of Muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds of
language is the position of Muni; the four kinds of good acts of language are
the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni;
the knowledge of language is the position of Muni; and knowing the path of all
acts is the position of Muni; the abandonment of desire and greed of language is
the position of Muni; the second jhāna cessation of language is the position of
language Muni.

What is intention Muni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are
the Muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the mind-object is the Muni position; the knowledge of the heart is
the Muni position; the one that walks the Path with knowledge is the position of
Muni; the desire and greed of the heart being judged is the position of Muni;
the desire to perish the mind is the position of Muni.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.  
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil."

The six types of Muni have these three modes of Muni: Muni at home, Muni without
a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni, Muni (of the)
Muni. Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footsteps and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those bhikkhus
who have seen the footsteps and who have learned the precepts are homeless Muni.
There are seven kinds of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning
Muni, and Bhikkhu Buddha as Bhikkhu Muni. Muni (of) Muni is called Tathāgata,
Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-wise is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,  
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.  
Avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,  
Everyone who understands the (inner and outer sum) in the world,  
Because that is said to be Muni.  
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world,  
The unwholesome and the good behind the Dhamma,  
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man,  
Beyond staining and the net, he is Muni."

"Explain thoroughly," please explain that thoroughly; please teach, please
inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify.
"Because like this you are the knower of these Dhammas": Because like this you
are the knower, judge, clarifier, and understander of these Dhammas.

> 22 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Mettagū!"]  
I will tell you the Dhamma, known in real life and not through rumors;  
Anyone who knows it, living mindfully,  
Can cross over love (desire) in the world.

"I will tell you the Dhamma": "Dhamma," the beginning is good, the middle is
good, and the end is good; the meaning is correct, the phrase is correct; only
the perfect and pure Brāhmaṇa line: four mindfulnesses, four righteousness, four
divine bases, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment factors, eight holy
paths, Nibbāna and the path leading to Nibbāna; I will tell, I will explain, I
will teach, I will reveal, I will analyze, I will clarify. "Mettagū," the
Blessed One called the Brāhmaṇa by his name.

"In the current life and not in rumors": "In the current life," in the seen, in
the known, in the measured, in the made clear: "All actions are impermanent"...
(omitted) "any collection of dhammas is an extinction of dhammas" means in the
Dhamma that is seen (in the current life), in the Dhamma that is known, in the
Dhamma that is measured, in the Dhamma that is made clear; this is what I will
talk about, in the real life. Or, I will tell you about the suffering which is
seen, I will tell you about the collection which is seen, I will tell you the
way which is seen, I will tell you about the extinction of what is seen, and
this is what I will talk about, in the present. Or, in the life as directly
visible, instant, inviting you to see, able to guide, and the wise should
experience it by themselves; this is what I will talk about, in this life. "Not
rumors," not anecdotal, not from hearsay, not from inheritance, not from
scripture, not from logical inference, not from reasoning, not because of
theoretical reflection, not because of an opinion received after reflection, but
by oneself. The known and self-evidenced Dhamma, I will talk about that.

"Anyone who, after knowing, is mindful": After knowing, weighing, judging,
separating, clarifying: "All actions are impermanent" after knowing,
...(omitted). "Mindful," there are four ways to be mindful: when practicing
mindfulness on the body, when practicing mindfulness on perception, when
watching the mind in the heart, when the practice is in line with the teachings,
it is mindful.

And again in four ways: the state of avoiding non-mind, the state of the Dhamma
that should be done to the mind, the state of the Dhamma that is obstructed by
the mind, the state of the mindfulness factor (phase) not being forgotten.

And again in four ways: the state of possessing mindfulness, the state of
abiding in mindfulness, the state of experiencing mindfulness, and the state of
mindfulness not lowering.

And again in four ways: with the state of being mindful as the object of
mindfulness, the quiet state as the object, the calm state as the object, the
state of silence; the recollection of the Buddha, the recollection of the
Dhamma, the recollection of the Saṅgha, the precepts, the alms, of the mind;
mindfulness of the in and out breath, of death, of the body, of silence; all
mindfulness, free-mindfulness..., the path without a fork, are called
mindfulness. Having been fully possessed, reaching fully, possessing, arriving,
with this thought, he is called mindful. "Living," when you go, live, act,
guard, exist, survive.

"Able to cross through love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is
greed, ...(omitted) unwholesome roots. "Being in love," what does it mean to be
loving? The "spread" is love, the "broad" is love, the "vast" is love, the
"incorrect" is love, "it forces" is love, "it seizes" is love, "fraud" is love,
"poisonous root" is love, "poisonous fruit" is love, "poison is used" is love;
or, "the vast thirst for love": in form..., sound..., smell..., taste...
(omitted), the material realm, the formless realm, the desire realm, the four
constituents, the five endowments, past, future, now, the enlarged attachments
in the dhammas that are seen, heard, felt, and knowable, are love. "In the
world," in the world of suffering, in the world of humans, (omitted)..., and in
the world of being. "Able to survive the love in the world": "The love in the
world, he can pass through, surpass, pass, transcend, and overcome mindfully"
[Ni.1].

> 23 &middot; (Mettagū:) I rejoice in that, great rishi!  
The supreme Dhamma,  
Anyone who knows which, living mindfully,  
Can cross through the love of the world.

"I rejoice in that": "That," your words, language, teaching, and admonition. "I
rejoice," I rejoice, I am happy, I love, I want, I can use, I beg, I hope, I
pray.

"Great rishi! The supreme Dhamma": "Great rishi," why is the Blessed One the
Great rishi? The "seekers, and pursuers of the great precepts" are the great
rishis. ...of the great concentration..., ...of the great liberation
aggregate..., "the seeker and pursuer of the great liberation of wisdom and
insight" is the great rishi; the fragments gathered by the dark..., the
destruction of the great upside down..., the pulling out of the big arrow of
thirst..., the unraveling of the accumulation of sight..., the lifting of the
big conceit flag, ...the calming of the great work..., the calming of the big
torrent..., the laying down of the heavy burden..., the severance of the cycle
of the great reincarnation..., the disappearance of the great heat..., the
cessation of the great heat..., "the seeker and the pursuer who lifts the flag
of Dhamma in his heart" is the great rishi; the great minds..., the great
exertion..., the great divine bases..., the great roots..., the power..., the
great enlightenment branches..., the big eight branches of the holy path...,
"the immortality of the great supreme benefit, the seeker of Nibbāna, the
pursuer" is great rishi; "sought, pursued, and searched for by powerful beings:
Where is the Buddha? Where is the Blessed One? Where is the god among the gods?
Where is the bull king among people?" Such is the great rishi. "The highest
Dhamma," the highest Dhamma is called non-living, Nibbāna, that is the cessation
of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the cessation of craving,
greed, extinguishment, and Nibbāna. "Supreme," the first, the most victorious,
the highest, the top, the most, the apex of Dhamma.

"Anyone who walks mindfully after knowing": After known, measured, judged,
separated, and clarified: "all actions are impermanent".... "Mindful" means
mindful in four ways: .... "Living," ....

"Able to cross through the love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which
is greed, .... "Being in love," .... "In the world" .... "Able to pass the love
in the world": He can pass through, transcend, and overcome mindfully, in that
world of love.

> 24 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Mettagū!"]  
Anything you know rightly,  
In the upper, lower and middle four directions,  
After not rejoicing and dwelling in these,  
Consciousness will not stand in existence.

"Anything you know rightly": What you know, what you understand. "Mettagū," the
Blessed One called the Brāhmaṇa by his name. "Blessed One"... (omitted).

"In the upper, lower, and middle four directions": "Up" is the future, "down" is
the past, "middle four" is the present; "up" is the heavenly world, "down" is
the hell world, "middle four" is the world of human beings. Or, "up" is good
Dhamma, "down" is unwholesome Dhamma, "middle four" is non-marked Dhamma; "up"
is the formless realm, "down" is the desire realm, and "middle four" is the
physical realm; "up" means joy, "down" means suffering, "middle four" means
neither suffering nor joy; "up" means above the sole of the foot, "down" means
below the hair, and "middle four" means in the middle.

"After not rejoicing and dwelling in these, consciousness will not remain in
existence": "In these," being explained, taught, informed, established,
uncovered, analyzed, and clarified. Happiness is called craving, which is
greed.... "Living," there are two kinds of living: thirst (craving) living and
seeing (views) living. ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Consciousness, after removal": Consciousness that is capable of blessing,
non-blessing, and consciousness that does not move [SN.12.51]. In these, the
consciousness that rejoices settles. After removal, after exclusion, after
breaking, giving up, abandoning, driving away, ending, and making it go to
non-existence.

"Whether it will stand in existence": "Existence," there are two kinds: kamma
and rebirth. What is kamma? Blessed deeds, non-blessed deeds, and immovable
deeds are kamma. What is rebirth? The forms, feelings, thoughts, behaviors and
consciousness of this person are reborn. "Won't stay in existence": The
consciousness and kamma that rejoice and abide in the practice and the turning
of rebirth will break, drive away, end, and be made to go to non-existence. It
will not stand still; it will not dwell or stand still in continued existence.

> 25 &middot; Those who live in this way,  
Have mindfulness, and do not let go,  
Bhikkhus who abandon all things held as "mine;"  
Birth, aging, sorrow, and grief:  
It is here that the wise can give up suffering.

"Those who live like this, have mindfulness, and do not let go (relax)": "Live
like this," Consciousness and kamma live and coexist together, as well as the
cycle of the rebirth, the renunciation, the driving away, the end, and the
making it go to non-existence. "Mindfulness" is mindful in four ways:
...(omitted). "Those who do not let go" are respectful actors, regular,
non-stop, those who have the habit of not being stuck, those who do not neglect
their desires, those who do not neglect responsibility and those who are not
negligent of good Dhamma; "How can I complete the unfinished vows, or the how
can the completed completed vows be funded everywhere with wisdom?" Where he has
intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, right
knowledge, enthusiasm, zeal, establishment, practice, not letting go, and not
relaxing in good Dhamma; "How can I complete the unfinished concentration...
(omitted) highest wisdom..., liberty aggregate..., unfinished liberating wisdom
view aggregate..., completed liberated wisdom view aggregate...?" Where he has
intentions, .... "How can I know the future? The knowing of suffering, or the
pollution that has not been abandoned, or the way that has not been practiced,
or the testimony, the destruction?" Where he has intentions, ....

"Bhikkhus who abandon all held as 'mine'": "Bhikkhus," virtuous bhikkhus, or
learned bhikkhus. "Bhikkhus," when walking, staying, acting, going on, guarding,
and surviving. "Holding as 'mine,'" there are two kinds of self attachment: the
thirsty self-holding and the view self-holding... (omitted)l after the end,
making it go to non-existence.

"Birth, aging, sorrow, and grief, where the wise can give up suffering":
"Birth," .... "Aging," .... "Sorrow," .... "Grief," .... "Here," .... "The wise"
are those who have reached clarity. "Suffering," .... "Birth, aging, sorrow, and
grief, where the wise can give up suffering": "The one who has arrived, the wise
here, birth, aging and sorrow, grief, he can give up, can drive away, can end,
can make them go to non-existence.

> 26 &middot; (Mettagū:) I rejoice at great rishi's words;  
Well said, Gotama, is the state without dependence,  
Blessed One! It is true that you have given up suffering,  
For these Dhammas like this have been known to you.

"I rejoice in the words of great rishi": ...(omitted). "I rejoice," .... "Great
rishi," ....

"Well said, Gotama, the state without dependence": "Well said," Speaking well,
interpreting, teaching, informing, establishing, uncovering, analyzing,
clarifying, and explanatory. "Gotama is a non-dependent actor," according to
what is called the pollution and the aggregates and the creations, severance,
the cessation of adherence, non-living, and Nibbāna.

"Blessed One! It is true that you have given up suffering": "True," this is
decisive language, undoubted language, confident language, unduly, undoubtedly
reciting language, command language, and language without error, the word of
certainty, which is "true". "Blessed One" .... "You give up suffering," life
suffering, old age suffering, sickness, death, sorrow, grief, despair,
bitterness, you give up, abandon, drive away, put to an end, and cause to cease
to exist.

"Because like this you are the knower of these Dhammas": Because like this you
are the knower, the judge, the clarifier, the understander of these Dhammas.

> 27 &middot; Indeed, they can also give up suffering,  
Those who you, Muni, continue to teach,  
After meeting you, I salute you, noble one!  
Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me.

"They can indeed give up suffering": "They" are khattiya, Brāhmaṇa, vessa,
sudda, laymen, bhikkhus, those in the heavens, and people. "Can give up
suffering," birth suffering, old age suffering, (omitted)..., they can give up,
discard, dispel, end, and make them to be non-existent.

"Muni, those who you continue to teach": The "who..." are khattiya, Brāhmaṇa,
(omitted).... "You," he said that the Blessed One "Muni," which is wisdom...
(omitted). "Will continue to teach," will continue to explain, will teach
thoroughly, and teach repeatedly, will teach again and again, will teach
continuously.

"After meeting you, I salute you, noble one (nāga; also meaning elephant)":
"You," the Blessed One. "I salute," I salute with my body, or I show respect
with words, or with my heart, or I show respect with right conduct, or I follow
the Dhamma to show respect; reverence. "After meeting," after meeting, having
completely met, fully met, I will salute you. "Noble one," the Blessed One does
not commit crimes as a "noble one;" does not go as a "noble one;" does not come
as a "noble one." How is "the Blessed One does not commit a crime" a noble one?
Crime is called evil unwholesome dhamma: following pollution, re-existing,
fearful, bitter, future life and death.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 527]  
"He who does not commit any crime in the world,  
After leaving all bonds and ties,  
Does not cling to everything and is freed.  
Those like this are truly called noble ones."

How is "The Blessed One is not going" as a noble one? The Blessed One does not
go because of not wanting; not because of terror; not because of greed; not
because of hatred; not because of ignorance; not because of conceit; not because
of views; not because of disbelief; not because of doubt; not because of
potential troubles; not be carried away by quarrels (disharmony), walk, led, be
taken.

How is "The Blessed One is not coming" as a noble one? Any pollution that is cut
off by the Sotāpanna Path, the pollution he no longer experiences, does not
return, and does not go back; by the Sakadāgāmī Path...; by the Anāgāmī Path...;
by the Arahant Path....

"Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me": Perhaps the Blessed One
will continue to teach, thoroughly teach, continuously teach, repeatedly teach,
will teach me.

> 28 &middot; (The Blessed One:) Any Brāhmaṇa who can prove to be a person who knows the Vedas,  
Owning nothing, has no attachment to desire and existence,  
Indeed he has survived the torrent,  
And has crossed the other shore  
As an undesiring person, an undoubting person.

"A Brāhmaṇa can prove to be a person who knows the Vedas": "Brāhmaṇa," the
exclusion of the seven dhammas is the Brāhmaṇa: seeing is excluded, doubt is
excluded, abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded,
illusion is eliminated, sloth is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods
are eliminated: those that are contaminated, those that are no longer there,
those that are fearful, those who will suffer the consequences, and those who
will die in the future.

The Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 524]  
"After all evil is eliminated,  
Standing the spotless, virtuous state,  
After he transcends reincarnation,  
He becomes a perfect man.  
Those who are not dependent,  
Like this can be called Brāhmaṇa."

"Know the Vedas": Vedas are called the wisdom of the four realms... (omitted).
He is one who knows the Vedas after transcending all Vedas. "Can prove to know,"
be able to testify, know, can distinguish, know for sure, can penetrate.

"No ownership, without obsession in desire and existence": "Not owning any
thing," greed is a thing; hatred is a thing; ignorance is a thing; conceit is a
thing; seeing (views) is a thing; pollution is a thing; evil deeds are things.
For him, any of these have been cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise,
and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who has no ownership.
"Desire," there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of
pollution... (omitted). "Existence," there are two types: kamma and rebirth...
(omitted). "There is no owning, and there is no obsession in desire (or
existence)": A person who has no possessions in desire (and) is unattached,
unobstructed, has departed, has given up, has been freed, has been separated
from the bondage, he lives with the unrestrained heart.

"It's true that he has survived the torrent": "It is true," this is the decisive
language... (omitted). "The torrent," the torrent of desire, the rebirth
torrents, torrents of sight, ignorance torrents. "Passed," he surpassed, passed
trough, overtook.

"And those who have crossed the other shore are those who are not deserted, and
who do not doubt": "Have passed," The violent currents of the worldly desire
have been passed; torrents of being have been passed; the torrents of seeing
(views) have been passed; the violent currents of ignorance have been passed;
all the circuits have been passed, have come out, have been crossed, have been
overcome; he is the one who has descended, the person who has practiced, the
person who has completed the journey, the person who has reached the direction,
the person who has reached the end, the person who has guarded the Brahma, the
person who has reached the highest view, the person who has practiced the Path,
the person who has cut off the pollution, the unshakable person, the person who
has testified to extermination; for him, the suffering has been known, the
congregation has been abandoned, the Path has been practiced, the extinction has
been testified, the one who has been proved to be known, the knowing what can be
known, those who have renounced what should be renounced, those who have been
practiced what should be practiced, and those who have testified what should be
testified.

He is the one whose obstacle has been removed, the one whose ditch has been
filled, the one whose pillar has been pulled up, the one who has no latch, the
one whose holy flag has fallen, the one whose burden has been removed, the one
who has separated, the one whose five branches have been cut off, and the one
who has six branches. Those who have one guardian and four reliances are those
whose truths have been removed, those who seek to have renounced and completely
decayed, those who have no turbid intentions, those who have calmed their lives,
those who are kind and free, those who are freed by wisdom; the highest person,
the supreme person, who has achieved the supreme accomplishment, neither
composes nor disassembles, does not accumulate and then stands; neither gives up
nor clings, but stands after giving up; neither dispelling nor accumulating,
staying standing after dispelling; neither extinguishing nor burning, staying
standing after extinguishing [SN.22.79], a person who has the state of no
learning precepts, and a state of no learning dwelling, the dweller who has the
state of wisdom without learning, the dweller with the state of ignorance of the
abundance of knowledge, the dweller who has the state of emancipation of no
learning, the state of wisdom, and the abiding after completion and penetration
of the truth, those who have passed the disturbance (craving), those who stand
after the pollution fire is extinguished, those who are no longer coming at all,
those who have grasped (victory), those have purified practicing, the pure
dweller of compassion, the pure dweller of mercy, the pure dweller of joy, the
pure dweller of peace, the state of absolute purity, the state of equanimity,
pervasively pure dwellers, those who have been liberated, those who have been
fulfilled, those who are in the ultimate (boundary), those who are in the world,
and those who are the dweller at the ultimate, the dweller at the ultimate place
of interest, the dweller at the ultimate rebirth, the dweller at the ultimate
end of life (, the dweller at the end of existence, the dweller at the end of
reincarnation, the dweller of the last body, the dweller of the ultimate cycle,
the dweller of the ultimate walking, the dweller of the supreme at the end), the
dweller of the last gathering (body), the Arahant holding the last body.

"This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),  
The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth."

"Already crossed the other shore": The other shore is called non-living,
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the extinction of craving, greed, annihilation, and Nibbāna. He is the one who
has reached the other shore; the one who has reached the other side,
(omitted)..., the final target, the end, the boundary, the ultimate. Those who
have reached the end, the shelter, have reached the refuge; those who have
reached the refuge have reached no terror; no terror, ...no death; no death, the
deathless; the deathless, Nibbāna; Nibbāna..., he is a person who as descended
and practiced... (omitted); the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth.

"Desolate": the desolation of greed, the desolation of anger, the desolation of
ignorance, the desolation of resentment... (omitted) the desolation of all
unwholesome deeds; for him these desolations have been cut off, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the
non-desolate. "Undoubted": Suspicion of suffering, suspicion of accumulation of
suffering, ...cessation of suffering, ...the path leading to suffering, the
front, the back, ...in the context of the context, the suspicion of the specific
conditional conditions, such doubts, doubtful states, confusion, hesitation,
crossroads, inconsistent grasping, hesitating, unresolved, stiff state,
confusion of the mind; for him these doubts have been cut off, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom; he is called the
unskeptical.

> 29 &middot; All the wise and those who are versed in the Vedas here,  
After ties to all kinds of existence are dismissed,  
He is a person who has no thirst, has no worries, and has no desires;  
I say that he has crossed over birth and aging.

"Here, all the wise and who those who know the Vedas": The "wise man" is one who
is wise, .... "Here," which kind of people. "Knows with the Vedas," ....

"People" are all beings, human beings, student Brāhmaṇas, people, individuals,
lives, those who are born, sentient beings, those who are born in Indā, and
Manu. "Here," ....

"After ties to all kinds (of existence) are dismissed": "In all kinds of
existence," in all kinds of existence of kamma, in the existence of desires; in
the existence of desires, in the existence of materiality; in the kamma of
material existence, in the existence of the formless existence; in the kamma of
the formless existence, in the existence again and again; in the repeated
interest, in the rebirth; in rebirth, in the birth of individuals. "Ties," there
are seven kinds of ties: greedy ties, hatred ties, ignorance ties, conceit ties,
view ties, polluting ties, evil ties. "After giving up," after giving up ties,
it is after giving up, or on ties, on bondage, on expanding bondage, on the
entangled, on the attached, on being fixed on, on the obstacle, after shaking
the binding, after leaving, such as a carriage ride, or sedan, or wagon, or
chariot transports. After the release (dissociation), they are placed and
destroyed. Similarly, after giving up ties, ...(omitted) on the bondage after
being shaken away.

"He is a person who is free from love, who has no distress, and has no desire. I
say that he has passed through 'birth and aging'": "Craving for love" is the
craving for form..., the craving for Dhamma. For him who thirst for love has
been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the
fire of wisdom, he is called the one who departs from the thirst, the one who
has departed from the thirst, the one who abandons the thirst, eliminates thirst
for love, liberates thirst for love, gives up thirst for love, renounces greed,
abandons greed, eliminates greed, is free from greed; the one who is not hungry
and thirsty, the one who has become cool, the one who feels happiness, and the
one who lives as a Brāhmaṇa, he is the one who is free from thirst. "No
distress," greed is distress..., (omitted)..., all bad practices are distress.
For him, these distresses are cut off, .... "No desire," desire is called
craving, which is greed, .... For him who this desire is cut off, .... "Birth,"
.... "Aging," .... "He is the one without thirsts the one who has no distress,
and the one who has no desire. I say that he has passed through 'birth and
aging': He is the one who is free from the thirst, the one who has no distress,
and the one who has no desire, "birth, aging, death, he does pass, surpass,
transcend, cross, and overcome." I said, I explained, ....

---

At the end of these verses.... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
