### 4. Mettagū

18. [Venerable Mettagū like this:] Blessed One, I ask you, please tell me this.
    I think you are a person who knows the Vedas, and has personally practiced.
From where did these sufferings come into being, of all kinds of different forms
    in the world?

"Master! I ask this, please tell me this": "I ask," there are three kinds of
queries: the query of the explanation of the unseen (...omitted, see previous
sections).

"I ask you," (...omitted, see previous sections).

"[Like this Venerable Mettagū]": (...omitted, see previous sections).

"I think you are a person who knows the Vedas and who have personally
practised": I think you are "aware of the Vedas." I think you are a "person who
has practised yourself," I know so; I agree. "A person who knows the Vedas, who
has already practiced himself," How is the Blessed One one who knows the Veda?
The Vedas are called wisdom, the root of wisdom, power of wisdom, dhamma
enlightenment, investigation, vipassanā, right view of the four realms. The
Blessed Ones are those who have reached the ultimate (target), who have lived,
aged, and died in the Vedas; those who have reached the ultimate, those who have
reached the end, those who have reached the boundary;  those who have reached
the refuge; those who have reached the shelter, those who have reached no fear;
have arrived without being dead; those who reach the undead are those who have
reached Nibbāna. Or "the one who has known the Vedas" is the one who knows the
Vedas, or the known state of the Seven Dhammas is the one who knows the Vedas:
to be seen and known, suspicion being known, refraining from being known, greed
(being known), anger (being known), ignorance (being known), sloth being known,
and its evil and unwholesome methods are known: succumbing to polluting,
recurring, fearing, and it will live and die in the future.

Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 534]

"Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Samaṇas and Brahmins that
exist here,
is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is knows
Vedas well."

This is the Blessed One who knows the Vedas.

How is he the Blessed One who has already practiced himself? The Blessed One is
the person who has practiced the body, the mind, the wisdom, the mindfulness,
the righteousness, studied the gods, the root, the power, the enlightenment.
Those who have practised the path, those who have given up the polluters, those
who have been unshakable, those who have testified, for those who have been
omniscient, have given up, have practiced, have given up testimony, have
renounced what should be renounced, practised and ought to be practised, not
small, large, very deep, immeasurable, difficult to be; Those who have a deep
understanding of many treasures, such as the ocean, are those who possess six
peaces:

After seeing the form with the eyes, I am neither happy nor sad, and live in
peace, mindful and righteous; after hearing the sound with the ear... after
smelling the smell with the nose... after tasting the taste with the tongue...
touching the touch with the body... After knowing the Dhamma with consciousness,
I am neither happy nor sad, but live in peace, mindfulness and righteousness
[DN.33, 6].

After seeing form with his eyes, he does not desire, dislike, and does not cause
greed to occur in the desired form. His body is already established, his mind is
already established, and he is built up and liberated by virtue. After seeing the
undesirable form, he does not become discouraged, have unrestrained mind,
unintentional sorrow, unintentional malice, his body is already inhabited, his
mind is already inhabited, and he is built up by goodness and kindness within
himself.

After seeing the form with the eyes, the body has been inhabited and the mind
has been inhabited in the agreeable and undesirable forms, and the self is
built up and freed by the kindness; after listening to the sound with the ear...
(omitted), knowing with the consciousness After the Dhamma, both the body and the
mind have been established in both the agreeable and undesirable methods, and
they are established and liberated by virtue within themselves [SN.46.6].

After seeing the form with eyes, you will not get drunk when you are infected,
you will not be angry when you are angry, you will not be foolish when you
become foolish, and you will not get drunk when you are drunk (??). Don't
contaminate what will be contaminated; after hearing the sound with your ears...
(omitted) after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, you will not be
contaminated on what will be contaminated... (omitted), and don't pollute when
you pollute (??).

There is only so much in what you see; there is only so much in what you hear;
there is only so much in what you perceive; there is only so much in what you
know [SN.35.95], not contaminated by in what you see; not contaminated by what
you hear; not contaminated by what you perceive; not contaminated by what you
know, and he who is unsatisfied (has no obsession??), (virtue) without loss, not
dependent, and not bound by what is known, freed from the bondage, he lives with
a liberated heart; in terms of what he hears... (omitted) in terms of what he
knows, he is the one without attachment, the one who does not lose (??), the one
who does not depend on, and the one who is not bound. Freed from the bondage, he
lives with a liberated heart.

The Blessed One has eyes, the Blessed One has eyes to see form, the Blessed One
has no desires and greed, and the Blessed One's heart is kind and liberating;
...(omitted) ears to hear...; ...nose to smell...; ...tastes with the taste...;
...touches with the body...: The Blessed One is intentional, the Blessed One
knows the Dhamma with consciousness, the Blessed One has no desires and greed,
and the Blessed One has a kind heart and is free [SN.35.232].

Eyes are joyful in form, joyful in color, the Blessed One has regulated, tuned,
guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it; ears are joyous in
sound... (omitted) the nose rejoices in the smell... the tongue rejoices in the
taste... the body is joyful in touch... and the Blessed One has regulated,
tuned, guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it, which means to
rejoice in the Dhamma, to be happy in the Dhamma, the Blessed One has
regulated... the self-control of it. [MN. 75].

"The tamed (adjusted) (elephant) is lead to the assembly,
The king boards the tamed (elephant);
The man who has been tuned tamed is the highest victor among the people,
He who bears insults.

The mule that has been tamed is exceptional,
And noble Sindh steeds,
And large-tusked elephants, great elephants;
Self-tamed people are even better.

One does not ride on these,
To go to the unreached direction,
As a tamed person goes,
By taming himself."
[Dhp.321-323]

They are unwavering in all kinds of conceit, becoming liberated and reborn,
have reached the adjusted imperial position, they are the victors in the world.
[SN.22.76]

Those who have cultivated their roots, inside and outside themselves: in the
world,
piercing this and other worlds, when he is waiting for death: he is the one who
has been transferred (??)."
[Sn.3.6, 521]

This is the Blessed One who has already himself practiced.

"From where did these sufferings arise": "From where," the question of doubt,
the question of confusion, the question of more than one question, this is a
rhetorical question, ironic question, why on earth? "Suffering," suffering from
birth, suffering from old age, ...from sickness, ...from death, ... sorrow,
...despair, loss, hell, the animal world, ghosts, human beings; rooted in
suffering from birth, rooted in the suffering of living in the womb, rooted in
the suffering of birth, the suffering of the living being dependent, the
suffering of the living being manipulated by others, ...due to their own
actions, ...due to the actions of others, from change, eye disease, ear disease,
nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, external ear disease,
mouth disease, tooth disease, ...(omitted, see previous chapters)... the
suffering of the decline of seeing. From the very beginning of these dhammas,
they have been known; since they disappeared, they have been known, the
retribution is based on kamma; kamma is based on kamma (??), the name is based
on form; and form is based on name. Those who are followed by birth, accompanied
by birth, followed by age, conquered by disease, struck by death, living in
suffering, with no shelter, and no refuge, are called suffering. Where did these
sufferings come from? Where did it arise? Where is it produced? Where did it
happen from? Where was it born? Where did it appear? What is the cause? What is
its aggregation? What is its birth? What is its root cause? He inquired about
the root of these sufferings; he inquired about the reason; he inquired about
the cause; he inquired about the arising; he inquired about the emergence; he
inquired and waited; he inquired about food; he inquired about the cause; he
inquired about the fate; he inquired about the set, he asked and begged,
requested, make it clear.

"Of all kinds of different shapes and forms in any world": "Of all kinds," all
completely, every aspect completely, no surplus, the whole earth, this is the
ubiquitous language, which is "anything." "In any world," the world of
suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates,
the world of worlds, and the world of existence. "Various shapes and forms,"
various kinds and types of suffering.

19. [Blessed One: "Mettagū!"] You ask me about the occurrence of suffering, and I
    will say that for you as one who knows:
All sufferings occur due to dependence (upadhi; this could also be translated as
    attachment or acquisition), of all kinds of different forms in the world.

"You ask me about the occurrence of suffering": Suffering, bitterness, old age,
sickness, death, sadness, desperation, and sorrow. You ask, You ask about the
cause of suffering; you ask about the root; you ask about arising; you ask about
happening; you ask about waiting; you ask about food; you ask about the object;
you ask about the condition; you ask about the collection, you ask strongly, you
ask, beg, request, make it clear. "Mettagū," the Blessed One called the Brahman
by his name. "Blessed One," this is a respectful synonym... (omitted).

"I will say that for you as the one who knows": "That," I will explain the
cause of suffering; ...the root, arising, production, waiting ...(omitted); I
will explain, I will teach... (omitted). "As the one who knows," such as the one
who knows, the other (??), the one who penetrates, not from hearsay, not from
rumors, not from inheritance, not from Scripture, not from logic, not from
reasoning, Not because of theoretical contemplation, not because of the insights
accepted after contemplation; a method that is personally proven and self-proven
by oneself, I will say that.

"All sufferings occur due to dependence": "Dependence," there are ten kinds of
dependence: dependence of craving, dependence of seeing, of pollution, of kamma,
of evil deeds; the attachment to food, the attachment to disgust, to the four
attachments, to the six inner states, to the six types of consciousness, to all
sufferings with heart and righteousness; these are called ten attachments. "All
suffering," suffering from birth, suffering from old age, suffering from
death... (omitted). From the beginning of these dhammas, they have been known;
Knowing, kamma is based on kamma; name is based on form; form is based on name.
Being followed by birth, accompanied by birth, followed by old age, conquered by
illness, struck by death, and suffering, those who live in suffering, without
shelter, and without refuge are called suffering. These sufferings are based on
attachment as a cause, attachment as a linking cause, attachment as a condition,
and dependence is the cause of their occurrence, generation, arising,
production, birth, and being born.

"All kinds of different shapes and forms in any world": "All kinds"
...(omitted, see previous).

20. Those who are clinging through ignorance, the dull one suffers repeatedly,
Therefore, the one who knows should not be dependent, knowing (that this is) the
    life and production of suffering.

"Whoever does not depend on the wise person": "Who," who is like what, such as
in effort, such as arrangement, such as the kind, wherever has arrived, where is
a khattiya, or brāhmaṇa, or vessa, or sudda, or a person at home, or a bhikkhu,
or a person. The "unwise person" is the person who has entered ignorance, the
indifferent, and the inferior. Relying on seeing, relying on pollution, ...on
work, evil deeds, food, disgust, the four attachments, the six inner places,
being dependent on the six types of consciousness, producing, making it live,
making it arise.

"Suffering repeatedly reaches the dull": "Birth, suffering, sickness, death,
sorrow, despair, and bitterness come again and again, fully arrive, grasp, cling
to. "The dull," the dull, the ignorant, the unwise, the indiscriminate, and the
inferior.

"Therefore the one who knows should not be dependent": "therefore," "the
reason; the condition; the cause, when you see this fault in the attachment.
"The knower," those who understand, those who know, those who know others, those
who see, and those who perceive: "All actions are impermanent"... (omitted) "All
actions are without self"... (omitted) "Any collection of dhamma is an
extinction" The one who understands, the one who knows, the one who knows
others, the one who penetrates. "Should not be dependent," and should not be
dependent upon, the attachment that should not be seen, ...should not be
polluted, ...not be evil, ...should not be food, ...hateful, ...the four
attachments, the six inner parts, the six types of consciousness, should not be
caused, should not be produced, and should not be caused to arise.

"Suffering": those who are born with suffering, those who are old, those who
are bitter, those who die, sorrow, despair; those who are suffering. "The
spectator of production": the spectator of the root of suffering, ...of the
cause, ...arising, generation, waiting, food, object, collection. The follower
of the collection is called wisdom. That is understanding... (abbreviated) no
delusion, choice, right view. To have, to fully have, to reach, to arrive, he is
called the follower.

21. (Mettagū:) Whatever we asked you, you told us; we want to ask you other
    things, come! Please tell us,
How do the wise cross the torrents, birth, aging, sadness, and weeping?
I ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me, because like this, you are the
    knower of these dhammas.

"Whatever we asked you, you told us": Whatever we ask, beg, what makes us
clear. "You told us," told, explained, clarified, taught, established,
uncovered, resolved.

"We want to ask you about other things, come! Please tell us": We want to ask
you about other things; we want to beg you for other things; we want to inquire
for other things; we want you to make other things clear; we want to ask you
more. "Come! Please tell us," come on! Please tell; please explain; please
teach; please inform; please build; please uncover; please analyze; please
clarify.

"How do the wise cross the torrents, birth, aging and sorrow, grief": "How?," A
question of doubt, confusion, rhetorical... (omitted) ...why? The "wise man"
means the wise man the enlightened man, the distinguished man. "Storm
(torrents)," the storm of desire, some storms, the storm of seeing, the storm of
ignorance. "Birth" refers to the birth, entry into (fetus), ...(omitted).
"Aging": ..., "Sorrow": ..., "Grief," being touched by the loss of the
relatives... (omitted) contacting certain sufferings, mourning, weeping, crying,
lamenting useless words, muttering, tearing, weeping.

"How do the wise people get through the storm, birth, aging, sorrow, and
grief?": How do the wise people survive, surpass, pass, cross, overcome the
storm, birth, aging, sorrow, and grief?

"Muni, please explain that thoroughly for me": "That," everything I ask;
everything I beg; everything that makes me clear. "Muni," Muni is called wisdom,
that is wisdom, understanding... (omitted), the Blessed One has the wisdom of
muni, reaching muni. There are three muni (perfect virtues): body muni, language
muni, intention muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the muni position (position ??); the three kinds of good behaviors are the muni
position; the wisdom in the body is the muni position; the omniscience of the
body is the muni position; walking the Path with omniscience is the body of
Muni; the abandonment of desire and greed, cut off as the muni; the fourth jhāna
extinction of the body is the position of muni, which is the position of body
muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds is
the position of language muni; the four kinds of good acts of language are the
position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni; the
omniscience of language is the position of Muni; and omniscience of the path of
all acts is the position of muni (??); the abandonment of desire and greed about
language is the position of muni; the second jhāna cessation of language is the
position of language muni, which is the position of muni.

What is intention muni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are
the muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the muni position; the
wisdom in the mind-object is the muni position; the omniscience of the heart is
the muni position; the one that walks the Path with omniscience is the position
of muni; the desire and greed about the heart are judged to be the position of
muni; the desire to perish the mind is the position of muni, which is the
position of muni.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention  are no troubles,
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been
  cleansed of evil."

There are six kinds of Muni with these three methods of muni: Muni with a home,
Muni without a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni,
Muni (of the) Muni. Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footprints
and have learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those
bhikkhus who have seen the footprints and who have learned the precepts are
without a home. The seven types of learning are for learning Muni, the Arahant
is the non-learning Muni, the Bhikkhu Buddha is the Bhikkhu Muni (??), and the
Tathāgata, the Arahant, and the Enlightened One are Muni.

"Non-Muna (silence) is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.
avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,
Everyone who understands the (inner and outer sum) in the world, because that is
  said to be Muni.
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world, the unwholesome and the good
  behind the Dhamma,
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man, beyond staining and the
    net, he is Muni."

"Explain thoroughly," please explain that thoroughly; please teach, please
inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify.
"Because like this you are the knower of these Dhammas": Because like this you
are the knower, judge, clarifier, and understander of these Dhammas.

22. [Blessed One: "Mettagū!"] I will tell you the Dhamma, known in real life and
    not through rumors;
Anyone who knows it, living mindfully, can cross over love (desire) in the
    world.

"I will tell you the Dhamma": "Dhamma," the beginning is good, the middle is
good, and the end is good; the meaning is correct, the phrase is correct; only
the perfect and pure Brahman line (complete): four mindfulnesses, four
righteousness, four divine bases, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment
factors, eight holy paths, Nibbāna and the path leading to Nibbāna; I will tell,
I will explain, I will teach, I will reveal, I will analyze, I will clarify.
"Mettagū," the Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name.

"In the current life and not in rumors": "In the current life," in the seen;
in the known; in the measured; in the made clear: "All actions are
impermanent"... (abbreviated) "Any collection of Dhamma is an end to Dhamma"
means in the Dhamma that is seen (in the current life); in the Dhamma that is
known; in the Dhamma that is measured; in the Dhamma that is made clear, this is
what I will talk about in the real life. Or, I will tell you about the suffering
which is seen; I will tell you about the collection which is seen; I will tell
you the way which is seen; I will tell you about the extinction of what is seen,
and this is what I will talk about in the present. Or, in the life as directly
visible, instant, inviting you to see, able to guide, and the wise should
experience it by themselves. This is what I will talk about in the life. For
being alive. "Not rumors," not anecdotal, not from hearsay, not from
inheritance, not from scripture, not from logical inference, not from reasoning,
not because of theoretical reflection, not because of an opinion received after
reflection, but by oneself. The method of knowledge and self-evidence, I will
talk about that.

"Anyone who, after knowing, is mindful": After knowing, weighing, judging,
separating, clarifying: "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, weighing,
(omitted)..., "all actions are suffering"... "all dhammas are non-self"...
"every collection of dhammas is the extinction of dhamma" after knowing,
weighing, judging, separating, clarifying. "Mindful," there are four ways to be
mindful: when practicing mindfulness in the body and mindfulness... (omitted) he
is called mindful. "Walker," when you go, live, act, guard, exist, survive.

"Able to cross through love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is
greed, ... (abbreviated) unwholesome roots. "Being in love," what does it mean
to be loving? The "spread" is for love (??); the "broad" is for love; the "vast"
is for love; the "incorrect" is for love; "it forces" is for love; "it seizes"
is for love; "Fraud" is for love; "poisonous root" is for love; "poisonous
fruit" is for love; "poison is used" is for love; or, "the vast thirst for love:
in form... sound... smell... taste... (omitted), the material realm, the
formless realm, want to have (??), the four, the five endowments, past, future,
now, the enlarged attachments in the dhammas that are seen, heard, felt, and
knowable" are love. "In the world," in the world of suffering, in the world of
humans, (omitted)..., and in the world of being. "Able to survive the love in
the world": "The love in the world, he can pass through, surpass, pass,
transcend, and overcome mindfully" [Ni.1].

23. (Mettagū:) I rejoice in that, great rishi! The supreme Dhamma,
Anyone who knows which, living mindfully, can cross through the love of the
    world.

"I rejoice in that": "That," your words, language, teaching, and admonition. "I
rejoice," I rejoice; I am happy; I love; I want, I can use, I beg, I hope, I
pray.

"Great rishi! The Supreme Dhamma": "Great rishi," why is the Blessed the Great
rishi? The "seekers, and pursuers of the Great Precepts" are the great rishis.
...of the great concentration..., ...of the great liberation aggregate..., "the
seeker and pursuer of the Great Liberation of Wisdom and Insight" is the great
rishi; the fragments gathered by the dark..., the destruction of the great
upside down..., the pulling out of the big arrow of thirst..., the unraveling of
the accumulation of sight..., the lifting of the big conceit flag, ...the
calming of the great work..., the calming of the big storm..., the laying down
of the heavy burden..., the severance of the cycle of the great
reincarnation..., the disappearance of the great heat..., the cessation of the
great heat..., "the seeker and the pursuer who lifts the flag of Dhamma in his
heart" become the great rishi; the great minds..., the great exertion..., the
great gods..., the great roots..., the power..., the great enlightenment
branches..., the big eight branches of the holy path..., "the immortality of the
great supreme benefit, the seeker of Nibbāna, the pursuer" is great rishi;
"Sought, pursued, and searched for by powerful beings: Where is the Buddha?
Where is the Blessed One? Where is the god among the gods? Where is the bull
king among people?" Such is the great rishi. "The highest Dhamma," the highest
Dhamma is called immortality, Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the
cessation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed, extinguishment,
and Nibbāna. "Supreme," the first, the most victorious, the highest, the top,
the most, the apex of Dhamma.

"Anyone who walks mindfully after knowing": After known, measured, judged,
separated, and clarified: "All actions are impermanent" after known, measured,
judged, separated, and clarified; "all actions are suffering" ... "All Dhamma is
no-self"... (omitted) "all dhamma is extinction".... "Conscientious" means
conscientious in four ways: when practicing mindfulness on the body, it is
conscientious... (abbreviated) on the mind... ...on the heart... when practising
on the Dhamma... he is called mindful. "Walker," when walking, staying, acting,
going on, guarding, surviving.

"Able to cross through the love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which
is greed,... unwholesome roots. "Being in love," what does it mean to be loving?
"... (omitted) "In the world" ... (omitted) world). "Able to pass the love in
the world": He can pass through, transcend, and overcome thoughtfully in that
world of love, or in the world of love.

24. [Blessed One: "Mettagū!"] Anything you know rightly, in the upper, lower and
    middle four directions,
After not rejoicing and dwelling in these, consciousness will not stand in
    existence.

"Anything you know rightly": What you know, what you understand. "Mettagū," the
Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name. "Blessed One"... (omitted).

"In the upper, lower, and middle four directions": "Up" is the future, "Down"
is the past, "Middle Four" is the present; "Up" is the heavenly world, "Down" is
the hell world, "Middle Four" is the world of human beings. Or, "Up" is good
Dhamma, "Down" is unwholesome Dhamma, "Middle Four" is non-marked Dhamma; "Up"
is the formless realm, "Down" is the desire realm, and "Middle Four" is the
physical realm; "Up" means joy, "Down" means suffering, "Middle Four" means
neither suffering nor joy; "Up" means above the sole of the foot, "Down" means
below the hair, and "Middle Four" means in the middle.

"After not rejoicing and dwelling in these, consciousness will not remain in
existence": "In these," being explained, taught, informed, established,
uncovered, analyzed, and clarified. Happiness is called craving, which is
greed... unwholesome roots. "Living," there are two kinds of living: the thirsty
(craving) living and the seeing living. How to live as a thirsty person? All
with thirst... (omitted) This is the dwelling of thirst. What is living by
seeing? There are twenty people who rely on the body to see... (omitted) This is
the living of seeing.

"Knowledge after removal": Knowledge that is capable of blessing, non-blessing,
and knowledge that does not move [SN.12.51]. In these, the knowledge that
rejoices and moves (??).  After removal, after exclusion, after breaking, giving
up, abandoning, driving away, ending, and making it go to non-existence.

"Whether there is to live without standing (??)": "Yes," there are two kinds: kamma
and rebirth. What is kamma? Blessed deeds, non-blessed deeds, and immovable
deeds are kamma. What is rebirth? The forms, feelings, thoughts, behaviors and
consciousness of the knot (??) are reborn. "Won't stay in existence": The knowledge
and kamma that rejoice and abide in the practice and the rebirth of rebirth (??) will
break, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence. It will not stand
still; it will not stand or stand still at the conjunctivation (??) again.

25. Those who live in this way, have mindfulness, and do not let go (relax), Bhikkhus
    who abandon all things held as mine;
Birth, aging, sorrow, and grief: it is here that the wise can give up suffering.

"Those who live like this, have mindfulness, and do not let go (relax)": "Live
like this," Knowledge and kamma to live and live together (??), as well as the
rebirth of the rebirth (??), the renunciation, the driving away, the end, and
the making it go to non-existence. "Mindfulness" is conscientious in four ways:
when practicing mindfulness in the body... (omitted) he is called mindful.
"Those who do not let go" are respectful actors, regular , non-stop , those who
have the habit of not being stuck, those who do not neglect their desires, those
who do not neglect responsibility and those who are not negligent of good
Dhamma; "How can I complete the unfinished vows, or the completed vows can be
funded everywhere with wisdom?" Where he has intentions, diligence, courage,
hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, right knowledge, enthusiasm, zealousness,
establishment, practice, not letting go, and not relaxing in good Dhamma; "How
can I complete the unfinished concentration... (abbreviated) highest wisdom...
Liberty Aggregate... unfinished liberating wisdom view aggregate...  completed
liberated wisdom view aggregate...?" Where he has intentions, diligence,
courage, ...(omitted). "How can I know the future? The suffering of omniscience,
or the pollution that has not been abandoned, or the way that has not been
practised, or the testimony, the destruction?" Where he has intentions,
diligence, ....

"Bhikkhus who abandon all held as 'mine'": "Bhikkhus," virtuous bhikkhus, or
learning bhikkhus. "Bhikkhus," when walking, staying, acting, going on,
guarding, and surviving. "Holding as 'mine,'" there are two kinds of self
attachment: the thirsty self-holding and the view self-holding... (omitted) This
is the thirsty self-holding ...this is the self-holding of seeing... (omitted);
after the end, make it go to non-existence.

"Birth, aging, sorrow, and grief, where the wise can give up suffering":
"Birth," (omitted, see previous).... "Aging," .... "Sorrow," .... "Grief," ....
"Here," ..... "The wise" are those who have reached clarity, the wise.
"Suffering," .... "Birth, aging, sorrow, and grief, where the wise can give up
suffering": "The one who has arrived, the wise are born here, aging and sorrow,
grief, he can give up, can drive away, can end, can make them go to
non-existence.

26. (Mettagū:) I rejoice at great rishi's words; well said, Gotama, is the state
    without dependence,
Blessed One! It is true that you have given up suffering, for these Dhammas like
    this have been known to you.

"I rejoice in the words of great rishi": ...(omitted, see previous). "I
rejoice," .... "Great rishi," ....

"Well said, Gotama, the state without dependence": "Well said," Speaking well,
interpreting, teaching, informing, establishing,, uncovering, analyzing,,
clarifying, and explanatory. "Gotama is a non-dependant actor," according to
what is called the pollution and the aggregates and the creations, Severance,
the cessation of adherence, the cessation of adherence, immortality, and
Nibbāna.

"Master! For it is true that you have given up suffering": "Truly," this is
decisive language, undoubted language, confident language, unduly, undoubtedly
reciting language, command language, and language without error, the word of
certainty, which is "truly". "World Honored," (omitted).... "You give up
suffering," life suffering, old age suffering, sickness, death, sorrow, grief,
despair, bitterness, you give up, abandon, drive away, put to an end, and cause
to cease to exist.

"Because like this you are the knower of these Dhammas": Because like this you
are the knower, the judge, the clarifier, the understander of these Dhammas.

27. Indeed, they can also give up suffering, those who you, Muni, continue to
    teach,
After meeting you, I salute you, nāga (noble person, or elephant)! Perhaps the
    Blessed One will continue to teach me.

"They can indeed give up suffering": "They" are khattiya, brāhmaṇa, vessa,
sudda, laymen, bhikkhus, those in the heavens, and people. "Can give up
suffering," birth suffering, old age suffering, (omitted)..., they can give up,
discard, dispel, end, and make them to be non-existent.

"Muni, those who you continue to teach": The "who..." are khattiya, Brahman,
(omitted).... "You," he said that the Blessed One "Muni," which is Wisdom...
(omitted). "Will continue to teach," will continue to explain, will teach
thoroughly, and teach repeatedly, will teach again and again, will teach
continuously.

"After meeting you, I salute you, nāga (Noble One)": "You," he said the
world-honored. "I salute," I salute with my body, or I show respect with words,
or with my heart, or I respect as it means (??), or I follow the Dhamma to show
respect; reverence. "After meeting," after meeting, having completely met, fully
met, I will salute you. "Noble One," The Blessed One does not commit crimes as
a "Noble One;" does not go as a "Noble One;" does not come as a "Noble One." How
is "the Blessed One does not commit a crime" a noble one? Crime is called evil
unwholesome dhamma: following pollution, re-existing, fearful, bitter, future
life and death.

Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 527]

"He who does not commit any crime in the world, after leaving all bonds and ties,
does not cling to everything and is freed. Those like this are truly called
noble ones."

How is "The Blessed One is not going" as a noble one? The Blessed One should not
do what he does not want; do not because of terror; do not go because of greed;
do not go because of hatred; not because of ignorance; not because of conceit;
not because of seeing; not because of disbelief; do not go because of doubt; do
not go because of potential troubles; don't be carried away by quarrels
(disharmony), walk, carry, carry (?? ??).

How is "The Blessed One is not coming" as a noble one? Any pollution that is cut
off by the Sotāpanna Path, the pollution he no longer experiences, does not
return, and does not go back; it is said that... (omitted) is not returned...
all that is polluted by the Arahant Path, those pollutions He no longer
experiences, does not return, does not go back.

"Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me": Perhaps the Blessed One
will continue to teach, thoroughly teach, continuously teach, repeatedly teach,
will teach me.

28. (The Blessed One:) Any Brahman who can prove to be a person who knows the Vedas,
    owning nothing, has no attachment to desire and existence,
Indeed he has survived the storm, and has crossed the other shore as an
    undesiring person, an undoubting person.

"A Brahmin can prove to be a person who knows the Vedas": "Brahman," the
exclusion of the seven methods is the brahman: seeing is excluded, doubt is
excluded, abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded,
illusion is eliminated, sloth is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods
are eliminated: those that are contaminated, those that are no longer there,
those that are fearful, those who will suffer the consequences, and those who
will die in the future.

Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 524 verses]

After all evil is eliminated, the state of being standing in the standing state (??),
After he transcends reincarnation, he becomes a perfect man. Those who are not
dependent, like this can be called him, Brahman.

"Know the Vedas": Vedas are called the wisdom on the four realms... (omitted)
He is one who knows the Vedas after transcending all Vedas. "Can prove to know,"
be able to testify, know, can distinguish, know for sure, can penetrate.

"No ownership, desire and existence without obsession": "Not owning any thing,"
greed is a thing; hatred is a thing; ignorance is a thing; conceit is a thing;
seeing (views) is a thing; pollution is a thing; evil deeds are things. For him,
any of these have been cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and
burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who has no ownership.
"Desire," there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of
pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... (omitted). "Yes
(?? there are two kinds of 'there are??')," there are two types: kamma and
rebirth... (omitted). "There is no owner, and there is no obsessive in desire.":
A person who has no possessions in desire (and) is unattached, unobstructed,
has departed, has given up, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage,
he lives with the liberated heart.

"It's true that he has survived the storm": "It is true," this is the decisive
language... (omitted). "The storm," the storm of desire, some torrents (??),
torrents of sight, ignorant torrents. "Passed," he surpassed, passed trough,
overtook.

"And those who have crossed the other shore are those who are not deserted, and
who do not doubt": "Have passed," The violent currents of the worldly desire
have been passed; some torrents have been passed; the torrents of seeing have
been passed; the violent currents of ignorance have been passed; all the
circuits have been passed, have come out, have crossed, have overcome, he is the
one who has descended, the person who has practiced, the person who has
completed the journey, the person who has reached the direction, the person who
has reached the end, the person who has guarded the Brahma, the person who has
reached the highest view, the person who has practiced the Path, the person who
has cut off the pollution, the unshakable person, the person who has testified
to extermination, for him, the suffering has been known, the congregation has
been abandoned, the Path has been practiced, the extinction has been testified,
the one who has been proved to be known, the knowing can be known, those who
have renounced what should be renounced, those who have been practiced what
should be practiced, and those who have testified what should be testified. He
is the one whose obstacle has been removed, the one whose ditch has been filled,
the one whose pillar has been pulled up, the one who has no latch, the one whose
holy flag has fallen, the one whose burden has been removed, the one who has
separated, the one whose five branches have been cut off, and the one who has
six branches. Those who have one guardian and four reliances are those whose
truths have been removed, those who seek to have renounced and completely
decayed, those who have no turbid intentions, those who have calmed their lives,
those who are kind and free, those who are freed by wisdom; the highest person,
the supreme person, who has achieved the supreme accomplishment, neither
composes nor disassembles, does not accumulate and then stands; neither gives up
nor clings, but stands after giving up; neither dispelling nor accumulating,
staying standing after dispelling; neither extinguishing nor burning, staying
standing after extinguishing [SN.22.79], a person who has the state of no
learning precepts, and a state of no learning dwelling, the dweller who has the
state of wisdom without learning, the dweller with the state of ignorance of the
abundance of knowledge, the dweller who has the state of emancipation of no
learning, the state of wisdom, and the abiding after completion and penetration
of the truth, those who have passed the disturbance (craving), those who stand
after the pollution fire is extinguished, those who are no longer coming at all,
those who have grasped (victory), those who are free from use(??), the pure
dweller of compassion, the pure dweller of mercy, the pure dweller of joy, the
pure dweller of peace, the pure dweller of all, the state of being equal to the
other (??), pervasively pure dwellers, those who have been liberated, those who
have been fulfilled, those who are in the ultimate (boundary), those who are in
the world, and those who are the dweller at the ultimate, the dweller at the
ultimate place of interest, the dweller at the ultimate rebirth, the dweller at
the ultimate end of life (, the dweller at the end of existence, the dweller at
the end of reincarnation, the dweller of the last body, the dweller of the
ultimate cycle, the dweller of the ultimate walking, the dweller of the supreme
at the end), the dweller of the last gathering (body), the Arahant holding the
last body.

"This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),
The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth."

"Already crossed the other shore": The other shore is called immortality,
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the extinction of craving, greed, annihilation, and Nibbāna. He is the one who
has reached the other shore; the one who has reached the other side,
(omitted)... the final target; ...the end, the boundary, the ultimate. Those who
have reached the end, the shelter, have reached the refuge; those who have
reached the refuge have reached no terror; no terror, ...no death; no death,
deathless; deathless, Nibbāna; Nibbāna... he is a person who as descended and
practiced... (omitted) The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth.

"Desolate": the desolation of greed, the desolation of anger, the desolation of
ignorance, the desolation of resentment... (omitted) all the desolation of
unwholesome deeds, for him these desolations have been cut off, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the
non-desolate. "Undoubted": Suspicion on suffering, suspicion on accumulation of
suffering, ...cessation of suffering, ...the path leading to suffering, the
front, the back, ...in the context of the context, the suspicion of the specific
conditional conditions, such doubts, doubtful states, confusion, hesitation,
crossroads, inconsistent grasping, hesitating, unresolved, stiff state,
confusion of the mind; for him these doubts have been cut off, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom; he is called the
unskeptical.

29. All the wise and those who are versed in the Vedas here, after ties to all
    kinds of existence are dismissed,
He is a person who has no thirst, has no worries, and has no desires; I say that
    he has crossed over birth and aging.

"Here are all the wise and who those who know the Vedas": The "wise man" is one
who is wise, .... "Where," what kind of person is like...or person (??). "Knows
with the Vedas," the Vedas are called wisdom, roots of wisdom, strength, choice,
enlightenment, investigation, vipassanā, right view in the four realms. Those
who have been born, aged, and died in the Vedas have arrived at the ultimate
(target); the person who has reached the end; ...(omitted, see previous) Or "the
one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who knows the Vedas, or the "the one
who has reached the Vedas" is the master of the Vedas, or those who have known
the seven dhammas and are well versed in the Vedas: one who knows,
doubts...(omitted) abstain from taking... greed... aversion... ignorance...
conceit to be known(??), its evils Dhamma is known: the ones that are polluted,
the ones that are there again(??), the ones that have fear, the ones that suffer
the consequences, and the ones that will live and die in the future.

Blessed One: [Sn.3.6, 534]

Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Samaṇas and Brahmins that exist
    here,
He is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is one
    versed in the Vedas.

"People" are all beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals,
lives, those who are born, sentient beings, those who are born in Indra, and
Manu. "Here," it belongs to this... (omitted) in this person's world.

"After ties to all kinds (of existence) are dismissed": "In all kinds of
existence," in all kinds of existence of kamma, in the existence of desires; in
the existence of desires, in the existence of materiality; in the kamma of
material existence, in the existence of the formless existence; in the kamma of
the formless existence, in the existence again and again; in the repeated
interest, in the rebirth and rebirth, in the birth of individuals. "Ties," there
are seven kinds of ties: greedy ties, hatred ties, idiotic ties, conceit ties,
seeing ties, polluting ties, evil ties. "After giving up," after giving up ties,
it is after giving up, or on ties, on bondage, on expanding bondage, on the
entangled, on the attached, on being fixed on, on the obstacle, after shaking
the binding, after leaving, such as a carriage ride, or sedan, or wagon, or
chariot transports. After the release (dissociation), they are placed and
destroyed. Similarly, after giving up ties, ...(omitted) on the bondage after
being shaken away.

"He is a person who is free from love, who has no distress, and has no desire. I
say that he has passed through "birth and aging": "Craving for love" is the
craving for form..., the craving for Dhamma. For him who thirst for love has
been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the
fire of wisdom, he is called the one who departs from the thirst, the one who
has departed from the thirst, and the one who abandons the thirst. Eliminate
those who thirst for love, liberate those who thirst for love, give up those who
thirst for love, those who renounce greed, those who abandon greed, those who
eliminate greed, those who are free from greed. The one who is not hungry and
thirsty, the one who has become cool, the one who feels happiness, and the one
who lives as a Brahman, he is the one who is free from thirst. "No distress,"
greed is distressed; anger is distressed; ignorance is distressed; (omitted)...,
all bad practices are distressed. For him, these distresses are cut off
(omitted)...; he is called the one who has no distress. "No desire," desire is
called craving, which is greed, (omitted)..., unwholesome roots. For him who
this desire is cut off (omitted)..., he is called the one who has no desire.
"Born," among all beings... (omitted) everywhere. "Aging," the degeneration of
the roots of all living beings... (omitted), this is called old age. "He is the
one who thirsts, the one who has no distress, and the one who has no desire. I
say that he has passed through "birth and aging": Where he is the one who is
free from the thirst, the one who has no distress, and the one who has no
desire, "birth, aging, death, he does pass, surpass, transcend, cross, and
overcome." I said, I explained, I taught, (omitted)....

---

At the end of these verses.... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
