### 6. Upasīva

> 38 &middot; [Venerable Upasīva like this:]  
Sakyamuni! Alone, lonely, without support,  
I can't get through the torrent,  
All-seeing One, please tell me about an object,  
Those who depend on which can survive the torrent.

"Sakyamuni! Alone..., the torrent": "Alone," Without a personal partner, or
without my partner of the Dhamma: anyone who is dependent on the Dhamma can
survive, can transcend, pass, surpass, and overcome the torrents of great
desire, the torrents of seeing, the torrents of ignorance. "Sakyamuni,"
Sakyamuni is a bhikkhu from the house of Sakya. This is Sakyamuni. Or, "the
rich, the wealthy," this is also Sakyamuni. For him there are these wealth,
namely: trusting wealth, abstaining from wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing
about wealth, giving wealth, wisdom wealth, mindfulness of wealth, righteous
wealth, divine wealth, root wealth, strength wealth, enlightenment wealth, Path
wealth, Fruit wealth, Nibbāna wealth, and use these various treasures as the
rich, the wealthy. Or, those who are possible, those who are able, those who
flow out all kinds of things, those who are sufficient, those who are heroes,
those who are brave, those who are heroic, those who are not timid, those who
are not frightened, those who do not run away, those who have given up fear of
fear, those who have given up terror and fear. Doubts are called doubts: doubt
of suffering, doubt of the path leading to suffering, doubt of the future, doubt
of the past, doubt of the future and the past, doubt of causal connections, such
doubts, suspicions, doubtful states, confusion, hesitation, crossroads,
inconsistent grasping, hesitating, incomplete understanding, stiff state,
confusion of mind.

"[Like this Venerable Upasīva]": "Like this," the continuation of the sentences,
the connection of the words, the completion of the sentences, the combination of
words, this is the order of the sentence, which is "like this." "Venerable,"
this is a synonym of love, respect, and obedience. "Upasīva," the name, title,
security of the Brāhmaṇa, title, word, phrase.

"Unsupported, I can't get through": "Unsupported," without support of man or
without support of the Dhamma, I can't get over it, transcend, pass, surpass,
overcome the violent currents of great desire, the violent currents of seeing,
the violent currents of ignorance.

"All-seeing, please tell about the object": The object, the dependence of the
condition, the close dependence, please tell, please explain, teach, inform,
establish, uncover, parse, clarify. "All-eyes," all eyes are called the state of
all-knowing wisdom. Therefore, the Blessed One reaches (has), enters, enters
completely, has sufficiently, the state of wisdom.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world),  
There is no knowledge that cannot be known,  
He proves that everything that exists should be guided by inference,  
Because the Tathāgata, like that, is all-eyes."  
[Ps.1]

"Anyone who is dependent (on it) can ride through the torrent": "Anyone who is
dependent," a mortal or Dhamma-based person can overcome, transcend, pass,
surpass, and overcome the torrent of great desire, torrents of being, seeing
torrents, ignorance torrents.

> 39 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]  
Watching non-owning, mindful,  
Relying on "nothing" to make you ride through the torrent,  
After giving up on desire,  
Day and night see (contemplate) the demise of craving.

"Watching non-owning, mindful": The Brāhmaṇa was originally the attainer and the
dependent who has no possessions. He doesn't know "This is my dependence." The
Blessed One explained to him the dependence and the higher way out: enter into
the state of non-ownership with mindfulness and wait, and then after coming out
from there, seeing (it) is impermanent, suffering, and sick in the mind and
mental states that arise, tumor, arrow, curse, the other side, corruption,
disaster, movable, perishable, unstable, it is no refuge, is miserable, the root
of misfortune, hypocritical, empty, selfless, it is the dhamma of impermanence,
murderer, increasing, bait, is life, the method of old age, the method of sorrow
and despair, of pollution, pleasure, the extinction, trouble, renunciation; he
is watching, seeing, and observing.

"Those with thoughts": all thoughts, perceptions, memories... (omitted), this is
called thought. Having... (omitted), having this thought, he is called a
thoughtful person.

"[The Blessed One: 'Upasīva!']": "Upasīva," the Blessed One calls the Brāhmaṇa
by his surname. "The Blessed One" is synonymous with respect. In addition, the
"greed breaker" is the Blessed One; the "sickness destroyer" is the Blessed One;
"the one who has destroyed conceit" is the Blessed One; "the one who has
destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the
pollutants" is Blessed One; "the one who has ended" is the Blessed One; "the one
who has practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the
Blessed One; or "the Blessed One is close to the woods, wild forests, and border
dwellings (sitting place), where speaking is lessened, it is quiet, away from
the human atmosphere, alone, and suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One;
or "the Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of
patients, and medical necessities"; or "the Blessed One is the one who has the
taste of righteousness, the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the
increased precepts, the mind, and the wisdom"; or "the Blessed One is the four
kinds of jhāna, the four immeasurables, the four formlessness, etc., the one who
divides is the Blessed One"; or the Blessed One is the one who has the eighth
liberation, the eight victories, the ninth dwelling place, etc.; or the Blessed
One is the practice of ten thoughts, (ten) abidings, the one who (observes) the
in and out of breath; the one who is purely divided is the Blessed One; or the
Blessed One divides the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four
divine bases (iddhipāda), the five faculties, the five powers, the seven
enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path; or the Blessed
One is ten Tathāgata, four fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six
supernatural powers and the six enlightenment methods. "Blessed One," this name
is not given by the mother; not given by the father; not given by brothers; not
given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by
Samaṇas or Brāhmaṇas; not given by heaven; it is ultimate liberation; the
establishment (of the pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the
Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom,
that is, the Blessed One.

"Relying on 'nothing' makes you ride through the torrent": "Nothing" means
dwelling in nothingness. For what reason is "nothing" dwelling in nothingness?
Enter into the abode of boundless consciousness mindfully; after dwelling, come
out from there; that consciousness, perceiving it to not exist, making it to
disappear, he sees "nothing," and for this reason "nothing" is nothing. After
relying on, and after doing what you want, you can get through, surpass, pass,
go over, overcome the torrents of desire, torrents of being, the torrents of
seeing.

"After giving up on desire, have been freed from doubts": "Desire," there are
two kinds of desires: there are two kinds of desires: the desire for things and
the desire for pollution. What are the desires for things? Desirable sight,
sound, smell, taste, touch; bedding, clothing, maidservants, goats and sheep,
chickens and pigs, elephants, cows, horses, mules, horses, fields, houses, gold,
gold coins, villages and towns, capitals, countries, territories, treasuries,
warehouses; everything that can be tainted by greed is the desire for things.

In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal
desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires,
medium desires, superior desires; desires in the suffering world, human desires,
heavenly desires, existing desire, created desire, uncreated desire, created
desire by others, possessed desire, unpossessed desire, cherished desire,
non-cherished desires; the desires of all the worlds of desire, the desires of
all the worlds of physicality, all the desires of the world of non-material
worlds, dependence on thirst and desire for love, desiring righteousness, greed
for righteousness, the desire to be intoxicated by righteousness and happiness,
is called the desire for things.

What is the desire for defilement? The desire for desire, the desire for greed,
the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire for lust, the
desire for intention, the joy of desire, love obsession, the binding harness of
desire, attachment, the desire for cover.

"Seeing those roots of desire,  
Wanting to be produced by thought (intention),  
I will not think of them,  
So desire will not exist."  
[Jat.8.421]

These are called polluting desires. Craving thirst, attachment, it is greed,
lust... (omitted) unwholesome roots. "Should not be greedy in desire": In the
desire to pollute, one should not be greedy, or obstructed in the desire of
things, should be separated from greed, and those who have excluded greed, have
been freed from greed, have renounced greed, have no greed, have eliminated
greed, those who have attained the cessation of greed, have no hunger and
thirst, those who have extinguished, have become cool, and feel joy, should live
as a Brāhmaṇa.

"After giving up on the desires," after knowing the desires for things, after
giving up on the desires for pollution, after giving up, after being driven
away, after finishing, and making it come to non-existence. "I have been
separated from doubts," doubts are called suspicions: doubts of suffering...
(omitted). I have been separated from doubts, have abstained, have been
separated, have left, have been freed, have been separated from the bondage,
living with an unrestrained heart. Or, separated from thirty-two kinds of
beasts, abstinence, quashed, renunciation, and liberation, living with an
unrestrained heart.

"Day and night see the extinguishment of craving": The craving of "thirst"...
(omitted). Night is called night, day is day; day and night, watch and increase,
looking up, seeing, watching, observing the extinction of craving, the
extinction of greed, ...of hatred, ...of ignorance, of interest, of past life,
of the end of life, of reincarnation, of rotation.

> 40 &middot; [Venerable Upasīva like this:]  
Anyone who has left greed in all desires,  
Relies on nothingness and abandoning all others,  
The victor who has the highest liberation of knowledge,  
Can he dwell there and become a non-traveler?

"Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": "In everything," all
completely, completely in every aspect, without residue, and the whole earth.
This is the language of pervasiveness, which is "in everything." "Desire,"
...(omitted). "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": Anyone who
has gone away from greed in all desires, has no greed, has abandoned greed, has
eliminated greed, has been freed from greed, has renounced greed, has broken
greed, those who have suppressed greed.

"[Like this Venerable Upasīva]": ...(omitted).

"Relying on non-owning and abandoning the others": The lower six attainments he
abandons, renounces, after giving up forever, surpasses, crosses, overcomes, and
attains the sphere of nothingness, non-dependent, non-clinging. Those who enter,
those who fully enter, those who are tied, those who turn their minds toward
them.

"The victors who are liberated at the highest level": Those who are liberated
are called the seven attainments, and the liberation of nothingness is the
first, the most victorious, the best, the foremost, the highest, the top, the
winner of liberation, the overcomer, the character, the abundant, the serious,
the one with that as the object, inclining to, leading to, resolved, the winner.

"Can he dwell there and become a non-traveler": "Can he dwell," questioning of
doubt, questioning of perplexity, questioning of confusion, more than one
question: "Is that so? Isn't that true? What is it? How is it?" "There," in
nowhere. "Non-travelers," those who do not follow, those who do not shake
(waver), those who do not leave, those who do not disappear, and those who do
not return. Or, the one who is not infected, the one who does not fall, the one
who does not change to be foolish, the one who is not defiled.

> 41 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]  
After going away from greed in all their desires,  
Relying on nothingness, abandoning other things,  
The victor who is liberated in the knowledge,  
He can live there and become a non-traveler.

"Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": ...(omitted).

"[The Blessed One: 'Upasīva!']": ...(omitted).

"Rely on nothing and abandon the others": ...(omitted).

"The victors who are liberated at the highest level": ...(omitted).

"He can dwell there and become a non-traveler": "He can dwell," he can live and
stand for sixty thousand kappas. "There," in nowhere. "Non-traveler," the
non-follower, the one who does not shake (waver), the one who does not leave,
the one who does not disappear, the one who does not retreat. Or, the one who is
not infected, the one who does not fall, the one who does not remain ignorant,
the one who does not defile.

> 42 &middot; [Venerable Upasīva like this:]  
If he can live there and become a non-traveler,  
Even for many years, all-seeing One!  
Would he become cooled and liberated?  
Will the consciousness of people like that die?

"If he can live there and become a non-traveler": ...(omitted).

"Even for many years, all-eyes": "Even for many years, many years; many hundred
years; many thousand years; many ten thousand years; many kappas. All eyes are
called the state of all knowing wisdom... (omitted).

"Will he become cooled and liberated? Will the consciousness of a person like
that die?": The arrival of the cool state, constant, firm, eternal, and
unchanging. Will it survive as everlasting? Or will his consciousness die, be
extinguished, disappear, perish, or not exist? Will some reborn consciousness be
born from the desire realm, or the physical realm, or the non-material realm? He
asked of the permanence and extinction of those who have entered into
nothingness. Or will they there realize Nibbāna in the ultimate unremaining
Nibbāna? Or, will his consciousness die, and the further realization of
consciousness will arise in the desire realm, Or the physical realm, or the
non-material realm? He asked about the Nibbāna and consummation of those who
have no place to regenerate. "That kind of person," Like that, the fixator, this
kind, the similar, the rebirth after nothingness.

> 43 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]  
Like the flame being thrown by the wind,  
Goes to extinction and cannot be reckoned (to exist),  
Like this, the Muni has been freed from the name and body,  
Goes to extinction, and cannot be reckoned (to exist).

"Like a flame thrown by the wind": The flame is called a light flame. "Wind,"
east wind, west wind, north wind, south wind, dusty wind, dust-free wind, cold
wind, hot wind, small wind, extreme wind, swift wind, cross wind, wind of the
golden-winged bird, wind of the dormitory leaves, wind of the fan. "Tossed by
the wind," tossed, thrown, dispersed, strongly dispersed, hit, eliminated by the
wind.

"[The Blessed One: 'Upasīva!']": ...(omitted).

"Goes to extinction, cannot be reckoned": "Walk to extinction," to go to
extinction, make it go to extinction, be extinct, be calmed down, to stop.
"Cannot be reckoned by name," is difficult to be given a name, saying does not
come, counting does not come, designating does not come: "It has arrived in the
east, or has arrived in the west, or has arrived in the north, or has arrived in
the south, or has reached the top, or has reached the bottom, or has reached the
horizontal direction, or has reached the middle of the four directions." It has
no cause, no predestiny, and no factor that will fall into (walk to) the name.

"Muni is free from name and body like this": "Like this" is a figurative
arrangement. "Muni," ...(omitted). "Already freed from the name and body," the
Muni who had been freed from the body before, crossed that portion, cut off. For
the Muni, because of the existence, the four holy ways are obtained, the name
and body are known in the attained four holy ways, and knowing the name and
form, there is disengagement, freedom, and liberation without clinging.

"Walking to extinction, he cannot be reckoned": "He doesn't come to the name"
with the world of Nibbāna without remnants. "He does not come to the name," he
does not come to the name of the one who realizes Nibbāna in the world of
Nibbāna without residue. He does not come (he is difficult to be given a name),
in saying he does not come, in counting he does not come, and designating he
does not come: "khattiya," or "Brāhmaṇa," or "vessa," or "sudda," or "at home,"
or "uncle," or "god," or "person," or "form," or "formless," or "thinking," or
"not thinking," or "neither thinking nor not-thinking;" he has no cause, no
predestiny, and no factor to fall into (walk to) the name.

> 44 &middot; (Upasīva:) Has he reached extinction, or he does not exist,  
Or is he a disease-free person?  
I ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me,  
Because like this you are the knower of this Dhamma.

"Has he reached extinction or he does not exist": He has reached extinction or
does not exist, he has been annihilated, has been destroyed, has been
destroyed.

"Eternally disease-free": It is still constant, firm, eternal, and unchanging.

"Muni, please explain this thoroughly for me": "That," ...(omitted). "Muni,"
...(omitted). "Explain thoroughly," ...(omitted).

"Because you are the knower of these Dhammas like this": Because you are the
knower of these Dhammas like this, the measurer, the judge, the clarifier.

> 45 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Upasīva!"]  
For the one who has reach extinction, there is no measure,  
Nothing can be said of his existence,  
When all dhamma has been eradicated,  
All language paths are also eradicated.

"For those who have reached extinction, there is no measure": For those who have
reached extinction, for those who have no remnants of Nibbāna, the measure of
form does not exist, the measure of receiving does not exist, ...thinking does
not exist, ...action..., ...consciousness..., it does not exist is not known, is
not discovered, has been cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and
burned by the fire of wisdom.

"[The Blessed One: 'Upasīva!']": ...(omitted).

"What can be said about him does not exist for him": What can be said about him
in terms of greed; ...what kind of hatred; ...foolishness; ...sloth; in view,
who can speak of him; what can be said about him by what disbelief; ...by what
suspicion; ...by the latent tendency of troubles, become "infected," or
"disgusting," or "ignorant," or "being bound," or "clinging," or "coming to
disorganization," or "coming to dissatisfaction," or "coming to fortitude?"
Those deeds have been abandoned. What state of interest has been abandoned, he
will tremble and become a "hell-fallen," or a "beast-fallen person," or a
"hungry ghost land person," or a "human," or a "heaven," or a "formed," or
"formless," or "thinking," or "non-thinking," or "neither thinking nor
non-thinking?" He has no cause, no predestination, no factor to say so, to tell,
talk, explain.

"When all dhammas have been eradicated": In all dhammas, in all aggregates, in
all places, in all realms, in all places of interest, in all rebirth, in all
incarnations, in all existence, in all reincarnation, when the cycle has been
pulled out, when it has been eradicated, when it has been removed, when it has
been completely removed, when it has been disconnected, when it has calmed down,
when it has ceased, when it cannot arise, when it has been burned by the fire of
wisdom.

"All language paths are also eradicated": The language path is called the
pollution and the various aggregates and the various creations. For him, the
language, the language path, the name (increase of words), the language, and the
peace, has been pulled out, has been eradicated, ...(omitted).

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
