### 8. Hemaka

> 53 &middot; [Venerable Hemaka like this:]  
Whatever they told me before, before Gotama's teaching,  
Like this that was, like this that will be, that is all rumors,  
That was all an increase in theory, I didn't have much joy there.

"What they told me before": Bāvari Brāhmaṇa and all other his teachers, they
explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify their own views,
their own likes, inclinations, opinions, intentions.

"[Like this Venerable Hemaka]": "Like this," the continuation of the sentences,
the connection of the words, the completion of the sentences, the combination of
words, this is the order of the sentence, which is "like this." "Venerable,"
this is a synonym of love, respect, and obedience. "Hemaka," the name, title,
security of the Brāhmaṇa, title, word, phrase.

"Before the teachings of Gotama": Before the teachings of Gotama, on the other
side of the teachings of Gotama, prior to the teachings of Gotama; the Buddha's
precepts, the precepts of the victors, the precepts of the Tathāgata, the first
precepts of the Arahants.

"Like this and that was, like this and that will be": Legend that it was like
this, and that it will be like this.

"It's all rumors": It's all rumors, hearsay, inheritance, the teachings of the
scriptures, logical inferences, reasoning, thoughts about theories, opinions
accepted after contemplation, and they tell that they are not personally proven
by themselves, not the self-proven method.

"That is all an increase in theory": It is all an increase in theory, an
increase in seeking, ...thinking, ...desire, malicious seeking, persecution, the
thinking about land, the thinking about death, the thinking related to sympathy
with others, the thinking related to the benefit of respect and reputation, the
thinking related to not being scorned.

"I didn't have great joy there": I didn't have great joy there, didn't receive
it, didn't prove it, didn't obtain it.

> 54 &middot; Please tell me the Dhamma of the destruction of craving; Muni!  
Anyone who knows which and has mindfulness  
Can live through the love in the world.

"Please tell me": "You," the Blessed One. "Tell the Dhamma," the beginning is
good, the middle is good, the end is good; the meaning is correct, the phrase is
correct; only complete, pure Brahma: four mindfulnesses, four righteousnesses,
four divine bases, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment factors, eight
holy paths, Nibbāna and the path leading to Nibbāna; please declare, please
explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please
parse, please clarify.

"The destruction of thirst, Muni": "Thirst," ...(omitted, see previous
sections). "Muni," ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Anyone who knows the mindfulness after knowing": ...(omitted, see previous
sections).

"Able to live through love in the world": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

> 55 &middot; (The Blessed One:) Here in what you see, hear, feel, and know,  
In terms of desire, Hemaka!  
The driving away from desire and greed  
Is the immortal state of Nibbāna.

"Here in what you see, what you hear, what you feel, what you know": "What you
see" is seen by the eyes. "What you hear" is heard by your ears. "What you feel"
is smelled by your nose, tasted by your tongue, and physical contact.
"Knowledge," known by consciousness.

"In terms of desire, Hemaka": What is the lovely and desirable in the world?
Eyes are lovely and desirable in the world, ears are...(omitted), nose is...,
tongue is..., the body..., meaning..., form, sound, smell, taste, touch, the
dhammas, eye-consciousness ear-sense..., nose-consciousness,
tongue-consciousness, body-consciousness, mind-consciousness, eye touch, ear
touch, nose touch, tongue tough, body touch, mind touch, eye touch is lovely and
desirable in the world; ear touch is born and felt..., nose touch..., tongue
touch, body touch, mind being born and felt is lovely and desirable in the
world; desire is in the world..., sound is in the world..., smell..., taste,
thoughts of touch, thoughts of the dhamma, thoughts of form, ...of sound, ...of
smell, taste...; craving for form..., craving for sound..., ...smell, taste,
touch, Dhamma; search for form..., ...sound..., taste, touch, Dhamma; form is..,
sound is..., smell, taste, touch, Dhamma is lovely and agreeable in the world.

"Expulsion of desire and greed": "Desire, greed," that is the desire of desire,
the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the thirst of desire, the love of
desire, the enthusiasm of desire, and the obsession of desire, desire's taking,
desire's torrent, desire's harness (binding), desire's clinging, desire's cover.
"The driving away from desire and greed": The cessation of desire and greed; the
calming down of desire and greed; the stopping of desire and greed; non-living
and Nibbāna.

"The realm of Nibbāna, immortality": The realm of Nibbāna is the realm of
rescue, refuge, shelter, and no terror. "Immortality," always, firm, eternal,
and unchanging.

> 56 &middot; After knowing this, all those who are mindful,  
Those who see the Dhamma, are completely cooled.  
And they are always silent,  
Crossing the love in the world.

"After knowing this, all those who have mindfulness": "This," non-living,
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbāna. "After," after
knowing, after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating,
after clarifying. "All actions are impermanent," after knowing...; "all actions
are suffering,"...; "all dhammas are not-self,"...; "any collection of dhammas
is an extinction of dhammas,".... "Who..." is an Arahant who has exhausted all
his troubles. The "mindful person" is mindful in four ways: when practicing
mindfulness on the body, when practicing mindfulness on perception, when
watching the mind in the heart, when the practice is in line with the teachings,
it is mindful.

And again in four ways: the state of avoiding non-mind, the state of the Dhamma
that should be done to the mind, the state of the Dhamma that is obstructed by
the mind, the state of the mindfulness factor (phase) not being forgotten.

And again in four ways: the state of possessing mindfulness, the state of
abiding in mindfulness, the state of experiencing mindfulness, and the state of
mindfulness not lowering.

And again in four ways: with the state of being mindful as the object of
mindfulness, the quiet state as the object, the calm state as the object, the
state of silence; the recollection of the Buddha, the recollection of the
Dhamma, the recollection of the Saṅgha, the precepts, the alms, of the mind;
mindfulness of the in and out breath, of death, of the body, of silence; all
mindfulness, free-mindfulness..., the path without a fork, are called
mindfulness. Having been fully possessed, reaching fully, possessing, arriving,
with this thought, he is called mindful.

"A person who sees the Dhamma, a person who is completely cooled": "The one who
sees the Dhamma," the one who knows the Dhamma, the one who measures the Dhamma,
the judge of the Dhamma, the clearer of the Dhamma, the person who knows the
Dhamma. The seer of the Dhamma of "all actions are impermanent"..., of "all
actions are non-self"..., of "ignorance is the cause of action"..., "any
collection of dhammas is an extinction"...; a seer, a knower of Dhamma, a judge
of Dhamma, a clearer of Dhamma. "Completely cooled," making the state of cooled
greed, anger..., foolishness..., resent..., unscrupulousness...; the silent
state, the calmed state, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed
state, and the ceased state are silent, ceased, calmed, cooled, and stopped.

"And they are always silent": "Quiet," making the cooled and silenced state of
greed, ...aggression..., ignorance, ...anger, ...hate ...; the silent state, the
calmed state, the ceased state, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the
departed state, and the ceased state are silent, silent, calmed, cooled, and
stopped." "They" are Arahants, those who have exhausted their troubles.
"Always," always, all the time, eternally, constantly, continuously,
uninterrupted, successively, like the rise of water waves without intervals, the
continuous accompanying and touching, before noon, afternoon, first night,
midnight, and after night, in the dark moon, bright moon, rainy season, winter,
summer, in youth, middle age, and old age.

"Crossing through the world of love": Love is called thirst, which is greed,
lust, acquiescence, conformity, joy, desire, obsession, taking, contaminated,
disturbance, fraud, (reincarnation) root cause, (bitter) fertility, tailoring
(greed), net, river, bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companionship,
desire, intimate interaction, forest, jungle, love, expectation, relationship,
desire for form, desire for sounds, desire for smells, desire for tastes, desire
for touches, desire for acquisition, desire for wealth, desire for sons, desire
for life, the state of desire, hope, prayer, greedy appearance, possessing
greed, inquiring for profit, illegal greed, improper greed, hope, envy, desire
for desire, desire for nothingness, desire for form, formless thirst,
extinguished thirst, form thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst,
touch thirst, dhamma thirst, torrent, harness, binding, clinging, obstacles,
covering, defilements, potential trends of troubles, entanglement, vines,
stinginess, suffering roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering,
magical nets, magical hooks, magical food, the realm of the devil, the residence
of the devil, the state of the devil, the bondage of the devil, the river of
thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst, craving,
greed, and the root of unwholesomeness. "Love": What is the meaning of love...
(omitted). "In the world": The world of suffering.... "Overcoming the love in
the world": The love in the world, he has passed, has surpassed, has
transcended, has crossed, has overcome [Ni.1].

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
