### 9. Todeyya

> 57 &middot; [Venerable Todeyya like this:]  
For those who do not dwell in their desires,  
Whose thirsty love is not found,  
And whoever has passed through doubts,  
What does his relief look like?

"Those who do not dwell in their desires": Anyone who cannot abide by his
desires, does not dwell, does not live, does not stay.

"[Like this Venerable Todeyya]": "Like this," the continuation of sentences; the
connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words;
the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this."
"Venerable," this is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience. This is
"Venerable." "Todeyya," the name, title, security, common name, appellation.

"For him, thirst is not discovered": For him, thirst is no more, does not exist,
is not known, is not found, has been cut off, ceased, calmed down, stopped,
cannot arise, was burned by the fire of wisdom.

"Those who have passed all doubts": Those who have passed, surpassed, crossed,
transcended, and overcome.

"What is his relief like?": "What is his liberation like, what type of
establishment, and what type of contrast should be desired?" He asked about
liberation.

> 58 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Todeyya!"]  
For those who do not dwell in their desires,  
Whose thirsty love is not found,  
And for those who have passed through doubts,  
There is no further relief for him.

"Anyone whose desires have been overcome by him": people, Arahants, and those
who have exhausted their troubles. "Desire," there are two types of desires: the
desire for things and the desire for pollution. What are the desires for things?
Desirable sight, sound, smell, taste, touch; bedding, clothing, maidservants,
goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows, horses, mules, horses,
fields, houses, gold, gold coins, villages and towns, capitals, countries,
territories, treasuries, warehouses; everything that can be tainted by greed is
the desire for things.

In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal
desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires,
medium desires, superior desires; desires in the suffering world, human desires,
heavenly desires, existing desire, created desire, uncreated desire, created
desire by others, possessed desire, unpossessed desire, cherished desire,
non-cherished desires; the desires of all the worlds of desire, the desires of
all the worlds of physicality, all the desires of the world of non-material
worlds, dependence on thirst and desire for love, desiring righteousness, greed
for righteousness, the desire to be intoxicated by righteousness and happiness,
is called the desire for things.

What is the desire for defilement? The desire for desire, the desire for greed,
the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire for lust, the
desire for intention, the joy of desire, love obsession, the binding harness of
desire, attachment, the desire for cover.

"Seeing those roots of desire,  
Wanting to be produced by thought (intention),  
I will not think of them,  
So desire will not exist."  
[Jat.8.421]

These are called polluting desires. Craving thirst, attachment, it is greed,
lust... (omitted) unwholesome roots. "Should not dwell in desire": In the desire
to pollute, one should not be greedy, or obstructed in the desire of things,
should be separated from greed, and those who have excluded greed, have been
freed from greed, have renounced greed, have no greed, have eliminated greed,
those who have attained the cessation of greed, have no hunger and thirst, those
who have extinguished, have become cool, and feel joy, should live as a
Brāhmaṇa.

"[The Blessed One: 'Todeyya!']": "Todeyya," the Blessed One calls the Brāhmaṇa
by his surname. "The Blessed One" is synonymous with respect. In addition, the
"greed breaker" is the Blessed One; the "sickness destroyer" is the Blessed One;
"the one who has destroyed conceit" is the Blessed One; "the one who has
destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the
pollutants" is Blessed One; "the one who has ended" is the Blessed One; "the one
who has practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the
Blessed One; or "the Blessed One is close to the woods, wild forests, and border
dwellings (sitting place), where speaking is lessened, it is quiet, away from
the human atmosphere, alone, and suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One;
or "the Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of
patients, and medical necessities"; or "the Blessed One is the one who has the
taste of righteousness, the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the
increased precepts, the mind, and the wisdom"; or "the Blessed One is the four
types of jhāna, the four immeasurables, the four formlessness, etc., the one who
divides is the Blessed One"; or the Blessed One is the one who has the eighth
liberation, the eight victories, the ninth dwelling place, etc.; or the Blessed
One is the practice of ten thoughts, (ten) abidings, the one who (observes) the
in and out of breath; the one who is purely divided is the Blessed One; or the
Blessed One divides the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four
divine bases (iddhipāda), the five faculties, the five powers, the seven
enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path; or the Blessed
One is ten Tathāgata, four fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six
supernatural powers and the six enlightenment methods. "Blessed One," this name
is not given by the mother; not given by the father; not given by brothers; not
given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by
Samaṇas or Brāhmaṇas; not given by heaven; it is ultimate liberation; the
establishment (of the pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the
Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom,
that is, the Blessed One.

"For him, thirst is not found": "thirst," for form, sound, smell, taste, touch,
Dhamma. "For him," for the Arahant, for the one who has exhausted his troubles.
"For him, thirst is not discovered": For him, thirst does not exist, is not
known, is not found, has been cut off, ceased, calmed down, stopped, cannot
arise, has been burned by the fire of wisdom.

"And whoever has passed the doubts": Doubts are called suspicions: Doubts are
called doubts: doubt of suffering, doubt of the path leading to suffering, doubt
of the future, doubt of the past, doubt of the future and the past, doubt of
causal connections, such doubts, suspicions, doubtful states, confusion,
hesitation, crossroads, inconsistent grasping, hesitating, incomplete
understanding, stiff state, confusion of mind. "Who..." means anyone who is an
Arahant and has exhausted his troubles. "The doubts have been passed": passed,
surpassed, transcended, crossed, overcome.

"There is no further relief for him": There is no further liberation for him.
Anyone who should be liberated is liberated, and for him what should be
liberated has been done.

> 59 &middot; (Todeyya:) Is he one who is away from desire  
Or who one who desires?  
Is he a wise person,  
Or one who is as a wise person (with a wise manner)?  
Sakyamuni! So that I can know a Muni, all-seeing one,  
Please explain that for me.

"The one who is away from desire or the one who desires": Is he a person who has
no desire or a person who thirsts? The forms, does he desire, the sounds..., the
smells, the tastes, the touches, the dhammas, a home, group (congregation),
dwelling, profit, fame, praise, happiness, clothing, food... (omitted), past,
future, present, what is seen, heard, felt, and known, the dhamma, does he want,
accept, hope, and pray.

"Is he a wise person or of wise manner": "Is he a wise person," is he a wise
person, an enlightened person, and a distinguished person. Or using the
eight-level wisdom, or using the five gods to provide wisdom, or using the evil
wisdom, the construction of eagerness, or the construction of seeing. He builds,
produces, and arises.

"Sakyamuni! According to which, I can know a Muni": "Sakyamuni," "Sakyamuni,"
Sakyamuni is a bhikkhu from the house of Sakya. This is Sakyamuni. Or, "the
rich, the wealthy," this is also Sakyamuni. For him there are these wealth,
namely: trusting wealth, abstaining from wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing
about wealth, giving wealth, wisdom wealth, mindfulness of wealth, righteous
wealth, divine wealth, root wealth, strength wealth, enlightenment wealth, Path
wealth, Fruit wealth, Nibbāna wealth, and use these various treasures as the
rich, the wealthy. Or, those who are possible, those who are able, those who
flow out all types of things, those who are sufficient, those who are heroes,
those who are brave, those who are heroic, those who are not timid, those who
are not frightened, those who do not run away, those who have given up fear of
fear, those who have given up terror and fear. Doubts are called doubts: ....
"Sakyamuni! So that I can know a Muni according to this": Sakyamuni! According
to which I can know, know for sure, and penetrate "Muni".

"All-eyes, please explain that to me": "That," whatever I ask; whatever I beg;
whatever I inquire about, whatever makes me clear. "Please explain," please
explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please
analyze, please clarify. "All eyes," all eyes are called the state of
all-knowing wisdom. Therefore, the Blessed One reaches (has), enters, enters
completely, has sufficiently, the state of wisdom.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world),  
There is no knowledge that cannot be known,  
He proves that everything that exists should be guided by inference,  
Because the Tathāgata, like that, is all-eyes."  
[Ps.1]

> 60 &middot; (The Blessed One:) He is the one who is away from desire,  
Not the one who desires,  
He is the one who has the wisdom,  
Not (just) the one who is of a wise manner,  
Todeyya! Know the Muni like this;  
One who owns nothing,  
No obsession with desire and existence.

"He is the one who is away from the desire, not the one who desires": He is not
the one who desires, he does not desire for all the forms, all the sounds...,
...all things knowable. He doesn't hope, accept, desire, or pray.

"He is a wise man, not of a wise manner": "He is a wise man," he is a wise man,
an enlightened man, a wise man, and a distinguished man. "Not of a wise manner,"
with eight levels of wisdom, or with the five gods for wisdom, or with evil
wisdom, the thirsty construction he does not build, or sees the construction he
does not build, produce, or arise, does not make it to be born.

"Todeyya! This is how you know Muni": "Muni," Muni is called wisdom,
understanding, simple selection, investigation, discernment, recognition,
discrimination, close observation, inspection, learned virtuous wisdom,
proficiency, cleverness, study, reflection, review, contemplation, examination,
general comprehensive wisdom, vipassanā, right knowledge, stabbing rod, wisdom
root, wisdom sword, wisdom palace, wisdom brightness, wisdom light, no delusion,
choice of dhamma, right view. The Blessed One has the wisdom of Muni, reaching
Muni. There are three Muni (perfect virtues): body Muni, language Muni,
intention Muni.

What is the body of Muni? The three types of body and evil deeds are cut off as
the Muni position; the three types of good behaviors are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the body is the Muni position; the knowledge of the body is the Muni
position; walking the Path with (higher) knowledge is the body of Muni; the
abandonment of desire and greed, cut off, as the Muni; the fourth jhāna
extinction of the body is the position of Muni.

What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four types of evil deeds of
language is the position of Muni; the four types of good acts of language are
the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni;
the knowledge of language is the position of Muni; and knowing the path of all
acts is the position of Muni; the abandonment of desire and greed of language is
the position of Muni; the second jhāna cessation of language is the position of
language Muni.

What is intention Muni? The three types of deeds of intention and evil deeds are
the Muni position; the three types of good deeds are the Muni position; the
wisdom in the mind-object is the Muni position; the knowledge of the heart is
the Muni position; the one that walks the Path with knowledge is the position of
Muni; the desire and greed of the heart being judged is the position of Muni;
the desire to perish the mind is the position of Muni.

"Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say he is the one who cuts everything.  
Body Muni, Language Muni, and Intention Muni are no troubles,  
Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil."

The six types of Muni have these three modes of Muni: Muni at home, Muni without
a home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Bhikkhu Muni, Muni (of the)
Muni. Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footsteps and have
learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those bhikkhus
who have seen the footsteps and who have learned the precepts are homeless Muni.
There are seven types of learning for learning Muni, Arahant for non-learning
Muni, and Bhikkhu Buddha as Bhikkhu Muni. Muni (of) Muni is called Tathāgata,
Arahant, and Enlightened One.

"Non-wise is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,  
After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.  
Avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,  
Everyone who understands the (inner and outer sum) in the world,  
Because that is said to be Muni.  
Who knows all the inside and outside of the world,  
The unwholesome and the good behind the Dhamma,  
Everyone who is supported (respected) by heaven and man,  
Beyond staining and the net, he is Muni."

"Todeyya! Know Muni in this way": Todeyya! Know, agree, understand, and pass
through "Muni" in this way.

"No owning, no obsession with desire and existence": "No owning," no greed, no
hatred, no ignorance, no sloth, no sight, no pollution, no possession of evil
deeds. For him who has been cut off, ceased, calmed down, stopped, cannot arise,
and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called non-owning. "Desire," there are
two types of desires: the desire for things and the desire for pollution. What
are the desires for things? Desirable form, desirable sound, desirable smell,
desirable taste, desirable touch, bedding, clothing, maidservants, goats and
sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows, horses, mules, fields, houses, gold,
gold coins, villages and towns, capitals, countries, territories, treasuries,
warehouses; everything that can be tainted by greed is the desire of things.

In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal
desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires,
medium desires, superior desires, desires in the suffering world, human desires,
desire of heaven, the desire that has been present, the desire that has been
created, the desire that has not been created, the desire that has been created
by others, the desire that has been possessed, the desire that is not possessed,
the desire to be cherished, the desire not to be cherished, all the desires of
the world of desires, all the desires of the physical world, all the desires of
the non-material world, relying on thirst, taking craving as the subject, so
that people want righteousness; so that they will be infected by craving (for)
righteousness; to be intoxicated by righteousness as desires, these are called
the desires of things.

What is the desire for pollution? The desire of desire, the desire of greed, the
desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire of the intention
of greed, that is the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire,
desire love, desire enthusiasm, desire fascination, desire seizure, desire
torrent, desire harness (binding), desire attachment, desire cover.

"Seeing those roots of desire,  
Wanting to be produced by thought (intention),  
I will not think of them,  
So desire will not exist."  
[Jat.8.421]

These are called the desire for pollution. "Existence," there are two types:
kamma and rebirth. What is kamma? Blessed deeds, non-blessed deeds, and
immovable deeds are kamma. What is rebirth? The forms, feelings, thoughts,
behaviors and consciousness of this person are reborn.

"No owning, and there is no obsession in desire or existence": A person who has
no possessions is unattached, unhindranced, unobstructed, detached, already
freed, liberated, freed from bondage, he dwells with an unrestrained heart.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
