### 9. Todeyya

57. [Venerable Todeyya like this:] For those who do not dwell in their desires,
    whose thirsty love is not found,
And whoever has passed through doubts, what does his relief look like?

"Anyone whose desires are not alive to him": Anyone who cannot abide by his
desires, does not dwell, does not live, does not stay.

"[Like this Venerable Todeyya]": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"For him, thirst is not discovered": For him, thirst is no more, does not
exist, is not known, is not found, has been cut off, ceased, calmed down,
stopped, cannot arise, was burned by the fire of wisdom.

"Those who have passed all doubts": Those who have passed, surpassed, crossed,
transcended, and overcome.

"What is his relief like?": "What is his liberation like, what kind of
establishment, and what kind of contrast should be desired?" He asked about
liberation.

58. [Blessed One: "Todeyya!"] For those who do not dwell in their desires, whose
    thirsty love is not found,
And for those who have passed through doubts, there is no further relief for
    him.

"Anyone whose desires have been overcome by him": people, Arahants,, and those
who have exhausted their troubles. "Desire," there are two kinds of desires: the
desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) "Whoever has no desire
for him": ....

"[Blessed One: 'Todeyya!']": ....

"For him, thirst is not found": "thirst," for form, sound, smell, taste, touch,
Dhamma. "For him," for the Arahant, for the one who has exhausted his troubles.
"For him, thirst is not discovered": For him, thirst does not exist, is not
known, is not found, has been cut off, ceased, calmed down, stopped, cannot
arise, has been burned by the fire of wisdom.

"And whoever has passed the doubts": Doubts are called doubts: doubts over
suffering... (omitted). "Who..." means anyone who is an Arahant and has
exhausted his troubles. "The doubts have been passed": passed, surpassed,
transcended, crossed, overcome.

"There is no further relief for him": There is no further liberation for him.
Anyone who should be liberated is liberated, and for him what should be
liberated has been done.

59. (Todeyya:) Is he one who is away from desire who one who desires?  Is he a
    wise person, or one who is as a wise person (with a wise manner)?
Sakyamuni! So that I can know a Muni, all-seeing one, please explain that for
    me.

"The one who is away from desire or the one who desires": Is he a person who
has no desire or a person who thirsts? The forms does he desire, the sounds...
the smells... the tastes... the touches ... the dhammas, a home, group
(congregation), dwelling, profit, fame, praise, happiness, clothing, food...
(omitted), past, future, present, seen heard, felt, and knows the dhamma he
wants, accepts, hopes, and prays.

"Is he a wise person or of wise manner": "He is a wise person," he is a wise
person, an enlightened person, and a distinguished person. Or use the
eight-level wisdom, or use the five gods to provide wisdom, or use the evil
wisdom, the construction of eagerness, or the construction of seeing. He builds,
produces, and arises.

"Sakyamuni! According to which, I can know a Muni": "Sakyamuni," ...(omitted,
see previous sections). "Sakyamuni! So that I can know a Muni according to
this": Sakyamuni! I can know, know for sure, and penetrate "Muni" according to
which.

"All-eyes, please explain that to me": "That," whatever I ask; whatever I beg;
whatever I inquire about, whatever makes me clear. "Please explain," please
explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please
analyze, please clarify. "All eyes," all eyes are called the state of all
knowing wisdom... (omitted).

60. (The Blessed One:) He is the one who is away from desire, not the one who
    desires, he is the one who has the, not (just) the one who is of a wise
    manner,
Todeyya! Know the Muni like this; one who owns nothing, no obsession with desire
    and existence.

"He is the one who is away from the desire, not the one who desires": He is not
the one who desires, he does not desire for all the forms, all the sounds....
...all things knowable. He doesn't hope, accept, desire, or pray.

"He is a wise man, not a wise man": "He is a wise man," he is a wise man, an
enlightened man, a wise man, and a distinguished man. "Not a wise man," with
eight levels of wisdom, or with the five gods for wisdom, or with evil wisdom,
the thirsty construction he does not build, or sees the construction he does not
build, produce, or arise, does not make it to be born.

"Todeyya! This is how you know Muni": "Muni," ...(omitted). is Muni after
transcending the net. "Todeyya! Know Muni in this way": Todeyya! Know, agree,
know, and pass through Muni in this way.

"No owner, no obsession with desire and existence": "No owner," no greed, no
hatred, no ignorance, no sloth, no sight, no pollution, no possession of evil
deeds. For him who has been cut off, ceased, calmed down, stopped, cannot arise,
and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called no owner. "Desire," there are two
kinds of desires: ...(omitted). "Yes," there are two types: kamma and rebirth...
(omitted) This is rebirth.

"No owner, there is no obsession in desire for existence": A person who has no
possessions is unattached, unhindranced, unobstructed, detached, already freed,
liberated, freed from bondage, he dwells away from the restricted heart.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
