### 10. Kappa

61. [Venerable Kappa like this:]  
For those who stand in the flow,  
When the great terror of the flood has arisen,  
For those tortured by aging and death,  
Please tell me about an island, dear sir!  
Please tell me about the island,  
So that there will be no more, subsequently.

"Those standing in the flow": The flow is called reincarnation: coming, going,
coming and going, the interest of death, all kinds of death, rebirth, birth,
disintegration, birth, aging, death. The beginning of reincarnation is not known
[SN.15.1], and the end is not known. Just in the middle of samsara, sentient
beings are abiding, stopped, stuck, entered, stained, and turned toward.

How is the starting point of reincarnation unknown? "Only this kind of birth
cycle revolves, and then does not revolve." This is not the case, so the
starting point of reincarnation is not known. "Only such a hundred births
revolved around, but not afterwards." ...(omitted). "Only such a thousand births
revolved around...." Only these hundreds of thousands of births...." "Only these
tens of thousands of births...." "Only such tens of millions of birth...." This
is indeed not the case, so the starting point of reincarnation is not known.
"Thousands of births like this revolved around, but didn't revolve
afterwards..." "Only such tens of thousands of births revolve around, but not
afterwards." This is indeed also not the case, so the starting point of
reincarnation is not known.

"Only this one year, it turns around, and then it doesn't turn around." This is
indeed also not the case, so the starting point of reincarnation is not known.
"Only this one-hundred-year cycle.... Only this millennium cycle started....
Only this one hundred thousand years.... Only These tens of thousands of
years.... Only such a cycle of tens of millions of years.... Only such a cycle
of thousands of years.... Only these tens of thousands of years have turned
around, and then they won't." This is indeed also not the case, hence the
starting point of reincarnation is not known.

"Only this kind of catastrophe revolved around, but not afterwards." This is
indeed not the case, this is also "the starting point of reincarnation is not
known". "Only this kind of Hundred Tribulations.... Only such a thousand
tribulations.... Only the cycle of Hundred and Thousand Tribulations.... Only
this kind of tens of thousands of calamities.... Only the tens of millions of
calamities.... Only the tens of thousands of tribulations have revolved around,
and then they won't." This is indeed also not the case, hence the starting point
of reincarnation is not known.

This was said by the Blessed One: "Bhikkhus! Samsara has no beginning. The
starting point of the circulation and reincarnation of the sentient beings
covered by ignorance and craving is unknown. ...Bhikkhus! (You) have experienced
hardship for so long, experienced heaviness, experienced misfortune, and
increased cemeteries, bhikkhus! At this point, it is enough to get discontented
with everything! Enough to leave the tie! Enough for relief!" [SN.15.1] This
also on the starting point of reincarnation.

How is the end of reincarnation unknown? "Only this birth cycle will rotate, and
thereafter it will not rotate." This is indeed not the case, this is "the end of
reincarnation is not known." "Only such a hundred births... Only such a thousand
births... Only such a hundred thousand births... Only such a million births...
Only such a thousand births... Only such tens of thousands of births... Only
such a year... Only such a hundred years... Only such a millennium wheel... Only
such a hundred thousand years... Only such a thousand years... Only these
hundreds of thousands of years... Only such thousands of years... Only such
hundreds of thousands of thousands of years... Only such a catastrophe... Only
such a hundred calamities... Only such a thousand calamities... Only such a
hundred thousands of tribulations... Only such tens of thousands of tribulations
will revolve, and will not revolve afterwards." This is indeed not the case,
this is also "the end of reincarnation is not known." In this way, the starting
point of samsara is not known, and the end of samsara is not known. Just in the
middle of samsara, sentient beings are abiding, stopped, stuck, entered,
stained, and turned their hearts toward them.

"When the great terror of the flood is arising": When the exposure of desire,
the exposure of some, the exposure of seeing, and the exposure of ignorance are
arising, being produced, being born, being generated, and being presented. The
great horror, the horror in life, the horror in age, the horror in sickness,
and the horror in death.

"Those who are tortured by aging and death": Those who are contacted, tortured,
combined, and possessed by aging; for those who are contacted, tortured,
combined, and possessed by death; for those who are born, followed by age,
conquered by disease, struck by death, those who have no shelter, those who have
no refuge.

"Dear Sir! Please tell me about the island": Please tell ...(omitted)... the
island, shelter, refuge, place of refuge. "Dear sir," ....

"Tell me about the island": "You," he said Blessed One. "Proclaim about the
island," please declare, please explain, ...(omitted)... the island, the place
to go, the refuge, the shelter.

"According to this, there will be no more subsequent": According to this,
suffering can be eliminated here, can be calmed down, can go to non-existence,
can stop; the suffering of rebirth does not occur; in the world of desire, or in
the physical realm, or in the non-material realm, or in the desire to be, or in
the physical being, or in the amorous being, or in the thought to be, or in the
non-imaginary, or in the four aggregates, or in the five aggregates, or in the
further interest, or in the rebirth, or in the incarnation, or in the existence,
or in the reincarnation, or in the rotation; not make it arise, not make it
born, it is here that it can be destroyed, can be calmed down, can go to
non-existence, can stop.

62. [The Blessed One: "Kappa!"]  
For those standing in the flow,  
When the great terror of the flood arises,  
For those tortured by aging and death, Kappa!  
I will tell you about the island.

"Those standing in the flow": ....

How is the starting point of reincarnation unknown? .....

"[The Blessed One: 'Kappa!']": ....

"When the great horror exposure is arising": ....

"To those tortured by aging and death": ....

"Kappa! I tell you about the island": I say, I explain, ..., the island,
shelter, refuge, place to go.

63. No possession, no clinging:  
This is an island with nothing further,  
Like this, I say that it is Nibbāna:  
The end of birth and aging.

"No possession, no clinging": "Anything," greed is a thing, hatred...,
ignorance..., sloth seeing, pollution, evil is a thing. The renunciation of
anything, the cessation of anything, the disconnection of anything, immortality,
Nibbāna. "No clinging," clinging is called craving, that is greed .... The
renunciation of clinging, the cessation of clinging, the disconnection of
clinging, immortality, Nibbāna.

"This is an island without further progress": This is an island, a refuge, a
shelter, a place to go, a place of refuge. "No further," there is no other
island on the other side. At that time, that island of this kind was the first,
the best, the most winning, the top.

"Like this, I say that it is Nibbāna": Weaving is called craving, it is greed,
....unwholesome roots. Weaving cut, weaving calmed, weaving stopped, weaving
ceased, immortality, and Nibbāna. "Like this," the continuation of sentences,
.... "I said," I say, ....

"Birth and aging is exhausted": Birth and aging are surrendered, calmed,
stopped, ceased, immortal, and Nibbāna.

64. After knowing this, all those who have mindfulness,  
Those who see the Dhamma, are completely cooled.  
They are not in the control of the Māra,  
They are not the follower of Māra.

"After knowing this, all those who have mindfulness": "This," immortality,
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the extinction of thirst, greed, extinction, and Nibbāna. "After".... "Who..."
.... "Those who have mindfulness" ....

"A person who sees the Dhamma, a person who is completely cooled": "The one who
sees the Dhamma," .... "Completely cooled," ....

"They are not under the control of Māra": "Māra," that is the relative of the
demon, the ruler of darkness, the one who has reached the limit, the demon, and
the friend of the careless (pamattabandhu). "They do not follow the control of
the devil": They do not go under the control of the devil, nor does the devil
make the control go on them. The devil, the devil's party, the devil's fishing
hook, the devil's food, the devil's realm, the residence of the demon, the state
of the demon, and the bond of the demon, they defeat, overwhelm, end, crush,
move, act, go on, guard, and survive.

"They are not the followers of Māra": They will not be the servant ands
attendants of the devil, but they will be the servants and attendants of the
Buddha, the Blessed One.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
