### 11. Jatukanṇị̄

65. [Like this Venerable Jatukanṇị̄:] After I heard about the heroes who have
    no desire for desire, I came to ask those who have passed the violent
    current, to ask the desireless ones,
One with the born Eye, please tell me the state of silence, Blessed One, I ask
    you to tell me as it is.

"I heard about a hero who has no desire for desire": Like this, the Blessed One,
the Arahant...  Buddha, after hearing it, after grasping, after understanding,
after distinguishing. "Hero," the Blessed One is a hero, "The energetic" is a
hero; "The able" is a hero; "The sufficient" is a hero; "The brave" is a hero;
"Heroic" is a hero; "Those who are not afraid" are heroes; those who have no
terror are heroes; those who do not run away are heroes; those who have given up
on fear of terror are heroes.

"Here having gone from all evil abstainers to a state of vitality after
the suffering of hell,
He is an energetic person and a hardworking person. People like this can be
called a hero."
[Sn.3.6]

"After I heard about the heroes who have no desire for desire": Desire two
kinds of desires: ...(omitted, see previous sections). For the Buddha and the
Blessed One, the desire for things has been known, the desire for pollution has
been renounced, in the state of knowing of the desire for things, and the desire
for pollution has been renounced(, the Blessed One does not desire in desire;
does not pray in desire; does not want in desire; does not ask in desire.
Whoever desires in desire; prays in desire; hopes in desire; asks in desire,
they are those who have desires for desires, those who have greed for greed, and
those who have thoughts about desires. The Blessed One does not desire desires;
does not want desires; does not hope for desires; does not ask desires.
Therefore, the Buddha,  those who have no desire, those who have renounced their
desires, those who have abandoned their desires, those who have eliminated their
desires, those who have liberated their desires, those who have forsaken their
desires, those who have cut off their desires, those who have renounced greed,
those who have no greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have
eliminated greed, those who have been liberated from greed, those who have cut
off greed, those who have forsaken greed, those who are not hungry, those who
have extinguished, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, and those
who live as Brahman.

"[Like this Venerable Jatukanṇị̄]": ....

"Come to ask the undesiring ones who have crossed the torrent (storm)": "The
ones who have crossed the torrent," the ones who have passed the torrent, those
who have overcome the torrent. "To ask," to ask, to question, to inquire, to
make it clear. "Come to..., the one who has no desire," to ask the person who
has no desire, the person who has deserted, and the person who has given up
desire, those who have been excluded, those who have renounced their desires,
...(omitted), those who have renounced greed, ...(omitted), we have come, we
have arrived, we have fully arrived, we have been united with you.

"The one born with the Eye, please speak about the state of silence": "Silence"
takes a form as silence and a state of silence, that is immortality, Nibbāna,
that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the
extinction of craving, greed, extinction, Nibbāna. This is said by the Blessed
One: "This is the state of silence, this is the state of victory, namely: the
cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of
thirst, freedom from greed, extinction, Nibbāna" [SN.48.50]. With another
aspect: where all dhammas lead to the realization of silence, the touch of
silence, and the testimony of silence, just like these four mindfulnesses and
four righteousnesses, the four bases, the five faculties, the five powers, the
seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path. These are
called the state of silence. Please speak, please explain, ...(omitted) the
state of silence, the state of refuge, the state of shelter the state of no
fear, the state of no death, the state of immortality, the state of Nibbāna. The
eye is called the state of all knowing wisdom. For the Buddha and the Blessed
One, the eye and the state of the victor arise at the same time (not in
sequence) under the Bodhi tree, so the Buddha is the co-born eye.

"Blessed One, please tell me the truth": The truth is called immortality,
Nibbāna.... "Blessed One," .... "Please tell me," ....

66. Because the Blessed One acts after victory over desire, like the shining sun
    shines on the earth,
The one who is broadly wise, for me who is less wise, please explain the Dhamma,
    that I can know where there is the separation of birth and aging.

"Because the Blessed One acts after the victory over desire": "Blessed One,"
.... "Desire," .... After the Blessed One has known the desires of things, after
giving up on the desires for pollution, he defeated, ceased, overwhelmed, ended,
crushed, walking, staying, acting, going on, guarding, surviving.

"The shining sun shines on the earth": The sun (ādicco) is called the sun
(sūriyo). The earth (pathavī) is called the earth (jagatī). The shining sun has
brilliance, wins, defeats, overwhelms, ending, heating the earth, breaking
through all the darkness in the sky, destroying the darkness, after the light is
seen, walking in the sky, in the air, and on the road in the void; similarly,
the shining Blessed Wisdom has the brilliance of wisdom, (destroying) all works,
...the darkness of pollution, destroys the darkness of ignorance, after seeing
the light of wisdom, after knowing the desire for things, after giving up on the
desire for pollution, he wins, defeats, overwhelms, ends, crushes, walks, stays,
acts, goes on, guards, and survives.

"The one who is broadly wise for the one who is less wise": I am the one who is
less wise, the lower, and inferior in wisdom; you are the wiser, the higher, the
quicker, and the insight. As the earth is called wide, the Blessed One has the
same vast and expanding wisdom as that earth.

"Please explain the Dhamma that I can know": "Dhamma," .... Please explain,
please teach.... "I can know," I can know, know with certainty, penetrate,
prove, reach, and testify.

"Where is the renunciation of birth and senescence": The renunciation of birth,
aging, and death, cessation, severance, stopping, immortality, and Nibbāna.

67. [Blessed One: "Jatukanṇị̄"] Please temper your craving of desire, and treat
    detachment from desire as stability,
Taking up or rejecting anything, don't let these be found (in you).

"Please temper the craving of desire": "Desire," .... "Craving," .... "Please
temper craving of desire": Please adjust the greed of desire, please expel,
please leave, please drive away, please make to end, please make it go to
non-existence.

"Jatukanṇị̄": ....

"After, see detachment desire as stability": "(Leaving) Desire," the correct
way, the following way, the non-reverse way, the way of non-contradiction, the
way of way and the Dhamma,  it means follow the path of the Dhamma, complete the
precepts, guard the roots, know the right amount of food, specialize in
sobriety, mindfulness, with right knowledge, four mindfulnesses, four right
diligences, four divine bases, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment
factors, eight holy paths, Nibbāna and the path leading to Nibbāna, they are
stability, shelter, fearless, deathless, immortal, Nibbāna; after seeing,
weighing, judging, separating, and clearing.

"Pick up or reject": "Picked up," held on, clung to, clinging, taken, believed
to be due to craving, seeing; "Or rejected," or rejected what should be
detached, what should be abandoned, what should be driven away, what should be
terminated, what should be brought to non-existence.

"To not discover (find) anything": "Anything," greed is a thing; hatred is a
thing; ignorance ...(omitted); any of these things (Cambodia version), don't be
discovered, don't be forced to be discovered, don't be completely discovered,
don't be discovered, please abandon, please drive away, please make the end,
please make it go to non-existence.

68. Anything before, please let it wither; please don't have anything
    afterwards,
If you will not hold it in the middle, you will live a silent life.

"Anything before, please make it wither": As for the pollution that can cause
pollution in the past, please make it dry, please make it wither, please make it
dry up, do not make seeds, please let it go, please drive away, please end it,
please make it go to non-existence. In this way, what was before, please let it
wither. Or, Any past kamma creations that have not matured and repaid, please
let them wither, ask you to wither, ...make it to go to non-existence.

"Please don't have any afterwards": Afterwards is called future. Regarding the
actions of the future, what can arise, any greed, any aversion, any delusion,
any sloth, any perception, any pollution, any evil deeds, any of these for you
should not have, don't make, don't produce, don't generate, don't cause to
arise, please give up, please drive away, please make to end, please make it to
come to non-existence.

"If you can't hold the one in the middle": The one in the middle is called the
present form, feeling, thought, action, and consciousness. Regarding the present
actions, you will not hold it because of craving and seeing, thirst, grasping,
clinging, rejoicing, welcoming holding you will give up, drive away, end, and
make it go to non-existence.

"You will live a silent life": The silent state of greed means that you will
live a silent life, an agitated... (omitted) all unwholesome contrived silent
states, calmed states, dead state, the extinguished state, the no longer burning
state, the cooled state, the gone state, the ceased state is silent, quiet,
extinguished, cooled, stopped; you live act, go on, guard, and survive.

69. For those who are free from greed in all names and forms, Brahmin,
For this one troubles are not found with which he would reach the control of
    death.

"In all names and forms, Brahman! For those who are free from greed":
"Everything," .... "Name," the four formless aggregates. "Form," the four great
elements and any form derived from the four great elements. Craving is called
craving, it is greed, .... "In all names and forms, Brahman! For those who have
no greed": "In all names and forms, to those who renounce greed, those who have
no greed, those who abandon greed, those who exclude greed, those who are
liberated from greed, and those who forsake greed, dismiss the  greedy person,
abandon the greedy person, cut off the greedy person, free the greedy person.

"For this one, troubles are not discovered": "Trouble," there are four kinds
of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, and
the troubles of ignorance. "For this one," the Arahant. Those who have
exhausted their troubles. "Undiscovered," these troubles are not, non-existent,
unknown, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise,
and burned by the fire of wisdom.

"With those who will reach the control of the king of death": With those troubles
that will go to the control of the Demon King, or the control that will go to
death, they will go to the control of the Demon Party, and those troubles are
not, non-existent, and not controlled by him, not known, not being discovered,
being cut off, being severed, being calmed down, being stopped, unable to arise,
being burned by the fire of wisdom.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
