### 13. Udaya

> 74 &middot; [Venerable Udaya like this:]  
To those are those who meditate, those who are free from dust,  
Those who are sitting down, those who have completed the duty,  
Those who are free from troubles,  
To those who have reached the other side in all dhammas,  
Those in need come with questions,  
Please tell me of the liberation of complete wisdom,  
The destruction of ignorance.

"Those who have meditation, those who are free from the dust, and those who sit
down": The Blessed One is a person who has meditation. He who has meditation in
the first jhāna is one who has meditation; ...second jhāna...; ...third
jhāna...; ...fourth jhāna...; ..reasoning and thinking [AN.8.63] meditation...;
...no-will meditation...; ...walking meditation with pleasure...; meditation in
emptiness; meditation in non-phase; meditation with unwillingness; in the world
of jhāna, he is also a meditator, a meditation-loving person, a practitioner of
a single state, and a person who values his own interests. "A person who is free
from dust," greed is dust, hatred ..., ignorance ..., anger ..., resentment...
(omitted); all unwholesome deeds are dust. For the Buddha and the Blessed One,
this dust has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm
tree without roots, becoming non-existent for the future. Among living things,
therefore, the Buddha is the one who has no dust, the one who is free from the
dust, the one who has thrown away the dust, the one who has abandoned the dust,
the one who has left the bonds of the dust (, the one who does not correspond to
the dust), and the one who has overcome all the dust.

Greed instead of dust is called grime, "dust" is synonymous with greed, the
person abandons dust in their eyes, so the winner is called the person who has
left the dust. Anger instead of dust is called grime.... Ignorance instead of
dust is called grime....

"Those who sit down," The Blessed One is sitting in the Rock Temple in Magadha.

"When Muni was sitting on the hillside,  
He who had reached the other side of suffering,  
The disciples served, with the three knowledges,  
Destroyers of death."  
[SN.8.10]

Or, in the state where all efforts have ceased, the Blessed One is the one who
sits, the one who has descended, and the one who has practiced... (omitted)
...without his regeneration.

"[Like this Venerable Udaya]": "Like this," the continuation of the sentences,
the connection of the words, the completion of the sentences, the combination of
words, this is the order of the sentence, which is "like this." "Venerable,"
this is a synonym of love, respect, and obedience. "Udaya," the name, title,
security of the Brāhmaṇa, title, word, phrase.

"The one who has completed the duty and the one who has no troubles": For the
Buddha and the Blessed One, all the obligations, what should be done and what
should not be done have been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like
a palm tree without roots, gone to non-existence, something that will not be
born in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has completed the duty.

"For those who have not diffused,  
For the bhikkhus who have cut off the stream,  
For those who have cut off what should be done and what should not be done,  
The scorching heat is not found."  
[Sn.3.11,720]

"Should be the doer, the one who has no troubles": There are four kinds of
troubles: the troubles of desire, the troubles of being, the troubles of seeing,
and the troubles of ignorance. Those troubles have been abandoned by the Buddha
and the Blessed One, the root has been cut off, .... Therefore, the Buddha is a
trouble-free person.

"Reached the shore in all dhammas": The Blessed One is the one who has reached
the other shore of the dhammas; knowing ...; abandoning ...; practice...;
testifying...; those on the other side: those who have reached the other side of
all dhammas; those who have reached the other side of all suffering knowledge;
...of all polluted renunciations; ...of the practice of the four holy paths;
...of the testimony of destruction; the one who waits until he has reached the
other shore, he is the free reacher (one who arrives) in the holy precepts, the
highest (pāramitā) reacher; the free reacher and the highest reacher in the holy
sanctuary; the free reacher in the holy wisdom, the highest, the one who has
reached the end; the one who is free and the highest in the sacred liberation,
the one who has reached the other side, the one who has reached the ultimate
(target); the one who has reached finality, the one who has reached the end; has
reached the border; ...reached rescue; reached shelter; reached the refuge; the
one without terror; the one who has reached no fear, the one without death; the
one who has reached undeath; the one who has reached Nibbāna; he is a person who
has descended into a state, a person who has practiced... (omitted).

"The needy come with questions": I come with questions as needed, I come if I
want to ask questions, and I come if I want to hear questions. Or, the inquirers
of the question have the need, the one who wants to ask the question, the one
who wants to hear, the needy come, approach, visit. Or, when I have a question,
you can and you have enough reason to answer the question I ask, "Please bear
this burden."

"Please tell us about the liberation of the complete wisdom": The liberation of
the complete wisdom is called the liberation of the Arahant state. Please tell
about the liberation of the Arahant state, please explain, please teach....

"The destruction of ignorance": The destruction of ignorance, breaking,
renunciation, cessation, stopping, non-living, Nibbāna.

> 75 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Udaya!"]  
Severing both the desire for desire and sorrow,  
And the elimination of drowsiness,  
The prevention of regret.

"Cut off the desire for desire": "Desire," which is the desire of desire, the
greed of desire, the joy..., the thirst..., love, craving, enthusiasm,
fascination, seizure, torrent, harness (binding), attachment, the cover of
desire. "The renunciation of the desire for desire": the renunciation, calmness,
cessation, stopping, non-living, and Nibbāna of the desire for desire.

"[The Blessed One: 'Udaya!']": ....

"Both with regard to sorrows": "Sorrows" are undesirable sufferings of the
heart, pains of the heart, undesirable sufferings of the heart contact, pains of
the heart contact. "Both with regards to sorrow": The desire and sorrow, the
cessation, calm, stopping, non-living, and Nibbāna.

"And the elimination of drowsiness": "Drowsiness" that is the state of
unbearable, unsuitable work, stained, withdrawn, dull, depressed, withdrawn,
drowsy, and ignorant. "Elimination," the exclusion, renunciation, cessation,
calming, stopping, non-living, and Nibbāna.

"Prevention of regret": "Regret," the inaction of the hands (evil uneasiness) is
regret, the inaction of the feet is also regret, the inaction of the hands and
feet is also regret, the inappropriate is considered as appropriate, appropriate
is thought to be inappropriate, the timely is thought to be untimely, the
innocent is thought to be sinful, the sinful is thought to be innocent, regret
is like this; the path to regret, the state of regret, the remorse of the heart,
the confusion of the mind, this is called regret. In addition, regret, heart
remorse, and confusion of mind arise from two factors: what is done and what is
not done. How do things that have been done and things that have not been done
cause regret, heart remorse, and confusion of mind? "I did the evil deeds of the
body, but the good deeds of the body were not done by me." He had regrets,
remorse in his heart, and confusion of mind; "I did the evil deeds of speech,
...(omitted)." "I did the evil deeds of action...." "I did the killing, and the
abstinence from killing was not done by me.".... "Taking what wasn't given...,
not giving...; adultery..., abstention from adultery....; lying..., divisive
speech..., vicious language..., slurs..., greed..., malice..., wrong views...."
He had regrets, heart remorse, and confusion of intentions. Regret, heart
remorse, and confusion arise with what has been done and has not been done.

Or, "I'm not a full-fledged person in renunciation," he has regrets, heart
remorse, and confusion of mind; "I am not a guardian of the roots,"... (omitted)
"I am not a person who knows how to eat (the proper amount),"... "I'm not a
sober person,"... "I don't have mindfulness and right knowledge,"... "four
mindfulness, four positive diligence, four divine bases, five faculties, five
powers, seven enlightenment elements, eight sacred paths have not been practiced
by me,"... "the suffering is not known by me, the collection is not judged by
me, the Path is not practiced by me, and the destruction is not witnessed by
me."

"Prevention of regret": Prevention of obstacles of regret, renunciation,
cessation, stopping, calming, non-living, Nibbāna.

> 76 &middot; Purified by calm and mindfulness,  
Preceded by thinking of the Dhamma,  
I say this is the liberation of complete wisdom,  
The destruction of ignorance.  
[AN.3.33]

"Satisfaction is completely pure in peace": "Peace," that is the calm,
unattached, onlooking, cessation of the mind, equality of the mind, the tranquil
state of the mind, the neutral state of the mind in the fourth jhāna.
"Mindfulness," that is the calm mindfulness, free mindfulness in the fourth
jhāna... (omitted). "Purification from calmness to mindfulness": The peace and
mindfulness in the fourth jhāna are pure, clean, completely pure, purified, free
from defilements, malleable, suitable for working, standing still, reaching
immobility.

"Thinking of Dhamma beforehand": Thinking of Dhamma is called good will. It is
the beginning, the first, and the forerunner for the liberation of complete
wisdom. Or, thinking of Dhamma is called right view, it is the beginning, the
first, and it is the forerunner of complete intellectual liberation. Or,
thinking of Dhamma is called vipassanā, the forerunner of the four realms, it is
the beginning, the first, and the forerunner of complete intellectual
liberation.

"I talk about the liberation of the complete wisdom": The liberation of the
complete wisdom is called the liberation of the Arahant. I speak, I explain...,
the Arahant's freedom.

"The destruction of ignorance": "Ignorance," ignorance in suffering....
"Destruction," the destruction of ignorance, abandonment, cessation, stopping,
calming, non-living, Nibbāna.

> 77 &middot; (Udaya:) What is the knot of the world?  
What is its roaming?  
What kind of abandonment, like this,  
Is called Nibbāna?  
[SN.1.64]

"What is the knot of the world": The knot, adhesion, binding, and defilement in
the world, what kind of harness, strong harness, full harness, complete harness,
attachment, fixation, obstacles.

"What is its roaming": What is its walking, wandering, and roaming back, with
what in the world.

"What kind of renunciation is called Nibbāna, like this": What kind of
renunciation, pacification, cessation, stopping; is called, said, told, talked,
explained, and said to be, like this, Nibbāna.

> 78 &middot; (The Blessed One:) Joy is the knot of the world,  
And reflection is its wandering,  
By the surrender of thirst,  
It is called Nibbāna like this.

"Joy is the knot of the world": Joy is called thirst, that is greed.... This is
called joy. All happiness is the knot, adhesion, bondage, and defilement of the
world, and is the harness, ...of the world.

"Reflection is its wandering": "Reflection," there are nine types of thinking:
about pleasure, maliciously, of harm, of relatives, of land, of immortality, of
sympathy with others, and of respect and reputation, and the thought related to
not being scorned are called the nine types of thinking. These nine types of
thinking are the wandering and roaming of the world.

"With the surrender of thirst, it is called Nibbāna like this": "Thirst for
love," the thirst for form... (omitted), the thirst for Dhamma. "With the
surrender of thirst, it is called Nibbāna like this": With the surrender of
thirst, calming, stopping, and cessation; it is called, said, told, talked,
explained to be said as Nibbāna.

> 79 &middot; (Udaya:) What about for the mindful walker,  
How is consciousness stopped?  
We ask the Blessed One,  
Let us hear your words.

"What about for the mindful walker": What is it for the mindful and righteous
one walking, dwelling, acting, going on, guarding, and surviving.

"Consciousness is stopped": Consciousness is extinguished, is calmed down, goes
to non-existence, ceases.

"We have come to ask the Blessed One": We have come have come, we have arrived,
we have fully arrived, we have joined you, we have to ask the Buddha, the
Blessed One, we have to question, ask, inquire, make it clear.

"Let us hear your words": "Your words," your words, ways, teachings,
explanations, admonitions. Let us hear, learn, remember, understand, and
discern.

> 80 &middot; (The Blessed One:) For those who are not happy in feeling  
Inside and outside of oneself,  
For the mindful walker,  
Consciousness is stopped.

"One who is not happy in feeling within and outside of oneself": The feeling
within oneself is subject to perception and the one who inhabits it is not
happy, unwelcome, does not hold, persevere, cling; he abandons, drives away,
makes to end, makes it to go to non-existence; the feeling outside of
oneself...; the feeling within and outside of the self...; the feeling in
oneself is an aggregation of dhammas, and the one who lives according to that
observation...; the feeling in oneself is the dhamma of dissipation, and the one
who lives according to that observation...; the feeling outside of oneself is an
aggregation... ...dissipation...; ...inside and outside of oneself...; the one
who lives according to these twelve forms of experience is not happy, does not
welcome, does not hold, persevere, cling; he abandons, drives away, makes it to
end, makes it go to non-existence.

Or, the one who regards experience as impermanence is not happy, unwelcome, and
does not insist on feeling, rejoicing, ....; suffering, sick, tumor, arrow,
...makes it go to non-existence; in these forty-two forms of feeling, the one
who is not happy, welcome, ...makes it go to non-existence.

"This is the case for the mindful walker": This is the way for the mindful and
righteous walker, dweller, actor, on-goer, guarder, and survivor.

"Consciousness is stopped": Consciousness that does blessing, non-blessing,
consciousness that does not move [SN.12.51] is destroyed, calmed down, walked to
non-existence, and ceased.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
