### 13. Udaya

74. [Venerable Udaya like this:] To those are those who meditate, those who are
    free from dust, those who are sitting down, those who have completed the
    duty, those who are free from troubles,
To those who have reached the other side in all dhammas, those in need come with
questions,
Please tell me of the liberation of complete wisdom, the destruction of
    ignorance.

"Those who have meditation (concentration), those who are free from the dust,
and those who sit down": The Blessed One is a person who has meditation. He who
has meditation in the first jhāna is a meditation; ...second jhāna...; ...third
jhāna...; ...fourth jhāna...; ..seeking and serving [AN.8.63] meditation...;
...no-will meditation...; ...walking meditation with pleasure...; meditation in
emptiness; meditation in non-phase; meditation with unwillingness; in the world
of jhāna, he is also a meditator, a meditation-loving person, a practitioner of
a single state, and a person who values his own interests. "A person who is free
from dust," greed is dust; hatred ...; ignorance ...; anger ...; resentment...
(omitted); all unwholesome deeds are dust. For the Buddha and the Blessed One,
this dust has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm
tree without roots, becoming non-existent for the future. Among living things,
therefore, the Buddha is the one who has no dust, the one who is free from the
dust, the one who has thrown away the dust, the one who has abandoned the dust,
the one who has left the bound of the dust (the one who does not correspond to
the dust), and the one who has overcome all the dust.

Greed instead of dust is called grime, "dust" is synonymous with greed, abandon
the person who has dust in the eyes, so the winner is called the person who has
left the dust. Anger instead of dust is called grime.... Ignorance instead of
dust is called grime....

"Those who sit down," The Blessed One is sitting in the Rock Temple in Magadha.

"When Muni was sitting on the hillside, he who had reached the other side of
    suffering,
The disciples served, with the three knowledges, destroyers of death."
[SN.8.10]

Or, In the state where all efforts have ceased, the Blessed One is the one who
sits, the one who has descended, and the one who has practiced... (omitted)
...without his regeneration.

"[Like this Venerable Udaya]": ....

"The one who has completed the duty and the one who has no troubles": For the
Buddha and the Blessed One, all the obligations, what should be done and what
should not be done have been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like
a palm tree without roots, gone to non-existence, something that will not be
born in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has completed the duty.

For those who have not spread (??), for the bhikkhus who have cut off the stream,
For those who have cut off what should be done and what should not be done,
the scorching heat (torment??) is not found. [Sn.3.11,720]'

"Should be the doer, the one who has no troubles": There are four kinds of
troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, and the
troubles of ignorance. Those troubles have been abandoned by the Buddha and the
Blessed One, the root has been cut off, .... Therefore, the Buddha is a
trouble-free person.

"All Dhamma has reached the other shore": The Blessed One is the one who has
reached the other shore of the Dhamma; knowing ...; abandoning ...; practice...;
testifying...; Those on the other side: those who have reached the other side of
all Dhamma; those who have reached the other side of all suffering and
omniscience; ...of all polluted renunciations; ...of the practice of the Four
Holy Paths; ...of the testimony of destruction; The one who waits until he has
reached the other shore, he is the free reacher (one who arrives) on the holy
precepts, the highest (pāramitā) reacher; the free reacher and the highest
reacher in the holy sanctuary; the free reacher on the holy wisdom, the highest,
the one who has reached the end; the one who is free and the highest in the
sacred liberation, the one who has reached the other side, the one who has
reached the ultimate (target); the one who has reached finality, the one who has
reached the end; has reached the border; ...reached rescue; reached shelter;
reached the refuge; the one without terror; the one who has reached no fear, the
one without death; the one who has reached undeath; the one who has reached
Nibbāna; he is a person who has descended into a state, a person who has
practiced... (omitted).

"The needy comes with questions": I come with questions as needed, I come if I
want to ask questions, and I come if I want to hear questions. Or, the
inquirers of the question have the need, the one who wants to ask the question,
the one who wants to hear, the needy come, approach, visit. Or, When I have a
question, you can and you have enough reason to answer the question I ask,
"Please bear this burden."

"Please tell us about the liberation of the complete wisdom": The liberation of
the complete wisdom is called the liberation of the Arahant state. Please tell
about the liberation of the Arahant state, please explain, please teach ....

"The destruction of ignorance": The destruction of ignorance, breaking,
renunciation, cessation, stopping, immortality, Nibbāna.

75. [Blessed One: "Udaya!"] Severing both the desire for desire and sorrow,
And the elimination of drowsiness, the prevention of regret.

"Cut off the desire for desire": "Desire," which is the desire of desire, the
greed of desire, the joy ..., the thirst ..., love, craving, enthusiasm,
fascination, seizure, torrent, harness (binding), attachment, the cover of
desire. "The renunciation of the desire for desire": the renunciation, calmness,
cessation, stopping, immortality, and Nibbāna of the desire for desire.

"[Blessed One: 'Udaya!"]': ....

"Both with regard to sorrows": "sorrows" are undesirable sufferings of the
heart, pains of the heart, undesirable sufferings of the heart touch (??),
undesirable sufferings of the heart touch. "Both with regards to sorrow": The
desire for sorrow, and the sorrow, cessation, calm, stopping, immortality, and
Nibbāna.

"And the exclusion of drowsiness": "Drowsiness" that is the state of
unbearable, unsuitable work, stained, withdrawn, dull, depressed, withdrawn,
drowsy, and ignorant. "Exclusion," as well as the exclusion, renunciation,
cessation, calming, stopping, immortality, and Nibbāna.

"Prevention of Regret": "Regret," the inaction of the hands (evil being uneasy)
is regret, the inaction of the feet is also regret, the inaction of the hands
and feet is also regret, the inappropriate is considered as appropriate,
appropriate is thought to be inappropriate, the timely is thought to be
untimely, the innocent is thought to be sinful, the sinful is thought to be
innocent, regret is like this; the path to regret, the state of regret, the
remorse of the heart, the confusion of the mind, this is called regret. In
addition, regret, heart remorse, and confusion of mind arise from two factors:
what is done and what is not done. How do things that have been done and things
that have not been done cause regret, heart remorse, and confusion of mind? "I
did the evil deeds of the body, but the good deeds of the body were not done by
me." He had regrets, remorse in his heart, and confusion of mind; "I did the
evil deeds of speech, ...(omitted)." "I did the evil deeds ...." "I did the
killing, and the abstinence from killing was not done by me.".... "Taking
without giving was done by me, and the precepts taken without giving were never
done by me (??).".... "I did it (adultuery??), and the precepts for adultery
were never done by me.".... Lying (??) was done by me. "....  "Divisive
language...." "Vicious language ...." "Slurs...." "Greed ...."...(omitted)
"Malice...." "Wrong views...." He had regrets, heart remorse, and confusion of
intentions. Regret, heart remorse, and confusion arise with what has been done
and has not been done.

Or, "I'm not a full-fledged person in renunciation." He has regrets, heart
remorse, and confusion of mind; "I am not a guardian of the roots."... (omitted)
"I am not a person who knows how to eat (mindfully, enough ??)."... "I'm not a
sober person."... "I don't have mindfulness and right knowledge."... "Four
mindfulness, four positive diligence, four divine bases, five faculties, five
powers, seven enlightenment elements, eight sacred paths have not been practiced
by me"... "The suffering is not known by me, the collection is not judged by me,
the Path is not practiced by me, and the destruction is not witnessed by me."

"Prevention of Regret": Prevention of obstacles to regret, renunciation,
cessation, stopping, calming, immortality, Nibbāna.

76. Purified by calm and mindfulness, preceded by thinking of the Dhamma,
I say this is the liberation of complete wisdom, the destruction of ignorance.
[AN.3.33]

"Satisfaction is completely pure in peace": "Peace," that is the calm,
disattached, onlooking, cessation of the mind, equality of the mind, the
tranquil state of the mind, the neutral state of the mind in the fourth jhāna.
"Mindfulness," that is the calm mindfulness, free mindfulness in the fourth
jhāna... (omitted). "Purification from calmness to mindfulness": The peace and
mindfulness in the fourth jhāna are pure, clean, completely pure, purified, free
from defilements, malleable, suitable for working, standing still, reaching
immobility.

"Thinking of Dhamma is the forerunner": Thinking of Dhamma is called good will.
It is the beginning, the first, and the forerunner for the liberation of
complete wisdom. Or, Thinking of Dhamma is called right view. It is the
beginning, the first, and it is the forerunner of complete intellectual
liberation. Or, Thinking of Dhamma is called Vipassanā, the forerunner of the
four realms. It is the beginning, the first, and the forerunner of complete
intellectual liberation.

"I talk about the liberation of the complete wisdom": The liberation of the
complete wisdom is called the liberation of the Arahant. I speak, I explain...,
the Arahant's freedom.

"The destruction of ignorance": "Ignorance," ignorance in suffering....
"Destruction," the destruction of ignorance, abandonment, cessation, stopping,
calming, immortality, Nibbāna.

77. (Udaya:) What is the knot of the world? What is its roaming?
What kind of abandonment, like this, is called Nibbāna? [SN.1.64]

"What is the knot of the world": The knot, adhesion, binding, and defilement in
the world, what kind of harness, strong harness, full harness, complete harness,
attachment, fixation, obstacles.

"What is its roaming": What is its walking, wandering, and roaming back. With
what world walking, wandering, and roaming back.

"By what kind of renunciation is called Nibbāna like this": By what kind of
renunciation, pacification, cessation, stopping; called, said, told, talked,
explained, and said to be like this Nibbāna.

78. (The Blessed One:) Joy is the knot of the world, and seeking is its
    wandering,
By the surrender of thirst, it is called Nibbāna like this.

"Joy is the knot of the world": Joy is called thirst, that is greed.... This is
called joy. All happiness is the knot, adhesion, bondage, and defilement of the
world, and is the harness, ...of the world.

"Seeking is its wandering": "Seeking," there are nine types of seeking:
searching, seeking maliciously, seeking for harm, seeking for relatives, seeking
for land, seeking for immortality, seeking for sympathy with others, and seeking
for respect and reputation, and the search related to not being scorned are
called the nine types of search. These nine types of search are the wandering,
roaming, and reverse wandering (back??) of the world, and these nine types of
search are wandering, roaming, and wandering (back??) against the world.

"With the surrender of thirst, it is called Nibbāna like this": "thirst for
love," the thirst for lust... (omitted), the thirst for Dhamma. "With the
surrender of thirst, it is called Nibbāna like this": With the surrender of
thirst, calming, stopping, and cessation; it is called, said, told, talked,
explained to be said as Nibbāna.

79. (Udaya:) What about for the mindful walker, how is consciousness stopped?
We ask the Blessed One, let us hear your words.

"What about for the mindful walker": What is it for the mindful and righteous
walking, dwelling, acting, going on, guarding, and surviving.

"Consciousness is stopped": Consciousness is extinguished, is calmed down, goes
to non-existence, ceases.

"We have come to ask the Blessed One": We have come have come, we have arrived,
we have fully arrived, we have joined you, we have to ask the Buddha, the
Blessed One, we have to question, ask, inquire, make it clear.

"Let us hear your words": "That," your words, ways, teachings, explanations,
admonitions. Let us hear, learn, remember, understand, and discern.

80. (The Blessed One:) For those who are not happy in feeling inside and outside
    of oneself,
For the mindful walker, consciousness is stopped.

"One who is not happy in feeling within and outside of oneself": The feeling
within oneself is subject to perception and the one who inhabits it is not
happy, unwelcome, does not hold, persevere, cling; he abandons, drives away,
makes to end, makes it to go to non-existence; the feeling outside of
oneself...; the feeling within and outside of the self...; the feeling in
oneself is collected by the method (??), and the one who lives according to the
feeling...; the feeling in oneself in the method of dissipating, and feeling
according to the perception(??)...; those who are on the subject of the subject
on the subject and the subject of subjectivity outside of themselves (??)...;
the feeling outside of oneself dissipates the Dhamma according to the
perception, the one who stays according to the perception...; in the collection
and dissipating methods of external feelings, those who live according to
perception...; those who live according to the observations of the method of
dissipating and accepting according to the observations...; the collection and
dissipation of the methods of accepting according to the observations within and
outside the self, those who live according to the observations...; in these
twelve forms of experience, the one who perceives and knows... make it go to
non-existence.

Or, the one who regards experience as impermanence is not happy, unwelcome, and
does not insist on receiving, rejoicing, ....; suffering, sick, tumor, arrow,
...makes it go to non-existence; in these forty-two forms of feeling, the one
who is not happy, welcome, ...makes it go to non-existence.

"This is the case for the mindful walker": This is the way for the mindful and
righteous walker, dweller, actor, on-goer, guarder, and survivor.

"Consciousness is stopped": Consciousness that does blessing, non-blessing,
consciousness that does not move [SN.12.51] is destroyed, calmed down, walked to
non-existence, and ceased.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
