### 14. Posāla

81. [Venerable Posāla like this:] To the one who points out the past,
    the undisturbed, who cuts off doubts,
To those who have reached the other side of the dhammas, those in need come with
    questions.

"The one who pointed out the past": "The one who...," that is the world-honored
person, the one who is alone, and the one without a teacher who has realized the
truth in the Dhamma that has not been heard before, and has reached the state of
all knowing there, the one who (reaches) the state of freedom in strength.
"Point out," the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others, also
points out the future, and points out the present.

How did the Blessed One point out his past? The Blessed One pointed out his
past: He pointed out the whole life, the second life, the third life, the fourth
life, the fifth life, the tenth life, the twentieth life, the thirtieth life,
and the fortieth life. Ten births also pointed out fifty births, and also
pointed out a hundred births..., a thousand births..., one hundred thousand
births..., many bad calamities..., many finished calamities..., also pointed out
many bad calamities: "Where is that person? Such a name, such a surname, such a
face, (eating) such food, such a feeling of pain and happiness, such a length of
life, who died here and was reborn there, and where is the name, ..., who died
there was born here." Like this, he pointed out that many previous lives had
such behaviors and situations.

How does the Blessed One point out the past of others? The Blessed One pointed
out the past of others: He pointed out the whole life, and also pointed out the
second life... (omitted). Like this, he pointed out that many previous lives
had such behaviors and situations.

When talking about the Five Hundred Prayer Suttas, the Blessed One points out
the past of himself and others; when talking about the Great Causes Sutta
[DN.14], the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others; when talking
about the Great Splendor Sutta [DN.17], the Blessed One points out the past of
oneself and others; when talking about the Great Steward Sutta [DN.19], the
Blessed One points out the past of himself and others; when talking about the
Makhādeva [MN.83], the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others.

This was said by the Blessed One [DN.29]: "Cunda, Regarding the past lives,
Tathāgata has wisdom from memory, he (can) recall as much as he hopes, Cunda,
Regarding the future... (omitted). Cunda, Regarding the present life, the
Tathāgata has wisdom from awakening: 'This is my last birth, and now, there is
no rebirth.'"

The wisdom of the root is the power of the Tathāgata; the underlying tendency of
all living beings and the underlying tendency of the troubles is the power of
the Tathāgata; the wisdom of the two gods...; the wisdom of great compassion...;
the wisdom of all knowers...; barrier-free wisdom...; there is no attachment, no
repulsion, and barrier-free wisdom is the Tathāgata power. In this way, the
Blessed One points out the past, future, and present of himself and others, he
explained, taught, ....

"[Like this Venerable Posāla]": ....

"The one who is not disturbed, the one who cuts off doubts": "Disturbance is
called thirst, that is greed, .... That disturbance, thirst, for Buddha, the
Blessed One, has been cut off, the root.... Therefore, the Buddha is the
undisturbed. The disturbed state is .... The one who does is not disturbed.
"The doubter," doubt is called doubt: .... That doubt has been cut off, severed,
and destroyed for the Buddha and the Blessed One, has been cut off, ..., burned
by the fire of wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who cuts off doubts.

"Those who have reached the other side": ....

"The needy come with a question": ....

82. The person for whom form has disappeared, the person who has abandoned the
    body,
The seer of "nothing" inside and outside of oneself,
Sakyamuni! I ask about this wisdom, how should people like that be guided?

"Those whose form has disappeared": What is form? The state of thought,
cognition, and cognition of the entrants or the deceased, or those who live in
the realm of life, is the state of consciousness. "Those who have disappeared":
The four formless attainments are those who have disappeared, those who have
left, those who have passed through, those who have transcended, and those who
have overcome.

"The person who has abandoned all bodies": All his rebirth bodies have been
given up, those who have crossed that portion, and his body has been suppressed
and given up by those who have given up.

"Inside and outside of oneself, the seer of 'nothing'": "Nothing" means dwelling
in nothingness. For what reason is "nothing" dwelling in nothingness? Everyone
who enters (mindfully) and dwells until the boundlessness of consciousness, and
then after coming out of there, that consciousness does not exist, disappears,
and is wiped out. He sees "Nothing," and for this reason dwells in "nothing."

"Sakyamuni! I will ask the wisdom": "Sakyamuni," .... "I ask wisdom," I ask your
wisdom, I ask your knowledge, I ask your all-seeing wisdom, I ask the wisdom of
the all-knowing one: What is it like, what is established, what method, and what
kind of wisdom should be desired?"

"How should a person like that be guided": How should he be guided, be tempered,
be comforted, be told, be considered, be seen, and be made clear? How? How
should that higher wisdom make it arise? "That kind of person," that kind of
person, that fixator, that similar person, who has attained the sphere of
nothingness.

83. [Blessed One: "Posāla!"] Knowing all states of consciousness, the Tathāgata
    is the witness,
Knowing that the survivor is the winner, (or) the one who who is stuck.

"Knowing all states of consciousness": The Blessed One knows the Four
Consciousnesses because of his creation, and he knows the Seven Consciousnesses
because of the incarnation. How is it that the Blessed One knows the Four
Consciousnesses because of his creation? This is said by the Blessed One:
"Bhikkhus! When consciousness abides with form, it stays in form, stands on
form, is supported by form, and with a sprinkle of joy in it, it will grow and
expand. Bhikkhus! When consciousness abides with feeling..., ...perceiving...."
[SN.22.53]

How is the Blessed One the one who knows the Seven Consciousness due to the
incarnation? This was said by the Blessed One:

"Bhikkhus! Beings with all kinds of bodies and all kinds of thoughts, such as:
people, certain heavens, and certain people who have fallen from the realm, this
is the first consciousness.

Bhikkhus! There are all kinds of beings with a single mind, such as the Brahma
who reborn as the first, this is the second consciousness.

Bhikkhus! Beings with a single body and all kinds of thoughts, such as the
heaven of light and sound, this is the third consciousness.

Bhikkhus! Beings who have a single body and a single mind, such as: the sky of
pure heaven, this is the fourth consciousness.

Bhikkhus! There is the transcendence of thinking with all forms, the extinction
of thinking with the opposite (opposing factors), and all kinds of thinking
without thinking, (knowing): 'The void is boundless,' to beings in the boundless
emptiness, this is the fifth consciousness.

Bhikkhus! After surpassing all boundless emptiness (knowing): 'Knowledge
(consciousness) is boundless,' the sentient beings who reach the boundlessness
of consciousness, this is the sixth consciousness.

Bhikkhus! After having transcended all boundlessness of consciousness (knowing):
'There is nothing,' the sentient beings who reach nothingness are (in) the
seventh consciousness. In this way, the Blessed One knows the seven
consciousnesses because of the rebirth."

"[Blessed One: 'Posāla!']": ....

"The Tathāgata is the knower who proves": "The knower who proves," the Tathāgata
is the one who proves the knowing, the sure knower, the penetrator. This is said
by the Blessed One [DN.29]: "Cunda, If a question about the past is untrue,
unrealistic, unprofitable, Tathāgata does not answer it. Cunda, If the question
about the past is true, truthful, but unprofitable, the Tathāgata does not
answer it. Cunda, if the question about the past is true, truthful, and
profitable, the Tathāgata knows the right time to answer. Cunda, if a question
about the future the future.... Cunda, if a question about the present....
Cunda, like this, in the past, the future, and the present Dhamma, the Tathāgata
is the speaker of the right time, the speaker of the fact, the speaker of the
benefit, such as the speaker of the Dhamma, therefore it is called 'Tathāgata.'

Cunda, including the world with of heavens, demons, and Brahma; in the
generations with the Samaṇa, brāhmaṇas, heavens, and humans, wherever he sees,
hears, feels, knows, gains, asks, and is followed by intentions, that Everything
has been enlightened by the Tathāgata, so it is called 'Tathāgata;' Cunda,
whenever he speaks, talks, and demonstrates in the night of enlightenment, he
says, talks, and shows that everything is the same as it really is, so it is
called 'Tathāgata;' Cunda, the Tathāgata is the one who does what he says; the
one who speaks as he does, and the one who does it like this; the one who speaks
as he does it is called 'Tathāgata;' Cunda, including the world with the
heavens, demons, and Brahma; among the generations including the Samaṇa,
brāhmaṇas, heavens, and people, the Tathāgata is the conqueror, the unconquered,
the all-seeing, and the free, and so is called the 'Tathāgata.'"

"Know the survivor": The Blessed One knows that the survivor is here because of
the deeds of kamma: "This person has passed away to the world of suffering, evil
interest, lower realm, and hell after death through the disintegration of the
body." And the one who knows that exists here: "This person has passed away to
the animal world after death by the disintegration of the body." The Blessed One
knows that this is here due to the deeds of kamma: "This person has passed away
after the disintegration of the body, to the world of hungry ghosts." The
Blessed One knows that he is here because of his kamma: "This person has passed
away after death through the disintegration of his body." The Blessed One knows
that he is here because of his kamma: "With the disintegration of the body,
human beings have been reborn to the realm of goodness and heaven after death."

This was said by the Blessed One [MN.12]:

"Again, Sāriputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: 'This
individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the
disintegration of the body, and will be reborn into the way of suffering, evil,
lower realms, and hell after death.'

Again, Sāriputta! ...(omitted) ...in the animal world after death.

Again, Sāriputta! ...in the world of hungry ghosts after death.

Again, Sāriputta! ...in the human realm after death.

Again, Sāriputta! ...in the way of goodness and heaven after death.

Again, Sāriputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: 'This
individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the extinction of
all the troubles, and will enter in the life after witnessing the wisdom to
testify, then live in the mind free from worry, with the relief of wisdom.'"

"It is the victor, the one who is stuck": The "victor" who has nowhere. "The
victor," the one who overcomes the solution by liberation, the one who overcomes
the solution there, the one like that. Or, the Blessed One knows that: this
person is the one who overcomes the solution by form, the solution by sound, the
solution by smell, the solution by taste, the solution by touch, the solution by
family, the solution by group, the winner of residence, the winner of profit,
the winner of reputation, the winner of praise, the winner of joy, the winner of
clothing, the winner of group food (eating meals with the group), the winner of
shelter, of the needs of patients and medical necessities, the interpreter, the
victorious interpreter, the ruler victorious, the Abhidhamma victorious, Arahant
victorious: the one who always begs for food, the dung-sweeping and the
victorious, the three-clothing, the victorious, those who beg for food and
overcome solutions, those who do not suffer from food after eating, those who
often sit and do not sleep, those who live anywhere, those who overcome
solutions, those who (through) first jhāna overcome solutions, those who
(through) second jhāna ..., and those who (through) third jhāna..., those who
are in the fourth jhāna are the winners of the solution, those who dwell for the
solution in the boundless void (fifth/first immaterial), ... in the
boundlessness of consciousness, ...in nothingness, and those who do not dwell
(in nothingness; neither perception nor non-perception; eighth), for the
solution.

"The one who is stuck" means the one who has no place, the one who is stuck, the
one who is stuck in kamma, the one who is repaid, the one who is heavy, and the
one who regenerates. Or, the Blessed One knows: This person is a person who is
stuck in form....

84. After knowing the arising of nothingness, like this, is the knot of joy,
After he knows in this way, he sees clearly with insight there;
This is his true wisdom, that of the completed brāhmaṇa.

"After knowing the arising of nothingness: "Arising of nothingness" is called a
creation that leads to nothingness. Knowing that the creation that leads to
nothingness is "nothing arises," after knowing it is "adhesion," knowing is
after "binding," after knowing it is "obstacle," after understanding, after
measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying.

"Like this is the joyful knot": The happy knot is called formless greed. The
kamma is attached, fixed, and obstructed by formless greed. After knowing that
formless greed is "happy knot," after knowing it is "adhesion," .... Like this,"
....

"After proving this in this way": After proving this in this way, after
understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying.

"Afterwards, seeing with insight there": "There," enter into the place of no
possessions, and then after exiting from there, with insight as impermanent in
the mind and mental states that arise; as insight for the suffering; for the
sick... (omitted). With insight he leaves, he sees, watches, meditates, and
observes.

"This is his true wisdom": This is his true, factual, correct, and non-reversed
wisdom.

"Completed Brāhmaṇa": "Brāhmaṇa," the excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is
Brāhmaṇa... (omitted) those who are not dependent, like this can be called a
Brāhmaṇa. "Completed Brāhmaṇa": Seven common people, including seven kinds of
learned, live, live together, dwell, and stay, those who have what is deserved,
those who reach what should be reached, those who testify to what should be
testified, the Arahant has completed what should be done, the burden has been
discharged, his own interests have been achieved, some knots have been wiped
out, and he is liberated with ultimate wisdom. He is a person who has descended
into a state, has practiced... (omitted), ...life and death, without his
rebirth.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
