<!-- Cūḷaniddesa -->
<!-- Pārāyanavagganiddesa -->
### 11. Jatukanṇị̄

> 65 &middot; [Like this Venerable Jatukanṇị̄:]  
After I heard about the heroes who have no desire for desire,  
I came to ask those who have passed the violent current, to ask the desireless ones,  
One with the born Eye, please tell me the state of silence,  
Blessed One, I ask you to tell me as it is.

"I heard about a hero who has no desire for desire": Like this, the Blessed One,
the Arahant..., the Buddha, after hearing it, after grasping, after
understanding, after distinguishing. "Hero," the Blessed One is a hero, "the
energetic" is a hero, "the able" is a hero, "the sufficient" is a hero, "the
brave" is a hero, "heroic" is a hero, "those who are not afraid" are heroes,
those who have no terror are heroes, those who do not run away are heroes, those
who have given up on fear of terror are heroes.

"Abstaining from all evil deeds,  
With vitality, after transcending the suffering of hell,  
An energetic and hardworking person;  
People like this can be called a hero."  
[Sn.3.6]

"After I heard about the heroes who have no desire for desire": Desire is two
types of desires: the desire for things and the desire for pollution. What are
the desires for things? Desirable sight, sound, smell, taste, touch; bedding,
clothing, maidservants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows,
horses, mules, horses, fields, houses, gold, gold coins, villages and towns,
capitals, countries, territories, treasuries, warehouses; everything that can be
tainted by greed is the desire for things.

In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal
desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires,
medium desires, superior desires; desires in the suffering world, human desires,
heavenly desires, existing desire, created desire, uncreated desire, created
desire by others, possessed desire, unpossessed desire, cherished desire,
non-cherished desires; the desires of all the worlds of desire, the desires of
all the worlds of physicality, all the desires of the world of non-material
worlds, dependence on thirst and desire for love, desiring righteousness, greed
for righteousness, the desire to be intoxicated by righteousness and happiness,
is called the desire for things.

What is the desire for defilement? The desire for desire, the desire for greed,
the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire for lust, the
desire for intention, the joy of desire, love obsession, the binding harness of
desire, attachment, the desire for cover.

"Seeing those roots of desire,  
Wanting to be produced by thought (intention),  
I will not think of them,  
So desire will not exist."  
[Jat.8.421]

For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the desire for things has been known, the
desire for pollution has been renounced, in the state of knowing of the desire
for things, and the desire for pollution has been renounced(, the Blessed One
does not desire in desire; does not pray in desire; does not want in desire;
does not ask in desire). Whoever desires in desire; prays in desire; hopes in
desire; asks in desire, they are those who have desires for desires, those who
have greed for greed, and those who have thoughts about desires. The Blessed One
does not desire desires; does not want desires; does not hope for desires; does
not ask desires. Therefore, the Buddha, those who have no desire, those who have
renounced their desires, those who have abandoned their desires, those who have
eliminated their desires, those who have liberated their desires, those who have
forsaken their desires, those who have cut off their desires, those who have
renounced greed, those who have no greed, those who have renounced greed, those
who have eliminated greed, those who have been liberated from greed, those who
have cut off greed, those who have forsaken greed, those who are not hungry,
those who have extinguished, those who have become cool, those who feel happy,
and those who live as Brāhmaṇas.

"[Like this Venerable Jatukanṇị̄]": "Like this," the continuation of sentences;
the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of
words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like
this." "Venerable," this is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience.
This is "Venerable." "Jatukanṇị̄," the name, title, security, common name,
appellation.

"Come to ask the undesiring ones who have crossed the torrent (storm)": "The
ones who have crossed the torrent," the ones who have passed the torrent, those
who have overcome the torrent. "To ask," to ask, to question, to inquire, to
make it clear. "Come to..., the one who has no desire," to ask the person who
has no desire, the person who has deserted, and the person who has given up
desire, those who have been excluded, those who have renounced their desires,
...(omitted), those who have renounced greed, ...(omitted), we have come, we
have arrived, we have fully arrived, we have been united with you.

"The one born with the Eye, please speak about the state of silence": "Silence"
takes a form as silence and a state of silence, that is non-living, Nibbāna,
that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the
extinction of craving, greed, extinction, Nibbāna. This is said by the Blessed
One: "This is the state of silence, this is the state of victory, namely: the
cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of
thirst, freedom from greed, extinction, Nibbāna" [SN.48.50]. With another
aspect: where all dhammas lead to the realization of silence, the touch of
silence, and the testimony of silence, just like these four mindfulnesses and
four righteousnesses, the four bases, the five faculties, the five powers, the
seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path. These are
called the state of silence. Please speak, please explain, ...(omitted) the
state of silence, the state of refuge, the state of shelter the state of no
fear, the state of no death, the state of non-living, the state of Nibbāna. The
eye is called the state of all knowing wisdom. For the Buddha and the Blessed
One, the eye and the state of the victor arise at the same time (not in
sequence) under the Bodhi tree, so the Buddha is the co-born Eye.

"Blessed One, please tell me the truth": The truth is called non-living,
Nibbāna.... "Blessed One" is synonymous with respect. In addition, the "greed
breaker" is the Blessed One; the "sickness destroyer" is the Blessed One; "the
one who has destroyed conceit" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed
the thorns" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the pollutants" is
Blessed One; "the one who has ended" is the Blessed One; "the one who has
practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed One;
or "the Blessed One is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings
(sitting place), where speaking is lessened, it is quiet, away from the human
atmosphere, alone, and suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or "the
Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of
patients, and medical necessities"; or "the Blessed One is the one who has the
taste of righteousness, the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the
increased precepts, the mind, and the wisdom"; or "the Blessed One is the four
types of jhāna, the four immeasurables, the four formlessness, etc., the one who
divides is the Blessed One"; or the Blessed One is the one who has the eighth
liberation, the eight victories, the ninth dwelling place, etc.; or the Blessed
One is the practice of ten thoughts, (ten) abidings, the one who (observes) the
in and out of breath; the one who is purely divided is the Blessed One; or the
Blessed One divides the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four
divine bases (iddhipāda), the five faculties, the five powers, the seven
enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path; or the Blessed
One is ten Tathāgata, four fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six
supernatural powers and the six enlightenment methods. "Blessed One," this name
is not given by the mother; not given by the father; not given by brothers; not
given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by
Samaṇas or Brāhmaṇas; not given by heaven; it is ultimate liberation; the
establishment (of the pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the
Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom,
that is, the Blessed One. "Please tell me," ....

> 66 &middot; Because the Blessed One acts after victory over desire,  
Like the shining sun shines on the earth,  
The one who is broadly wise, for me who is less wise,  
Please explain the Dhamma,  
That I can know where there is the separation of birth and aging.

"Because the Blessed One acts after the victory over desire": "Blessed One,"
.... "Desire," .... After the Blessed One has known the desires of things, after
giving up on the desires for pollution, he defeated, ceased, overwhelmed, ended,
crushed, is walking, staying, acting, going on, guarding, surviving.

"The shining sun shines on the earth": The sun (ādicco) is called the sun
(sūriyo). The earth (pathavī) is called the earth (jagatī). The shining sun has
brilliance, wins, defeats, overwhelms, ending, heating the earth, breaking
through all the darkness in the sky, destroying the darkness, after the light is
seen, walking in the sky, in the air, and on the road in the void; similarly,
the shining Blessed Wisdom has the brilliance of wisdom, (destroying) all works,
...the darkness of pollution, destroys the darkness of ignorance, after seeing
the light of wisdom, after knowing the desire for things, after giving up on the
desire for pollution, he wins, defeats, overwhelms, ends, crushes, walks, stays,
acts, goes on, guards, and survives.

"The one who is broadly wise, for the one who is less wise": I am the one who is
less wise, the lower, and inferior in wisdom; you are the wiser, the higher, the
quicker, and the insightful. As the earth is called wide, the Blessed One has
the same vast and expanding wisdom as that earth.

"Please explain the Dhamma that I can know": "Dhamma," .... Please explain,
please teach.... "I can know," I can know, know with certainty, penetrate,
prove, reach, and testify.

"Where is the renunciation of birth and senescence": The renunciation of birth,
aging, and death, cessation, severance, stopping, non-living, and Nibbāna.

> 67 &middot; [The Blessed One: "Jatukanṇị̄"]  
Please temper your craving of desire,  
And treat detachment from desire as stability,  
Taking up or rejecting anything,  
Don't let these be found (in you).

"Please temper the craving of desire": "Desire," .... "Craving," .... "Please
temper craving of desire": Please adjust the greed of desire, please expel,
please leave, please drive away, please make to end, please make it go to
non-existence.

"Jatukanṇị̄": ....

"After, see detachment from desire as stability": "(Leaving) desire," the
correct way, the following way, the non-reverse way, the way of
non-contradiction, the way of the Way and the Dhamma, it means to follow the
path of the Dhamma, complete the precepts, guard the roots, know the right
amount of food, specialize in sobriety, mindfulness, with right knowledge, four
mindfulnesses, four right diligences, four divine bases, five senses, five
powers, seven enlightenment factors, eight holy paths, Nibbāna and the path
leading to Nibbāna, they are stability, shelter, fearless, deathless,
non-living, Nibbāna; after seeing, weighing, judging, separating, and
clarifying.

"Pick up or reject": "Picked up," held on, clung to, clinging, taken, believed
to be due to craving, seeing. "Or rejected," or rejected what should be
detached, what should be abandoned, what should be driven away, what should be
terminated, what should be brought to non-existence.

"To not find anything": "Anything," greed is a thing, hatred is a thing,
ignorance ...(omitted); any of these things, don't be discovered, don't be
forced to be discovered, don't be completely discovered, don't be discovered,
please abandon, please drive away, please make the end, please make it go to
non-existence.

> 68 &middot; Anything before, please let it wither;  
Please don't have anything afterwards,  
If you will not hold it in the middle,  
You will live a silent life.

"Anything before, please make it wither": As for the pollution that can cause
pollution in the past, please make it dry, please make it wither, please make it
dry up, do not make seeds, please let it go, please drive away, please end it,
please make it go to non-existence. In this way, what was before, please let it
wither. Or, any past kamma creations that have not matured and repaid, please
let them wither, I ask you to wither, ...make it to go to non-existence.

"Please don't have any afterwards": Afterwards is called the future. Regarding
the actions of the future, what can arise, any greed, any aversion, any
delusion, any conceit, any perception, any pollution, any evil deeds, any of
these, you should not have, don't make, don't produce, don't generate, don't
cause to arise, please give up, please drive away, please make to end, please
make it to come to non-existence.

"If you can't hold the one in the middle": The one in the middle is called the
present form, feeling, thought, action, and consciousness. Regarding the present
actions, you will not hold it because of craving and seeing, thirst, grasping,
clinging, rejoicing, welcoming, holding, you will give up, drive away, end, and
make it go to non-existence.

"You will live a silent life": The silent state of greed means that you will
live a silent life, an unagitated... (omitted) all unwholesome contrived things,
silent states, calmed states, dead state, the extinguished state, the no longer
burning state, the cooled state, the gone state, the ceased state is silent,
quiet, extinguished, cooled, stopped; you live, act, go on, guard, and survive.

> 69 &middot; For those who are free from greed  
In all names and forms, Brāhmaṇa,  
For this one troubles are not found  
With which he would reach the control of death.

"In all names and forms, Brāhmaṇa! For those who are free from greed":
"Everything," .... "Name," the four formless aggregates. "Form," the four great
elements and any form derived from the four great elements. Craving is called
craving, it is greed, .... "In all names and forms, Brāhmaṇa! For those who have
no greed": In all names and forms, to those who renounce greed, those who have
no greed, those who abandon greed, those who exclude greed, those who are
liberated from greed, and those who forsake greed, dismiss the greed, abandon
the greed, cut off the greed, free the greed.

"For this one, troubles are not discovered": "Trouble," there are four types of
troubles: the troubles of desire, the troubles of being, the troubles of seeing
(views), and the troubles of ignorance. "For this one," the Arahant, those who
have exhausted their troubles. "Undiscovered," these troubles are not, are
non-existent, unknown, not found, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable
to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom.

"With which he will reach the control of the king of death": With those troubles
that will make him go to the control of the Demon King, or go under the control
of death, they will go to the control of the demon faction; those troubles are
not, are non-existent, and not controlled by him, not known, not being
discovered, being cut off, being severed, being calmed down, being stopped,
unable to arise, being burned by the fire of wisdom.

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
