### 15. Mogharāja

85. [Venerable Mogharāja like this:] I have asked Sakyamuni twice, but the
    all-seeing one did not answer me,
I have heard that that on the third time, the divine rishi will answer.

"I asked Sakyamuni twice": The Brahman asked the Buddha and the Blessed One two
times, but the Blessed One did not answer the question he asked (thinking) "In
the middle, the roots of this Brahman will become familiar." "Sakyamuni"
...(omitted, see previous sections). "I asked Sakyamuni twice": "I inquired,
begged, requested, and asked to make it clear to Sakyamuni twice."

"[Like this Venerable Mogharāja]": ...(omitted).

"The all-seeing one did not answer me": "The one who has eyes did not answer
for me," did not answer, tell, explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover,
analyze, and clarify for me. Five eyes are those who have eyes: the naked eyes
are those who have eyes, the heavenly eyes are also those who have eyes, the
wise eyes are also those who have eyes, the eyes of Buddha are also those who
have eyes, and all eyes are also those who have eyes.

How does the Blessed One regard the naked eye as "having eyes?? There are five
colors in the eyes of the Lord: cyan, yellow, red, black, and white. (The
Blessed One's) The eye hairs are blue, extremely blue, correct, beautiful, and
equivalent to flax, and the others are yellow, extremely yellow, golden, and
correct, beautiful, equal to the flower of the winged tree. The two eyes of the
Blessed One are red, extremely red, straight, beautiful, and equal to cochineal
(??), and in the middle are black, extremely black, not coarse, moist, straight,
beautiful, and equivalent to wet. The others are white, extremely white, white,
yellow-white, upright, beautiful, and equivalent to the Taibai (??) star. With
the naked eyes of the Blessed One who belonged to the natural individual and was
born in the previous good kamma, he saw everything in Yiyushun (??) day and
night, when there are four branches of darkness: sunset, black side (moon) busa
(??), heavy forest, and time the black clouds appear. Like this, when there is
the darkness of the four branches, he also sees everything in Izumi (??) day and
night. There are no walls, or shutters, or fences, or mountains, or bushes, or
groves, which are obstacles to his vision of form. If a sesame is marked and put
into a cart full of sesame, he can select that sesame. In this way, the Blessed
One's natural naked eye is pure, and the Blessed One regards the naked eye as an
eye.

How does the Blessed One regard the Sky Eye as "the one with eyes?" With a pure
and transcendent celestial eye, the Blessed One sees that when all beings die
and pass away, they are inferior, triumphant, beautiful, ugly, fortunate, and
unfortunate, knowing that all beings flow according to their kamma: "These
beings and monarchs have body, evil, behavior, evil deeds, deeds of intention
and evil, rebuke the saints, wrong views and kamma of holding wrong views, they
have passed away after death to the suffering realm, evil interest, lower realm,
hell; or these beings, who have good deeds of body, good deeds of speech, do
good intentions, do not condemn the saints, and uphold the right view of the
kamma, they have passed away to the world of goodness and heaven after death by
disintegrating their bodies." In this way, with a pure and transcendent
celestial eye, he saw that when all beings died and passed away, in the
inferiority, victory, beauty, ugliness, fortune, and misfortune, he knew the
flow of all beings according to kamma. When he wants, the Blessed One can see
one world, two worlds, three worlds, four worlds, five worlds, and ten worlds.
Also, 20 world realms, 30 world realms, 40...,  50..., 100, these thousand small
worlds, two thousand middle world realms, as well as these three hundred
thousand great world realms [AN.3.81]. If he wants to, he can see it. In this
way, the Blessed One's heavenly eyes are all pure, and the Blessed One regards
the heavenly eyes as having eyes.

How does the Blessed One regard the wise eyes as the one with eyes? The Blessed
One is the Great Wisdom, Broad Wisdom, Quick Wisdom, Gain (??) Wisdom, Insight
Wisdom, Kind (??) of wisdom: those who are skillful, those who have developed
wisdom, those who have proved that they have reached the unimpeded, those who
have reached the four fearless ones, those who possess ten powers, those who are
like cows, those who are like lions, those who can afford people (??), those
with boundless wisdom, those with boundless brilliance, those with boundless
fame, the rich, the wealthy, the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the
informer, the one who makes it seen, the one who makes it visible, the one who
makes it clear, The Blessed One is indeed the founder of the unborn Path, the
producer of the unborn Path, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the
Path, the knower of the path, and, (His) disciples now live in the Path's
accompaniment, and will be the possessors in the future.

The Blessed One is indeed the knower and seer, who knows and sees; he is the one
who is born with eyes, born with wisdom, born with Dhamma, and born with Brahma;
he is an interpreter and promoter of righteousness, the immortal giver, Dhamma
King, Tathāgata; there is nothing that the Blessed One did not know, did not
see, did not testify (prove), did not touch with wisdom; the past, the future,
and the present came to the Buddha and the Buddha with all the deeds in the
field of wisdom, anyone with any name that should be guided to reason can be
known (??): one's own righteousness or others' righteousness or both, or the
righteousness of the current life or the righteousness of the next life or both,
or deep or hidden, or should be guided to infer, or have been guided to
determine, or no fault or pollution, or clear or supreme interest, everything
revolves in the Buddha's wisdom.

All body kamma is transferred in the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One;
all language kamma...; all mental kamma...; the wisdom of the Buddha and the
Blessed One about the past is barrier-free; ..future...; ...present...; all that
should be guided to infer is the reach of wisdom (??); all wisdom is guided to
be inferred, and all that should be guided to be inferred is the ultimate
wisdom; the ultimate wisdom is what is guided to be deduced, and there is no
wisdom (turns??) beyond what is guided to be deduced; there is no way to
transcend the wisdom that is guided and deduced. These dhammas live in mutual
restriction, such as two boxes, where the covers are completely in contact; the
lower cover does not go over the upper one, and the upper cover does not go over
the lower one; restricted to each other. (Similarly, ) All that should be
guided.. (omitted); these dhammas live in mutual restriction.

The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred in all the Dhamma,
all the Dhamma is the Buddha, the Blessed One's turn to belong (is included
in??), the hope is to belong, the intention is to belong, the mind is to arise,
the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred to all living
beings, the Blessed One knows the intentions of all living beings, knows the
potential tendency of troubles, ...the behavior, ...solution, about the less
dusty, the more dusty; the rooted, the dull rooted, the good deeds, the evil
deeds, and the teachability and unteachability of  beings; capable and incapable
sentient beings, including the world of heaven, demons, and Brahman; generations
of Samaṇa, Brahman, heaven, and man all revolve in the wisdom of Buddha.

If any fish, turtles, and even the big fish swallowing boats revolve in the sea,
the same, including the world of heaven, the world of demons, and the world of
Brahman; the generations including Samaṇa, brahman, heaven and man are all in
the Buddha Wisdom turned around. Such as any bird and even the gold-winged birds
of the descendants of Wei Na (??) were turning around in the void field. In the
same way, those who possess the same wisdom as Sāriputta also revolve in the
field of Buddha wisdom. The wisdom of the Buddha is pervasive and transcends
heaven and human.

Those wise khattiya, wise Brahmins, wise homeowners, wise Samaṇa, smart
dissidents, sharp breakers who want to do evil views with a wise attitude, they
prepare problems to be seen later; I saw the Tathāgata and asked about the
hidden and secret (rationality??). Those questions were discussed and answered
by the Blessed One with reasons, but they abandoned those nearby and became the
(disciples) of the Blessed One. At that time, the Blessed One was there, "Yihui
(??)" Hui Yao (??). In this way, the Blessed One regards the insight as an eye.

The Buddha takes Buddha's eyes as 'the one who has eyes' like this? When the
Blessed One observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with
less dust and more dust; those with roots and blunt roots; ...good deeds and
evil deeds; ...easy to teach and difficult to teach; some of the sins and
terrors of the other worlds, others who do not live in seeing sin and terror in
other worlds. Just like in the green lotus pond, red lotus pond, and white lotus
pond, some green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water, rest on
the surface of the water, sink and grow underwater; some ...are born in the
water and grow in the water, and live on the same height (dwell high on the
surface??); some ...rise above the water and live and dwell without being
stained by water. Similarly, when the Blessed One observes the world with the
eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with less dust and more dust; ... [DN.14, 69
para.]. The Blessed One knows: "This person is a greedy person, this person is
an abusive person, this person is a foolish person, this person is a pathfinder,
this person is a believer, and this person is a wise person." The Blessed One
speaks to the greedy people. The Blessed One informs those who hate walkers of
the practice of compassion. The Blessed One makes them settled in recitation,
questioning, hearing of the Dhamma at the right time, discussion of the Dhamma
at the time, and co-living with teachers. The Blessed One informs the person who
seeks the path. The Blessed One tells those who believe in a confident form (in
confidence??): the good sense of Buddha, the good nature of the Dhamma, the good
practice of the Saṅgha and his precepts. The Blessed One teaches Vipassanā to
those who are wise practitioners: impermanence, suffering, and non-self.

"If you stand on the top of a rocky mountain, you can see all the people,
Similarly, those who are virtuous and all-eyed climbed up the tall building of Dhamma,
Those who are gone away, looking at people who are in sorrow, conquered by birth and old age.
Please get up! Heroes! Victors on the battlefield! Caravan leaders, debt-free
    people walk in the world,
Blessed One! Please teach the Dhamma! There will be knowers."
[DN.14, paragraph 69]

The Buddha takes the eyes of the Buddha as an eye.

How does the Blessed One regard all eyes as having eyes? All eyes are called the
state all knowing wisdom. The Blessed One arrives (has), fully arrives (has),
enters, fully enters, has enough, has all the state wisdom of knowing.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there is no knowledge
    that cannot be known,
He proves that everything that exists should be guided by inference, because the
    Tathāgata is like that for all eyes."
[Ps.1, paragraph 121]

The Blessed One regards all eyes as having eyes like this.

"I have heard that on the third time, the divine rishi will answer": "On the
third time, the Buddha and the Dhamma master will answer the question asked, I
didn't make it go." This was learned by me, Understand and be distinguished by
me like this (??). "Divine rishi," The Lord is a divine rishi. For example, A
king who is a bhikkhu is called a king rishi; a brahman who is a bhikkhu is called a
Brahman rishi. Similarly, the Blessed One lord is a divine rishi.

Or, "The Lord is a bhikkhu." is also an rishi; "the seeker and pursuer and seeker
of the Great Precept Aggregate (??)" is also an rishi...; Dading Yun (??)...;
Dahui Yun (??)...; "Great Liberation Wisdom Seekers who see abundance" are also
rishis; "seekers who gather in the dark" are also rishis; "seekers of
destruction of the Great Upside Down (??)"...; the thirsty love of the drawing
of the arrow... the unraveling of the accumulation of the sight... the
collection of the big conceit flag... the calming of the great work... the
increase of the great torrent... letting go of the burden... the cessation of
the cycle of the great reincarnation... the disappearance of the great heat...
the cessation of the great heat... the rise of the Dafazhi(??)... the great
minds... the great effort... the great bases... the big roots... the great
powers... the great enlightenments...the eight sacred paths... the of the
immortal Nibbāna of the great supreme interests" are also rishis; All beings
seek, pursue, and search: Where is the Buddha? Where is the Lord? Where is the
god among the gods? Where is the king of bulls among people?"

86. This world, other worlds, the Brahman world, including the devas,
I do not know your view, (the view) of the famous Gotama.

"This world, other worlds": "This world" is the human world. "Other worlds" are
all worlds except the human world.

"The Brahma world, including the gods": The world including the heavens,
demons, and Brahman; including the generations of Samaṇa, Brahman, heaven, and
man.

"Do not know what you see": The world does not know what you see, like,
hobbies, opinions, claims, intentions: "Those who don't see it, those who like
it so much, those who love it so much, those who advocate this, those who intend
to do so, those who intend to do so," don't know, don't see, don't get, can't
find, do not know.

"Well-known Lord": The Lord is the gainer of fame. Or, The Lord is the one
who is respected, honored, revered, with clothes, food, shelter, the needs of
the sick, medical necessities.

87. To such a remarkable seer, the needy comes with a question:
How does one observe the world, such that the king of death can't see (him)?

"Such an excellent seer": Such an excellent seer, the first seer, the most
victorious seer, the extraordinary seer, the winning seer, the highest seer, the
supreme seer.

"The needy come with a question": ....

"How to observe the world": How to observe the world, the examiner, the
measurer, the judge, the distinguisher, the clarifier.

"The king of death can't see": Death King can't see, can't find, can't get.

88. (The Blessed One:) Please observe that the world is empty, Mogharāja, always
    mindfully.
After removing the view of oneself, one can cross over death in this way.
Those who observe the world like this cannot be seen by the King of Death.

"Please observe that the world is empty": "the world," ...(omitted, see previous
sections), including the heavenly (world). A certain bhikkhu said to the Blessed
One [SN.35.82]: "Great Virtue! What is called 'World, the world,' Great Virtue!
What is called 'World?'" "Bhikkhu! 'Broken,' so it is called 'World.' And what
is 'broken?' Bhikkhu! Eye is broken, form is broken, eye consciousness is
broken, eye contact is broken, and all that arises from this eye contact is
either happiness or suffering, or neither suffering nor feeling is also broken.
Ear ...(omitted); smell ...; the body is broken, touch is broken...; Dhamma is
broken, consciousness is dissipated, and mental touch is dissipated. Any
happiness, suffering, or unpleasantness that arises from this mind is also
dissipated. Bhikkhu! 'Broken,' so it is called 'The world.'"

"Please observe that the world is empty": Observe that the world is empty for
two reasons: because of the consideration of not being turned around freely or
the thinking of being empty (??). How to observe that the world is empty due to
the consideration of not being turned around? The freedom in form cannot be
obtained, the freedom in reception cannot be obtained, ...in thinking..., ...in
action..., and the freedom in consciousness cannot be obtained. This was said by
the World-Honored One [SN.22.59]:

"Bhikkhus! Form is without self. Bhikkhus! Because if this form is me, this form
will not cause disease, and will also be obtained in form: 'My form is like
this; my form, don't be like this.' But, bhikkhus! Because form is selfless,
therefore, form causes disease and cannot be obtained in form: 'My form should
be like this; my form should not be like this.'

Bhikkhus! Feeling is without self. Bhikkhus! Because....

Bhikkhus! Thinking is without self. Bhikkhus! Because....

Bhikkhus! Line (deeds/actions??) is without self. Bhikkhus! Because....

Bhikkhus! Consciousness is without self.. Bhikkhus! Because...."

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.12.37]: "Bhikkhus! This body is not yours,
nor other people's, bhikkhus! This is old kamma, which should be seen as being
made, created by thought, and can be felt. There, bhikkhus! There are the holy
disciples who have heard of the reason-based (dependent) origination: 'Like
this, when this exists, there is that; when this arises, that arises; when this
does not exist, there is no that; when this is extinguished, that is
extinguished; that is: ignorance is the condition for action; action is
conditional for knowledge; consciousness is conditional for name and form; with
mind and form as condition, there are six sense bases; there is contact with the
condition; the feeling with the contact; the thirst with the feeling; the taking
with the thirst; the taking with the condition; the living with the being; with
the living, predestined conditions arise from old age, death, sorrow,
bitterness, suffering, worry, and despair.' This is the collection of the entire
suffering.

But just with that ignorance it fades and perishes (??); to perish,
...(omitted), to die with birth and death, sorrow, ..., so this is the
destruction of this whole suffering." This is because of the consideration of
not being turned around freely and observing that the world is empty.

How can we make the observation that the world is empty because of the view of
dakino (the empty line??)? Solidity in form cannot be obtained, solidity in
receiving cannot be obtained, solidity in thinking cannot be obtained, solidity
in behavior cannot be obtained, and solidity in consciousness cannot be
obtained. Form is always solid, or pleasure is solid, or "I" is solid, or
constant, or eternal, or form, or with constant change; accept... (abbreviated)
right and wrong, not solid, away from solidity; thinking... ; consciousness is
solid with common (??), or solid with happiness, or solid with mine (??), ...,
or with constant change of right and wrong, ..., such as the reed is not
solid..., castor-oil plant..., fig tree..., white reeds..., palash tree...,
blisters..., the flame of the sun..., the plantain trunk..., non-solid, leaving
solid. In the same way, form is.... In this way, the observation of the world is
empty because of the thinking of dakaya (empty line??).

Or, observe that the world is empty for six reasons: the eyes are empty with me,
or with what we are, or with constancy, or with eternity, or with unchanging
methods; ears... (omitted); feeling...; thinking... ; doing... ; knowing... ;
Dhamma... ; form... ; sound... ; smell... ; taste... ; touch... ; our place
(??)... ; eye consciousness... ; consciousness... ; eye touch... ;
consciousness...; eye contact and sound...; mental touch and sound... ; physical
thinking... ; dhamma thinking... ; form thinking... ; Fa Si (??)... ; the
craving for form... ; seeking... ; lust and serving... ; the Dhamma serves
me....

Or, observe that the world is empty for ten reasons: physicality is renounced,
hypocritical, empty, selfless, false, murderer(??), nothingness, unlucky root,
troublesome, and promising (there is something??); accept... thinking...
being... knowing... death... being born... existence... revolving...
reincarnation is abandoned, hypocritical, empty, selfless, false, murderer,
nothing, the root of misfortune, troubled, and promising (??).

Or, observe that the world is empty for twelve reasons: Form is not a living
being, not a life, not a human being, not a student Brahman, not a woman, not a
man, not the real self, not what we are, not me, not mine, not anyone, not of
anyone; to feel... thinking... action... consciousness ....

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.22.33]: "Bhikkhus! Whatever is not yours
(is not you??), you must cut it off! If you cut it off, it will be of long-term
benefit and happiness for you. And, bhikkhus! What form is not yours, ...;
Bhikkhus! Those who are not you,... ; Bhikkhus! Those who know you not (??),...
; Bhikkhus! Whatever is not yours,... ; Bhikkhus! Whosoever is not you,... ;
Bhikkhus! Just like in this forest, people will take away grass, fuel wood,
branches, leaves, or burn it, or do it according to what he wants, you will
think like this: 'People take us, or burn it (us??), or do what he wants.'" "No,
Great Virtue! What is the reason? Great Virtue! Because this is not me, nor what
I belong to." "Similarly, bhikkhus! Whatever is not you, you must give up! If you
give it up, there will be long-term benefits and happiness for you. And, bhikkhus!
What is not yours? Bhikkhus! If it is not yours, you have to give up! If you
give up it, it will be of long-term benefit and happiness for you; accept...
think.... If it is not yours, you must give it up! If you give it away, it will
have long-term benefits and happiness for you."

Venerable Ananda said to the World-Venerable [SN.35.85]: "It is called: 'The
world is emptiness, the world is emptiness,' Great Virtue! What situation is
called 'the world is emptiness?'" "Ananda! Because 'me' or what I am is
emptiness, so it is called 'the world is emptiness.' Ananda! What is emptiness
in me or what I am? Ananda! Eyes are empty in me or what I am, form... eye
awareness... eye contact..., in all happiness, suffering, or unpleasantness that
arises from this eye contact 'me' or 'my being' are empty; ear... sound...
smell... taste... body... touch.. mind... Dhamma... consciousness... intention
touch(??).... Ananda! Because 'I' or my being is empty, it is called 'The world
is empty.'"

"It's purely the arising of Dhamma, purely the continuation of actions,
For those who see it truthfully, village chief, he has no fear."
[Thag.715]
"The world is the same grass and trees; when seeing this with wisdom,
[Thag.716]
One will not expect anything else, at other junctions."

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.35.246]: "Similarly, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus
search for physicality until all the pleasures of physicality are reached;
search for feelings until all the pleasures of receiving are reached; explore
and think until all thoughts...; all the interesting places...; behaviors...;
...for knowledge until all the interesting places of consciousness are reached,
when he searches for the forms, until all the interesting places of the forms
are reached; exploring and receiving(??) I think... go... explore consciousness
until all the interesting places of consciousness are in time (??)." For whom
"I," "mine," or "I am" no longer exist.

"Please observe that the world is empty": The world is empty, please observe,
please examine, please see, please measure, please judge, please distinguish,
please figure out.

"Mogharāja! Always mindful": "Mogharāja," ... "Always," .... Mindful in four
ways: ....

"After removing the view of self": "The view of self" is known as the Twenty
Places of Seeing (personas??). Here, the ordinary people who have not heard of
the Holy One have never seen the saints, those who are not proficient in the
Dhamma, and have not been trained in the Dhamma; they have never seen the Dhamma
of good people, are unskilled in the Dhamma, and have not been trained in the
good Dhamma. They think that form is self, or I have form, or form is in me, or
I am in form, ...feeling..., ...thinking..., ...consciousness... [SN.22.1],
where such views, evil views, jungle (entangled) views, desert (barren) views,
distorted views, shaken views, and bound views, they hold, accept, cling to,
evil ways, evil path, evil nature, the place where the outer path rests, the
clasp of inversion (vipariyesa), the clasp of inversion (viparīta), the clasp of
inversion (vipallāsa), the clasp of evil, (seeing) as true the non-true, all
come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, this is seeing the view of self.
"After removing the view of self": After removal of the self-view, after
eradication, after disconnection, after pulling out, after complete removal,
after abandoning, after expelling, after finishing, making it go to
non-existence.

"In this way, you can overcome death": In this way, you can save yourself from
death, you can save yourself from aging, you can save yourself from death, you
can transcend, you can pass, you can surpass, you can overcome.

"Those who observe the world in this way": Those who observe, examine, measure,
judge, distinguish, and clarify the world in this way are those who observe the
world in this way.

"The king of death cannot see": Death is the king of death; demons are also the
king of death. "Invisible," to the king of death, invisible, unseen, unobtained,
not found, not gotten. This was said by the World-Honored One [MN.25]:

"Bhikkhus! Just like a deer living in the woods, walking with peace of mind when
walking in the woods and forests, standing with peace of mind, sitting with
peace of mind, lying with peace of mind, what is that? The reason? Bhikkhus!
That's a realm that violent people can't reach. Similarly, bhikkhus! Here, the
bhikkhus live in search and wait after entering after renunciation from desires
and unwholesome dhamma, and happiness and joy after being separated. First
jhāna, Bhikkhus! This is called the bhikkhu blinding the demon. After killing
the demon's eyes, the king of death enters a state of invisible and footless.

Besides, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus calm down with seeking and serving, confident, and one
mind. After entering, they live in the second jhāna where there is no seeking
and no serving, and concentration produces joy and happiness... the third
jhāna... after entering, dwell in neither suffering nor happiness, the fourth
jhāna from calm and chanting, bhikkhus! This is called the bhikkhu making the demon
blind. After killing the demon's eyes, the king of death enters a state of
invisible and footless.

Again, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus transcend all lusts and thoughts, with the extinction of
opposing thoughts, without thinking about all kinds of thoughts, (and know):
'Void is boundless,' after entering, live in the boundless void, bhikkhus! This is
called the bhikkhu making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, the king
of death enters a state of invisible and footless.

Besides, bhikkhus! After a Bhikkhu transcends all emptiness and boundlessness (and
knowledge): 'Consciousness is boundless,' after entering, live in the
boundlessness of consciousness....

Besides, bhikkhus! After a Bhikkhu transcends all the boundless places of
consciousness (and knows): 'There is nothing,' after entering, live in the
boundless places....

Besides, bhikkhus! After the bhikkhu transcends everything and nothingness, he enters
and lives in a place where there is neither perception nor non-perception.

Besides, bhikkhus! After the bhikkhu transcends all neither thinking nor non-thinking
things, he enters and stays in wanting to be destroyed. After seeing with
wisdom, his troubles are destroyed, bhikkhus! This is called the Bhikkhu blinding
the demon. After killing the demon's eyes, the king of death enters a state of
invisible and helplessness, letting go of his attachment to the world. He walks,
stands, sits, lies down in peace. What is the reason? The Bhikkhu is an
unreachable area for the king of death."

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
