### 15. Mogharāja

85. [Venerable Mogharāja like this:]  
I have asked Sakyamuni twice,  
But the all-seeing one did not answer me,  
I have heard that that on the third time,  
The divine rishi will answer.

"I asked Sakyamuni twice": The Brahman asked the Buddha and the Blessed One two
times, but the Blessed One did not answer the question he asked (thinking) "In
the middle, the roots of this Brahman will become familiar." "Sakyamuni"
...(omitted, see previous sections). "I asked Sakyamuni twice": "I inquired,
begged, requested, and asked to make it clear to Sakyamuni twice."

"[Like this Venerable Mogharāja]": ...(omitted).

"The all-seeing one did not answer me": "The one who has eyes did not answer
for me," did not answer, tell, explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover,
analyze, and clarify for me. Five eyes are those who have eyes: the naked eyes
are those who have eyes, the heavenly eyes are also those who have eyes, the
wise eyes are also those who have eyes, the eyes of Buddha are also those who
have eyes, and all eyes are also those who have eyes.

How does the Blessed One regard the naked eye as "having eyes?" There are five
colors in the eyes of the Blessed One: cyan, yellow, red, black, and white. The
(Blessed One's) eye hairs are blue, extremely blue, correct, beautiful, and
equivalent to flax, and the others are yellow, extremely yellow, golden, and
correct, beautiful, the equal of the flower of the bayur tree. The two eyes of
the Blessed One are red, extremely red, straight, beautiful, red as the insects
that come from the ground after the rain, and in the middle are black, extremely
black, not coarse, smooth, straight, beautiful, and moist. The outers are white,
extremely white, white, yellow-white, pleasing, beautiful, and equivalent to the
Osadhī star. With the naked eyes of the Blessed One which belonged to him
naturally having been born of previous good kamma, he sees everything in day and
night, when there are four branches of darkness: sunset, moonless night,
darkness of the heavy forest, the darkness of heavy clouds. Like this, when
there is the darkness of the four branches, he also sees everything in day and
night. There are no walls, or shutters, or fences, or mountains, or bushes, or
groves, which are obstacles to his vision of form. If a sesame is marked and put
into a cart full of sesame, he can select that sesame. In this way, the Blessed
One's natural naked eye is pure, and the Blessed One regards the naked eye as an
eye.

How does the Blessed One regard the Sky Eye as "the one with eyes?" With a pure
and transcendent celestial eye, the Blessed One sees that when all beings die
and pass away, they are inferior, triumphant, beautiful, ugly, fortunate, and
unfortunate, knowing that all beings flow according to their kamma: "These
beings and monarchs have body, evil, behavior, evil deeds, deeds of intention
and evil, rebuke the saints, wrong views and kamma of holding wrong views, they
have passed away after death to the suffering realm, evil interest, lower realm,
hell; or these beings, who have good deeds of body, good deeds of speech, do
good intentions, do not condemn the saints, and uphold the right view of the
kamma, they have passed away to the world of goodness and heaven after death by
disintegrating their bodies." In this way, with a pure and transcendent
celestial eye, he saw that when all beings died and passed away, in the
inferiority, victory, beauty, ugliness, fortune, and misfortune, he knew the
flow of all beings according to kamma. When he wants, the Blessed One can see
one world, two worlds, three worlds, four worlds, five worlds, and ten worlds.
Also, 20 world realms, 30 world realms, 40...,  50..., 100, these thousand small
worlds, two thousand middle world realms, as well as these three hundred
thousand great world realms [AN.3.81]. If he wants to, he can see it. In this
way, the Blessed One's heavenly eyes are all pure, and the Blessed One regards
the heavenly eyes as having eyes.

How does the Blessed One regard the wise eyes as the one with eyes? The Blessed
One is the great wisdom, broad wisdom, quick wisdom, sharp wisdom, piercing
wisdom, advising wisdom: those who are skillful, those who have developed
wisdom, those who have proved that they have reached the unimpeded, those who
have reached the four fearless ones, those who possess ten powers, those who are
like cows, those who are like lions, those who can have great wealth, those with
boundless wisdom, those with boundless brilliance, those with boundless fame,
the rich, the wealthy, the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the informer,
the one who makes it seen, the one who makes it visible, the one who makes it
clear, The Blessed One is indeed the founder of the unborn Path, the producer of
the unborn Path, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the Path, the
knower of the path, and, (His) disciples now live in the Path's accompaniment,
and will be the possessors in the future.

The Blessed One is indeed the knower and seer, who knows and sees; he is the one
who is born with eyes, born with wisdom, born with Dhamma, and born with Brahma;
he is an interpreter and promoter of righteousness, the immortal giver, Dhamma
King, Tathāgata; there is nothing that the Blessed One did not know, did not
see, did not testify (prove), did not touch with wisdom; the past, the future,
and the present came to the Buddha and the Buddha with all the deeds in the
field of wisdom, anyone with any name that should be guided to reason can know:
one's own righteousness or others' righteousness or both, or the righteousness
of the current life or the righteousness of the next life or both, or deep or
hidden, or should be guided to infer, or have been guided to determine, or no
fault or pollution, or clear or supreme interest, everything revolves in the
Buddha's wisdom.

All body kamma is transferred in the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One;
all language kamma...; all mental kamma...; the wisdom of the Buddha and the
Blessed One about the past is barrier-free; ..future...; ...present...; all that
should be guided to infer is the reach of wisdom; all wisdom is guided to be
inferred, and all that should be guided to be inferred is the ultimate wisdom;
the ultimate wisdom is what is guided to be deduced, and there is no wisdom
beyond what is guided to be deduced; there is no way to transcend the wisdom
that is guided and deduced. These dhammas live in mutual restriction, such as
two boxes, where the covers are completely in contact; the lower cover does not
go over the upper one, and the upper cover does not go over the lower one;
restricted to each other. (Similarly, ) All that should be guided.. (omitted);
these dhammas live in mutual restriction.

The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred in all the Dhamma,
all the Dhamma is the Buddha, the Blessed One's turning is to belong, the hope
is to belong, the intention is to belong, the mind is to arise, the wisdom of
the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred to all living beings, the Blessed
One knows the intentions of all living beings, knows the potential tendency of
troubles, ...the behavior, ...solution, about the less dusty, the more dusty;
the rooted, the dull rooted, the good deeds, the evil deeds, and the
teachability and unteachability of  beings; capable and incapable sentient
beings, including the world of heaven, demons, and Brahman; generations of
Samaṇa, Brahman, heaven, and man all revolve in the wisdom of Buddha.

If any fish, turtles, and even the big fish swallowing boats revolve in the sea,
the same, including the world of heaven, the world of demons, and the world of
Brahman; the generations including Samaṇa, brahman, heaven and man are all in
the Buddha Wisdom turned around. Such as any bird and even the gold-winged birds
were turning around in the field of space. In the same way, those who possess
the same wisdom as Sāriputta also revolve in the field of Buddha wisdom. The
wisdom of the Buddha is pervasive and transcends heaven and human.

Those wise khattiya, wise Brahmins, wise homeowners, wise Samaṇa, smart
dissidents, sharp breakers who want to do evil views with a wise attitude, they
prepare problems to be seen later; they saw the Tathāgata and asked about the
what is hidden and secret. Those questions were discussed and answered by the
Blessed One with reasons, but they abandoned those nearby and became the
(disciples) of the Blessed One. At that time, the Blessed One was there, shining
with wisdom. In this way, the Blessed One regards the insight as an eye.

How is it that the Buddha's eyes are "the one who as eyes?" When the Blessed One
observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with less dust and
more dust; those with roots and blunt roots; ...good deeds and evil deeds;
...easy to teach and difficult to teach; some of the sins and terrors of the
other worlds, others who do not live in seeing sin and terror in other worlds.
Just like in the green lotus pond, red lotus pond, and white lotus pond, some
green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water, rest on the surface
of the water, sink and grow underwater; some ...are born in the water and grow
in the water, and live on the same height (as the surface); some ...rise above
the water and live and dwell without being stained by water. Similarly, when the
Blessed One observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with
less dust and more dust; ... [DN.14]. The Blessed One knows: "This
person is a greedy person, this person is an abusive person, this person is a
foolish person, this person is a pathfinder, this person is a believer, and this
person is a wise person." The Blessed One speaks to the greedy people. The
Blessed One informs those who hate walkers of the practice of compassion. The
Blessed One makes them settled in recitation, questioning, hearing of the Dhamma
at the right time, discussion of the Dhamma at the time, and co-living with
teachers. The Blessed One informs the person who seeks the path. The Blessed One
tells those who believe in confidence: the good sense of Buddha, the good nature
of the Dhamma, the good practice of the Saṅgha and his precepts. The Blessed One
teaches Vipassanā to those who are wise practitioners: impermanence, suffering,
and non-self.

"If you stand on the top of a rocky mountain, you can see all the people,  
Similarly, those who are virtuous and all-eyed climbed up the tall building of Dhamma,  
Those who are gone away, looking at people who are in sorrow, conquered by birth and old age.  
Please get up! Heroes! Victors on the battlefield! Caravan leaders, debt-free
    people walk in the world,  
Blessed One! Please teach the Dhamma! There will be knowers."  
[DN.14]

The Buddha takes the eyes of the Buddha as an eye.

How does the Blessed One regard all eyes as having eyes? All eyes are called the
state all knowing wisdom. The Blessed One arrives (has), fully arrives (has),
enters, fully enters, has enough, has all the state wisdom of knowing.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world),  
There is no knowledge that cannot be known,  
He proves that everything that exists should be guided by inference,  
Because the Tathāgata, like that, is all-eyes."  
[Ps.1]

The Blessed One regards all eyes as having eyes like this.

"I have heard that on the third time, the divine rishi will answer": "On the
third time, the Buddha and the Dhamma master will answer the question asked,
which has not been answered." This was learned by me, understood and
distinguished by me, like this. "Divine rishi," The Blessed One is a divine
rishi. For example, A king who is a bhikkhu is called a king rishi; a brahman
who is a bhikkhu is called a Brahman rishi. Similarly, the Blessed One is a
divine rishi.

Or, "The Blessed One is a bhikkhu." is also a rishi; and the "seekers, and
pursuers of the Great Precepts" are the great rishis. ...of the great
concentration..., ...of the great liberation aggregate..., "the seeker and
pursuer of the Great Liberation of Wisdom and Insight" is the great rishi; the
fragments gathered by the dark..., the destruction of the great upside down...,
the pulling out of the big arrow of thirst..., the unraveling of the
accumulation of sight..., the lifting of the big conceit flag, ...the calming of
the great work..., the calming of the big storm..., the laying down of the heavy
burden..., the severance of the cycle of the great reincarnation..., the
disappearance of the great heat..., the cessation of the great heat..., "the
seeker and the pursuer who lifts the flag of Dhamma in his heart" become the
great rishi; the great minds..., the great exertion..., the great gods..., the
great roots..., the power..., the great enlightenment branches..., the big eight
branches of the holy path..., "the immortality of the great supreme benefit, the
seeker of Nibbāna, the pursuer" is great rishi; "Sought, pursued, and searched
for by powerful beings: Where is the Buddha? Where is the Blessed One? Where is
the god among the gods? Where is the bull king among people?"

86. This world, other worlds,  
The Brahman world, including the devas,  
I do not know your view,  
(The view) of the famous Gotama.

"This world, other worlds": "This world" is the human world. "Other worlds" are
all worlds except the human world.

"The Brahma world, including the gods": The world including the heavens,
demons, and Brahman; including the generations of Samaṇa, Brahman, heaven, and
man.

"Do not know what you see": The world does not know what you see, like,
hobbies, opinions, claims, intentions: "Those who don't see it, those who like
it so much, those who love it so much, those who advocate this, those who intend
to do so, those who intend to do so," don't know, don't see, don't get, can't
find, do not know.

"Well-known Gotama": The Blessed One is the gainer of fame. Or, the Blessed One
is the one who is respected, honored, revered, with clothes, food, shelter, the
needs of the sick, medical necessities.

87. To such a remarkable seer,  
The needy comes with a question:  
How does one observe the world,  
Such that the king of death can't see (him)?

"Such an excellent seer": Such an excellent seer, the first seer, the most
victorious seer, the extraordinary seer, the winning seer, the highest seer, the
supreme seer.

"The needy come with a question": ....

"How to observe the world": How to observe the world, the examiner, the
measurer, the judge, the distinguisher, the clarifier.

"The king of death can't see": Death King can't see, can't find, can't get.

88. (The Blessed One:) Please observe that the world is empty,  
Mogharāja, always mindfully.  
After removing the view of oneself,  
One can cross over death in this way.  
Those who observe the world like this  
Cannot be seen by the King of Death.

"Please observe that the world is empty": "the world," ...(omitted, see previous
sections), including the heavenly (world). A certain bhikkhu said to the Blessed
One [SN.35.82]: "Great Virtue! What is called 'World, the world,' Great Virtue!
What is called 'World?'" "Bhikkhu! 'Broken,' so it is called 'World.' And what
is 'broken?' Bhikkhu! Eye is broken, form is broken, eye consciousness is
broken, eye contact is broken, and all that arises from this eye contact is
either happiness or suffering, or neither suffering nor feeling is also broken.
Ear ...(omitted); smell ...; the body is broken, touch is broken...; Dhamma is
broken, consciousness is dissipated, and mental touch is dissipated. Any
happiness, suffering, or unpleasantness that arises from this mind is also
dissipated. Bhikkhu! 'Broken,' so it is called 'The world.'"

"Please observe that the world is empty": Observe that the world is empty for
two reasons: because of the consideration of not going on freely or the
consideration of being empty. How to observe that the world is empty due to the
consideration of not going on? The freedom in form cannot be obtained, the
freedom in reception cannot be obtained, ...in thinking..., ...in action..., and
the freedom in consciousness cannot be obtained. This was said by the Blessed
One [SN.22.59]:

"Bhikkhus! Form is without self. Bhikkhus! Because if this form is me, this form
will not cause disease, and will also be obtained in form: 'My form is like
this; my form, don't be like this.' But, bhikkhus! Because form is selfless,
therefore, form causes disease and cannot be obtained in form: 'My form should
be like this; my form should not be like this.'

Bhikkhus! Feeling is without self. Bhikkhus! Because....  
Bhikkhus! Thinking is without self. Bhikkhus! Because....  
Bhikkhus! Action is without self. Bhikkhus! Because....  
Bhikkhus! Consciousness is without self.. Bhikkhus! Because...."

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.12.37]: "Bhikkhus! This body is not yours,
nor other people's, bhikkhus! This is old kamma, which should be seen as being
made, created by thought, and can be felt. There, bhikkhus! There are the holy
disciples who have heard of the reason-based (dependent) origination: 'Like
this, when this exists, there is that; when this arises, that arises; when this
does not exist, there is no that; when this is extinguished, that is
extinguished; that is: ignorance is the condition for action; action is
conditional for knowledge; consciousness is conditional for name and form; with
mind and form as condition, there are six sense bases; there is contact with the
condition; the feeling with the contact; the thirst with the feeling; the taking
with the thirst; the taking with the condition; the living with the being; with
the living, predestined conditions arise from old age, death, sorrow,
bitterness, suffering, worry, and despair.' This is the collection of the entire
suffering.

When ignorance fades and perishes, choice ceases...(omitted); this is how the
mass of suffering is destroyed."

How can we make the observation that the world is empty? Solidity in form cannot
be obtained, solidity in feeling cannot be obtained, solidity in thinking cannot
be obtained, solidity in behavior cannot be obtained, and solidity in
consciousness cannot be obtained. That form is always solid, or pleasure is
solid, or "I" is solid, or constant, or eternal, or persistent, or with constant
change; feeling..., thinking...(omitted); such as the reed is not solid...,
castor-oil plant..., fig tree..., white reeds..., palash tree..., blisters...,
the flame of the sun..., the plantain trunk..., non-solid, leaving solid. In the
same way, form is not solid....

Or, observe that the world is empty for six reasons: the eyes are empty with me,
or with what we are, or with constancy, or with eternity, or with unchanging
methods; ears... (omitted); feeling...; thinking... ; doing... ; knowing... ;
Dhamma... ; form... ; sound... ; smell... ; taste... ; touch... ; dhamma...; eye
consciousness... ; consciousness... ; eye touch... ; consciousness...; eye
contact and sound...; mental touch and sound... ; form thinking... ; dhamma
thinking... ; form cognition... ; dhamma cognition... ; the craving for form...
; ...craving for dhammas....

Or, observe that the world is empty for ten reasons: physicality is renounced,
vain, empty, selfless, false, executed, nothingness, unlucky root, troublesome,
producing, conditioned; feeling..., thinking..., being..., knowing..., death...,
being born..., existence..., revolving..., reincarnation....

Or, observe that the world is empty for twelve reasons: form is not a living
being, not a life, not a human being, not a student Brahman, not a woman, not a
man, not the real self, not what we are, not me, not mine, not anyone, not of
anyone; feeling..., thinking..., action..., consciousness....

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.22.33]: "Bhikkhus! Whatever is not you, you
must give up! If you give up it, it will be of long-term benefit and happiness
for you. And, bhikkhus! What is not yours? Bhikkhus! What is not yours, you let
it go! Let it go, it will have long-term benefits and happiness for you;
accept..., think..., do it..., if they don't know you, let it go! Let it go,
.... Bhikkhus! What do you think in this forest, people will take away grass,
fuel wood, branches, leaves, or burn it, or do what he wants, you will think
like this: 'People take us, or burn it, or do what he wants?' 'No, Great Virtue!
What's the reason for that? Great Virtue! Because this is not me, nor what I
belong to.' 'Similarly, Bhikkhus! Whatever is not yours, you must give up! Give
it away, .... And, bhikkhus! What is not yours? ....'"

Venerable Ānanda said to the World-Venerable [SN.35.85]: "It is called: 'The
world is emptiness, the world is emptiness,' Great Virtue! What situation is
called 'the world is emptiness?'" "Ānanda, because 'me' or 'what I am' is
emptiness, so it is called 'the world is emptiness.' Ānanda, what is emptiness
in 'me' or 'what I am?' Ānanda, eyes are empty in me or what I am, form..., eye
consciousness..., eye contact..., in all happiness, suffering, or unpleasantness
that arises from this eye contact, 'me' or 'my being' are empty; ear...,
sound... smell..., taste..., body..., touch..., mind..., dhamma...,
consciousness..., intention...; Ānanda, because 'I' or 'my being' is empty, it
is called 'The world is empty.'"

"It's purely the arising of Dhamma, purely the continuation of actions,  
For those who see it truthfully, village chief, he has no fear."  
[Thag.715]  
"The world is the same grass and trees; when seeing this with wisdom,  
[Thag.716]  
One will not expect anything else, at other junctions."

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.35.246]: "Similarly, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus
search for form anywhere it may be reborn; ...feelings...; ...perceptions...;
...choices...; ...behaviors..; ...consciousness...; when he searches for forms
in this way, thoughts of 'I,' 'mine,' or 'I am' no longer exist...;
...feelings... (omitted)."

"Please observe that the world is empty": The world is empty, please observe,
please examine, please see, please measure, please judge, please distinguish,
please figure out.

"Mogharāja! Always mindful": "Mogharāja," ... "Always," .... Mindful in four
ways: ....

"After removing the view of self": "The view of self" is known as the twenty
grounds of seeing. Here, the ordinary people who have not heard of the Holy One
have never seen the saints, those who are not proficient in the Dhamma, and have
not been trained in the Dhamma; they have never seen the Dhamma of good people,
are unskilled in the Dhamma, and have not been trained in the good Dhamma. They
think that form is self, or I have form, or form is in me, or I am in form,
...feeling..., ...thinking..., ...consciousness... [SN.22.1], where such views,
evil views, jungle (entangled) views, desert (barren) views, distorted views,
shaken views, and bound views, they hold, accept, cling to, evil ways, evil
path, evil nature, the place where the outer path rests, the clasp of inversion
(vipariyesa), the clasp of inversion (viparīta), the clasp of inversion
(vipallāsa), the clasp of evil, (seeing) as true the non-true, all come to the
reach of the sixty-two evil views, this is seeing the view of self. "After
removing the view of self": After removal of the self-view, after eradication,
after disconnection, after pulling out, after complete removal, after
abandoning, after expelling, after finishing, making it go to non-existence.

"In this way, you can overcome death": In this way, you can save yourself from
death, you can save yourself from aging, you can save yourself from death, you
can transcend, you can pass, you can surpass, you can overcome.

"Those who observe the world in this way": Those who observe, examine, measure,
judge, distinguish, and clarify the world in this way are those who observe the
world in this way.

"The king of death cannot see": Death is the king of death; demons are also the
king of death. "Invisible," to the king of death, invisible, unseen, unobtained,
not found, not gotten. This was said by the Blessed One [MN.25]:

"Bhikkhus! Just like a deer living in the woods, walking with peace of mind when
walking in the woods and forests, standing with peace of mind, sitting with
peace of mind, lying with peace of mind, what is that? The reason? Bhikkhus!
That's a realm that violent people can't reach. Similarly, bhikkhus! Here, the
bhikkhus live in search and wait after entering after renunciation from desires
and unwholesome dhamma, and happiness and joy after being separated. First
jhāna, Bhikkhus! This is called the bhikkhu blinding the demon. After killing
the demon's eyes, the demon enters a state of not seeing and footlessness
(misfortune).

Besides, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus calm down with seeking and serving, confident, and one
mind. After entering, they live in the second jhāna where there is no seeking
and no serving, and concentration produces joy and happiness... the third
jhāna... after entering, dwell in neither suffering nor happiness, the fourth
jhāna from calm and chanting, bhikkhus! This is called the bhikkhu making the demon
blind. After killing the demon's eyes, ....

Again, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus transcend all lusts and thoughts, with the extinction of
opposing thoughts, without thinking about all kinds of thoughts, (and know):
'Void is boundless,' after entering, live in the boundless void, bhikkhus! This is
called the bhikkhu making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, ....

Besides, bhikkhus! After a Bhikkhu transcends all emptiness and boundlessness (and
knowledge): 'Consciousness is boundless,' after entering, live in the
boundlessness of consciousness....

Besides, bhikkhus! After a Bhikkhu transcends all the boundless places of
consciousness (and knows): 'There is nothing,' after entering, live in the
boundless places....

Besides, bhikkhus! After the bhikkhu transcends everything and nothingness, he enters
and lives in a place where there is neither perception nor non-perception.

Besides, bhikkhus! After the bhikkhu transcends all neither thinking nor
non-thinking things, he enters and stays in wanting to be destroyed. After
seeing with wisdom, his troubles are destroyed, bhikkhus! This is called the
Bhikkhu blinding the demon. After killing the demon's eyes, the demon enters a
state of not seeing and footlessness, letting go of his attachment to the world.
He walks, stands, sits, lies down in peace. What is the reason? The Bhikkhu is
an unreachable area for the demon."

---

At the end of these verses... "The Blessed One is my teacher, I am a disciple."

\newpage
