### 17. Extolling the Way to the Far Shore

(Chapter title abbreviated; the full title is _Explanation of the Verses
Extolling the Way to the Far Shore_.)

> 93 &middot; The Blessed One said this,  
When he lived in the Pāsānạka Cetiya (Rock Temple) in Magadha.  
To the sixteen Brāhmaṇas who served Bāvari,  
He answered the questions of those who asked one by one.

"The Blessed One said this": Speaking of the way to the far shore. "The Blessed
One" is synonymous with respect. In addition, the "greed breaker" is the Blessed
One; the "sickness destroyer" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed
conceit" is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the
Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the pollutants" is Blessed One; "the one
who has ended" is the Blessed One; "the one who has practiced the body, the
precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed One; or "the Blessed One is
close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting place), where
speaking is lessened, it is quiet, away from the human atmosphere, alone, and
suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or "the Blessed One is the one
who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of patients, and medical
necessities"; or "the Blessed One is the one who has the taste of righteousness,
the taste of Dhamma, the taste of liberation, the increased precepts, the mind,
and the wisdom"; or "the Blessed One is the four kinds of jhāna, the four
immeasurables, the four formlessness, etc., the one who divides is the Blessed
One"; or the Blessed One is the one who has the eighth liberation, the eight
victories, the ninth dwelling place, etc.; or the Blessed One is the practice of
ten thoughts, (ten) abidings, the one who (observes) the in and out of breath;
the one who is purely divided is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One divides the
four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four divine bases (iddhipāda), the
five faculties, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight
branches of the holy path; or the Blessed One is ten Tathāgata, four
fearlessness, four unobstructed solutions, six supernatural powers and the six
enlightenment methods. "Blessed One," this name is not given by the mother; not
given by the father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not given by
friends; not given by relatives; not given by Samaṇas or Brāhmaṇas; not given by
heaven; it is ultimate liberation; the establishment (of the pseudonym) for the
acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree,
and all knowledge and wisdom, that is, the Blessed One. The Blessed One said
this.

"Living in Magadha," when living in the kingdom of Magadha, acting, going on,
guarding, and surviving. "When the Buddha lived at the Rock Temple," Buddha
living at the Rock Temple is called the Buddha being seated there.

"To the sixteen Brāhmaṇas who serve": Brāhmaṇas of Piṅgiya are the followers,
attendants, servants, and disciples of Bāvari, and Piṅgiya and those are
sixteen. Or, those sixteen Brāhmaṇas are followers, attendants, servants, and
disciples of the Buddha, the Blessed One.

"He answered the questions requested and questioned, one by one": "Requested,"
sought, desired. "All asked," All questioned one by one; all asked one by one;
all one by one begged; all requested; all asked to be made clear. "He answered
the questions," he answered, explained, taught, informed, established,
uncovered, analyzed, clarified the problem.

> 94 &middot; After one understands the answers to the questions one after another,  
Knowing the Dhamma, he can follow and practice it,  
He can go to the other side of old age and death;  
"These Dhammas lead to the other shore."  
Therefore, the name of the teachings of these Dhammas  
Is "the way to the far shore (Pārāyana)."

"As there is a question": As there are more questions from Ajita, as there are
more questions from Tissa Metteya, one question from Punṇạka and Mettagū, as
there are also questions from Dhotaka, I also deal with the problems of Upasīva,
Nanda and Hemaka, as I also deal with the problems of Todeyya, and as I also
deal with the two questions of Kappa, they are the same with the virtuous
Jatukanṇị̄. As it is also a question from Bhadrāvudha, as it is also a question
from Udaya, as it is also a question from Posāla, as it is also a question from
Mogharāja, as it is also a question from Piṅgiya.

"After knowing the reason, after knowing the Dhamma": The question is the of
Dhamma, and the answer is the truth. After knowing the reason, after
understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying. "After knowing the Dhamma," after knowing the Dhamma, after
understanding, .... In order to know the truth, after knowing the Dhamma. "Able
to follow the Dhamma and practice": The correct way, following the way, the way
that is not reversed, the way that has no contradiction, such as the meaning of
the way, the way he can implement.

"He can walk to the other shore of age and death": The other shore of age and
death is called non-living, Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the
cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, annihilation,
and Nibbāna. "He can walk to the other shore of age and death": He can walk to
the other shore of age and death, can prove the other shore, can touch the other
shore, and can testify to the other shore.

"These Dhammas can go to the other shore": These Dhammas can go to the other
shore, they make one to reach the other shore, reach the other shore completely,
and they lead to the death of age and death.

"Therefore the teachings of these Dhammas": "Therefore," the reason, the
condition, the cause, when you see this fault in the attachment. "The teaching
of these Dhammas is for this way to the far shore." For this reason these
dhammas are taught. "Synonymously with 'the way to the far shore'": The far
shore is called non-living, Nibbāna.... This is called the Path, that is: right
view.... "Synonym": name, appellation, common name, naming, vocabulary, phrase.
Synonymous with "the way to the far shore."

> 95 &middot; Ajita, Tissa Metteya, Punṇạka and Mettagū,  
as well as Dhotaka, Upasīva, Nanda and Hemaka,

> 96 &middot; Todeyya and Kappa, and the virtuous Jatukanṇị̄,  
As well as Bhadrāvudha, Udaya, and the Brāhmaṇa Posāla,  
The clever Mogharāja, with the great rishi Piṅgiya.

> 97 &middot; They approach the enlightened one,  
The great rishi with excellent deeds,  
Asking subtle questions,  
Approaching the victorious one.

"They approach to the enlightened one": "They," sixteen Brāhmaṇas, for the way
to the far shore. "Enlightened One" that is the one who has enlightened the
truth in the Dhamma that has not been heard before, and reaches the state of all
knowing there, and the state of freedom in strength. What does "enlightened one"
mean to be an enlightened one? "The one who feels the truth" is the enlightened
one, the "makes the living being aware"..., the state of all knowing..., the
state of all seeing, and the state that is not guided by others is the
enlightened. Those who have flowed out are the enlightened ones, those who have
exhausted their troubles are given names as enlightened ones, those who have no
troubles..., those who have always been free from greed are enlightened, and
those who have always been free from hatred. For the enlightened person, "the
one who has always been away from ignorance" is the enlightened person, "the one
who has always been free from pollution"..., the one who has crossed the road
without crossroads..., and the one who has been alone is enlightened without
(having been instructed). For the enlightened person, the state of not being
killed is the enlightened person, and the state of being enlightened is the
enlightened person. "Enlightened person," this name is not given (made) by the
mother, not given by the father, not ...by the brothers, ...sisters, ...friends,
relatives; Samaṇas or Brāhmaṇas; not given my heaven, this is ultimate
liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) of the acquisition and testimony of
the Buddha, the Blessed One, and the Bodhi tree, together with all knowledge and
wisdom, is the enlightened one. "They approach the enlightened one": They
approach, see, visit, ask, and question the enlightened one.

"The rishi with sufficient action": The action is called the arising of the vow,
and the self-control of the vow is action; the self-control of the root is also
action; it is also action to know the right amount of diet; it is also action to
specialize in sobriety; the seven principles [MN.53] are also action; the four
meditations are also actions. "Those with sufficient actions," those with
sufficient actions, the best actions, the highest actions, the first actions,
the winning actions, and the top actions. "The rishi," ...(omitted, see previous
sections).

"Asking subtle questions": "Asking," inquiring, begging, asking; making it
clear. "Subtle questions," deep, hard to see, hard to follow, and silent,
triumphant, non-theoretical, delicate, and experienced by the wise.

"Close to the most victorious Enlightened One": "Enlightened One," That is the
Blessed One.... "The most victorious," the first, the most victorious, the
great, the superior, the highest, the most winning, the top enlightened one,
they approach, come close to, meet, visit, inquire, and ask.

> 98 &middot; The enlightened person thoroughly answered for them,  
The questions asked, truthfully,  
With answers to the questions,  
Muni satisfied the Brāhmaṇas.

"The Enlightened One provides a thorough answer for them": "For them," for the
sixteen Brāhmaṇas, of the way to the far shore. "The Enlightened One," ....
"Thorough answers," the enlightened one thoroughly answers, explains, teaches,
informs, establishes, uncovers, analyzes, and clarifies for them.

"Questions asked, truthfully": "Questions asked," questions asked, questioned,
begged, requested, and made clear. "As they are," explain like that as it should
be explained; teach like that as it should be taught; tell like that as it
should be told; build like that as it should be built; uncover like that as it
should be uncovered; unfold like that as it should be unfolded; parse like that
as it should be parsed; clarify like that as it should be clarified; what should
be stated is stated like that.

"To answer questions": To answer questions, explain, teach, inform, establish,
uncover, analyze, and clarify.

'Muni satisfied the Brāhmaṇas": "Satisfy," make satisfaction, expand
satisfaction, make clear, make joy, and produce pleasure. "Brāhmaṇas," ....
"Muni"...(omitted, see previous sections).

> 99 &middot; They, satisfied by the all-seeing one,  
The enlightened, he of the sun tribe,  
Lived a spiritual life in front of the noble and wise.

"They are satisfied by the all-seeing one": "They," ... "Satisfied," ....
"All-seeing," all-eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom. The Blessed
One has the state of intelligence, of fully having, entering, fully entering,
sufficiently having, having all the knowledge.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world),  
There is no knowledge that cannot be known,  
He proves that everything that exists should be guided by inference,  
Because the Tathāgata, like that, is all-eyes."  
[Ps.1]

"The enlightened person, the person of the sun tribe": "The enlightened person,"
.... "Sun tribe": Sun (ādicco) is called the sun (sūriyo), his surname is
Gotama, the Blessed One is also a surnamed Gotama, the Blessed One is a relative
of the sun surname, so the enlightened person is a member of the sun tribe.

"Live a spiritual life (doing Brahma)": Brahma is called separation, abstinence,
withdrawal, renunciation, detachment, no action, no misdeed, no offense, no
transgression, no destruction of the bridge Or, because there is no difference,
the Brahma is called the eight noble paths, namely: right view, right will,
right speech, right kamma, right life, right effort, right thought, right
concentration. "They do Brahma": They do, practice, and turn to Brahma after
acceptance.

"In front of the noble and wise": The noble and the first, the most wise, the
supremely wise, the uppermost wise, the highest wise, the top wise. "In front,"
in front, not far, near.

> 100 &middot; One by one questions,  
As taught by the enlightened person,  
Anyone who can practice like that  
Can walk from this shore to the other shore.

"One by one questions": One by one questions by Ajita, ...(omitted), ...by
Piṅgiya.

"As taught by the enlightened person": "Enlightened one," .... As explained,
taught, ...by the enlightened person.

"Anyone who can practice like that": He can practice the right way, follow the
way, the way that is not opposite, the way of righteousness, and the way of the
Dhamma.

"Able to walk from this shore to the other shore": The other shore is called
non-living, Nibbāna...; this shore is called pollution, aggregates, and
creations. "Can walk from this shore to the other shore": He can walk from this
shore to the other shore, can prove to the other shore, touch the other shore,
and testify to the other shore.

> 101 &middot; Able to walk from this shore to the other shore,  
When practicing the highest way,  
That way is to lead to the far shore,  
So like this it is called the "way to the far shore."

"Able to walk from this shore to the other shore": ....

"When practicing the highest path": The highest path is called the eight holy
paths, namely: right view.... "When practicing," when practicing, when
practicing fully.

"That way is to reach the far shore": the way, path, road, path, walkway, with
boats, ferry bridges, rafts, bamboo rafts, and bridges.

"In order to reach the far shore," in order to reach the far shore, in order to
reach the other shore, in order to completely reach the end of old age and
death.

"Like this, therefore, it is called the 'way to the far shore'": "Therefore,"
.... The other side is called non-living, Nibbāna.... "Like this," .... For it
is like this, therefore it is 'the way to to the far shore.'

\newpage
