## Explanation of the Rhinoceros Sutta

\newpage

### First Chapter

(I have chosen to use the term "Rhinoceros" rather than "Rhinoceros Horn;" there
is some debate about this, but a decision had to be made one way or the other.
The message in the verses is the same either way.)

> 121 &middot; After putting down the rod against all living things,  
Hurting none of them,  
You shouldn't want a son, much less a companion;  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"After putting down the rod against all living things": "All things," all
completely, completely in every aspect, without surplus, and the whole, this is
the word of ubiquity, which is "everything." "Students" are called the weak and
the strong. The "cowards" belong to those who tremble and those who have not
been cut off in their thirst, as well as those who are terrified and afraid of
not being cut off. For what reason are they called the cowards? They tremble,
have fear, terror, come to fear, and for this reason they are called cowards.
"Strong ones" belong to those who have been cut off from trembling and thirst,
and those who have been cut off from fear and terror. For what reason are they
called the strong? They do not tremble, have fear, terror, or come to fear, and
for this reason they are called strong. "Rods," there are three kinds of rods:
body rods, speech rods, and mind rods. There are three kinds of rods for the
body, four kinds of rods for evil acts and three kinds of rods for evil
intentions.

"Hurting none of them": The life of each sentient being will not be injured by
clods, or sticks, or swords, or chains, or ropes. Do not use mud or sticks or
rods or swords or chains or ropes on any living beings.

"Should not want a son, much less other companions" "No" is negative. "Sons,"
there are four kinds of sons: sons born to oneself, sons born in the field,
adopted sons, and apprentices. "Companion," with whomever one has a happy
relationship, a happy coming, a happy communication, a happy standing, a happy
sitting, a happy lying, a happy talking, a happy conversation, a happy talking,
a happy interlocutor is called a companion. "You shouldn't want sons, much less
companions": A son, you shouldn't want, accept, hope, or pray for;
acquaintances, you shouldn't ....; or a close person, or a companion.

"One should walk alone like a rhinoceros": "Alone," the alone-enlightened person
is alone having become a bhikkhu, alone in the righteousness without a partner,
alone in the righteousness of the thirst for love, "always free from greed" is
alone, "always free from anger" is alone, "always free from delusion" is alone,
"always free from defilement" is alone, "having passed the road without forks"
is alone, "already realized the highest self-enlightenment" is alone.

How is that alone-enlightened person alone having become a bhikkhu? After the
alone-enlightened person cut off all obstacles to home, after cutting off the
obstacles of children and wife, ...of relatives, ...of friends, of storage,
shaves off his hair, after being wrapped in robes, he went from being a bhikkhu
at home to a non-house life, and after entering a state of nothingness, he
walked, lived, moved, went on, guarded, and survived.

How is it that the alone-enlightened person who is alone without a partner? When
he was such a bhikkhu, he was alone in the woods, wild forests, and border
dwellings (sitting places): quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone,
suitable for sitting alone; he would walk alone, stand alone, sit alone, lie
alone, enter the village alone for alms, go forward alone, return alone, sit
alone in a quiet place, perform alone, walk alone, live, move, go on, guard, and
survive alone.

How is the alone-enlightened person in the thirst for love and righteousness as
alone? He is so alone and without a partner, he should live in reluctance, zeal,
self-effort, great diligence, and diligence, after destroying the demon
accompanied by the army, the evil demon, the relatives of the liberated, the
net, the strong mobile, abandoning the entangled thirsty love, driving away,
making to end, making it go to non-existence.

"People who have thirsty love as their partner,  
Reincarnate for a long time,  
Become such a state, other states,  
Do not go beyond reincarnation.  
Knowing this kind of trouble:  
Craving is the origin of suffering,  
Departing from thirsty love, without taking,  
Bhikkhus should march mindfully."  
[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746]

How can the one who is alone in enlightenment consider always free from greed as
alone? "Take one of the states of greed to renounce greed" as being alone, to
renounce greed in one of the states is aloneness, one of the states of
renunciation of ignorance is to be alone, and one of the state of renunciation
of ignorance is to be alone.

How is that alone-enlightened person has crossed the road without fork as alone?
The path without a fork is called the four mindfulnesses, the four
righteousnesses, the four divine bases, the five senses, the five powers, the
seven enlightenment factors, and the eight sacred paths.

"The one who sees the death of life (rebirth), the compassionate one,  
Who knows the way without forks,  
Using this way, they crossed torrents in the past,  
Will cross (in the future), and are (crossing) in the present."  
[SN.47.18]

How is that alone-enlightened person has been enlightened alone, the supreme
independent enlightenment as alone? Enlightenment is called wisdom, root of
wisdom, power of wisdom, investigation, vipassanā, and right view in the four
realms. The one who is enlightened independently by the way, enlightened by the
Path, and enlightened with the wisdom, alone, feels that "all actions are
impermanent," that "all actions are suffering," that "all dhammas are selfless,"
that "knowledge is dependent on deeds," that "knowledge is a dependency for name
and form," that "touch is based on six sense bases," that "feeling is based on
touch," "feeling is a dependency for thirst for love," "thirst and love ...for
grasping;" "grasping ...for existence," " existence (becoming) ...for birth,"
"birth ...for old age and death;" "the extinguishment of ignorance"..., of
formation, ...of consciousness, ...of name and form..., (omitted);" "this is
suffering," ..."this is the collection of suffering," "this is the extinguishing
of suffering," this is the path leading to suffering, "these are troubles,"
"this is the collection of troubles," "this is the path leading to troubles,"
"these dhammas should be known," "these dhammas should be cut off," "these
dhammas should be testified to," "these dhammas should be practiced;" felt the
gathering, destruction, pleasure, trouble, and renunciation of the six touches;
the gathering of the abundance...; the gathering of perception, the extinction,
the pleasure, the trouble, and the renunciation.

Or, where (any) should be felt, should be conscious, should be awakened, should
be enlightened, should be proven, should be touched, should be testified,
everything is subject to that alone, awareness, awakening, enlightenment,
attainment, touch (contact), and testimony. In this way, the one who has been
enlightened alone is alone.

"Should do," there are eight types of behaviors: prestige behaviors, conduct
behaviors, mindful behaviors, fixed behaviors, wisdom behaviors, Path, reaching,
and world benefits. "Behavior" is about the four behaviors, "walking" is about
the six inner and outer regions, "mindfulness" is about the four mindfulnesses,
"meditation" is about the four kinds of jhāna, and "wisdom" is about the four
noble truths. "The Path" refers to the Four Noble Ways, "reaching" refers to the
Four Samaṇa Fruits, and "world benefits" refers to the Tathāgata, Arahants,
fully enlightened ones, alone-enlightened ones, and disciples. The act of
conduct belong to those who have sufficient vows, behavior belongs to those who
guard the roots, mindfulness and behavior belong to those who do not let go,
fixed behavior belongs to those who strive to increase the mind, and wisdom and
behavior belong to those who have enough. For those who do, the Path belongs to
the righteous person, the attainment action belongs to the attained person, and
the world-benefit actions belong to the Tathāgata, the Arahant, the Enlightened
One, and the disciples of the Enlightened One.

The next eight types of behavior: the victorious (who overcome the problems)
will act with faith, those who strive with vitality will act with their
vitality, those who make it appear will act with thoughts, those who establish
(do) do not distract will act with determination, those who know will act with
wisdom, the one who knows to walk with the act of knowledge, In this way, the
one who walks in the way makes all the good dhamma survive. "Walking in order to
walk," in this way those who walk the way reach excellence.

The next eight types of behavior: the seeing behavior of the righteous person,
the (heart-)oriented behavior of the righteous person, the taking and receiving
behavior of the righteous person, the innocent behavior of the righteous person,
the hard working behavior of the righteous person, the present action of the
mindful person, the non-scattering action of the right minded person [Ps.1,12].

"Like a rhinoceros," the rhinoceros is truly unique. In the same way, the one
who is enlightened alone is like that one, equivalent to that one, and
contrasting to that one. If it is too salty, it is called salty, if it is too
bitter, it is called bitterness, if it is too sweet, it is called like honey, if
it is too hot, it is called like fire, if it is too cold, it is called like ice,
and disciples who reach great supernatural power are called as a master.
Similarly, the alone-enlightened person is there like that one, equal to that,
contrasted to that, alone without partner (no duality), free from bondage, and
he walks, lives, and acts correctly in the world, guards, makes survival.

> 122 &middot; From connections formed arises love (affection),  
And from love arises suffering,  
Watching the trouble arising from affection,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"The connection that arises generates love": "Connection," there are two kinds
of connection: the connection of seeing and the connection of hearing. What is
the connection of seeing? Here, a certain type of people see the upright,
beautiful, and beloved women and girls with the most beautiful face like a
lotus. After seeing them, they mentally arise (thoughts of): "Hair, or a
beautiful face, or good eyes, or good ears, ...nose, lips, teeth, mouth, neck,
breasts, chest, abdomen, waist, thigh, calf, palm, sole, finger, nail, etc., all
beautiful and good." After seeing, rejoicing, welcoming, hoping, making it
arise, following the bondage of greed, this is the connection of seeing.

What is the connection of hearing? Here, a certain type of people heard: "In a
village or town with a name like that, there are women or girls who are upright,
beautiful, and beloved, with the most beautiful face like a lotus." After
hearing it, they were happy, welcome, and hopeful, making it arise, following
the bondage of greed, this is the connection of hearing.

"Love," there are two kinds of love: the love of thirsting and the love of
seeing (views). What is love of love? All are called boundaries, realms, scopes,
borders, grasped, and regarded as one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so many
are mine, this area is mine; (my) form, sound, smell, taste, touch, things
spread on the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens
and pigs, elephants, cows and horses, mules, fields, homesteads, gold, gold
coins, villages, towns, capitals, places, treasuries, warehouses, all the land,
because they are thirsty and regard them as their own, all one-hundred-and-eight
thirsty trends [AN.4.199]; this is the love of love.

What is the love of seeing (views)? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil
views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle (entangled)
views, desert (barren) views, distorted views, shaken views, clinging,
acceptance, holding, clinging to the bound view, the place where the evil way,
the evil nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion
(vipariyesa), the clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion
(vipallāsa), the grip of evil, the grip of "(seeing) the real in the unreal,"
all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, this is the love of seeing.

"From the connection arises love": The love that craves and the love that sees
are generated, arise, are born, are produced, and appear with the connection of
seeing and the connection of hearing.

"The suffering of love arises": "Love," there are two kinds of love....
"Suffering arises." Here, a certain type of person practices evil deeds of the
body, evil deeds in word, and evil deeds in intention. He kills, takes without
giving, invades others, takes prey (loots), blocks roads, robs, and abducts
wives. Speaking vainly, after he was captured, they went to see the king: "Your
Majesty! This is a thief, a criminal, let you punish this (with a) sentence."
The king rebuked him, and he took blame for it, causing terror to arise, he,
feeling suffering, sorrow, where does this horror, suffering, and sorrow arise?
It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.

The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imprisoned him with
handcuffs, or with ropes, or with fetters, or with vines, or with kudzu vines,
or by throwing into chains, or by fences, or by binding to the village, town,
city, country, or to the place, and it is even declared: "You must not walk away
from here." He also feels suffering and sorrow by the bondage, where does this
horror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed,
joy and greed.

The king is not satisfied with this situation. The king will transport his
property from him: hundreds or thousands or one hundred thousand (money). He
also feels suffering and sorrow due to the loss of property....

The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imposed various
penalties on him: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with a cane, cutting
off hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears and nose, and imposing sour
porridge pot punishment, shell-bald punishment, Rāhu's mouth punishment, fire
torture, candle hand punishment, exorcism, bark clothing punishment, antelope
punishment, hook flesh punishment, money punishment, alkaline bath punishment,
twisted door lock punishment, straw foot pedal punishment, drenching with hot
oil, making the dog bite, making a piercing while alive, beheading with a sword;
he also feels suffering and sorrow due to punishment.... The king is the master
of these four types of staff (rod punishment).

With his own work and the disintegration of his body, he was reborn in the world
of suffering, evil, lower world, and hell after death. The jailers imposed five
types of punishment on him: they made the red hot iron rod pass through the
(first) palm, and they made the red hot iron rod pass through the (second) palm.
After the second palm, they passed the red hot iron rod through the (first) sole
of the foot, they passed the red hot iron rod through the second sole of the
foot, and they passed the red hot iron rod through the chest in the middle. He
felt bitter, fierce, violent, [MN.129], pungent feelings, and he would not die
until the evil kamma was eliminated. Where did this terror, suffering, and
sorrow arise? ....

After the jailers lay him down, they cut him with an axe... (omitted) after the
jailers grabbed him under their feet, they cut him with a small axe..., the
jailers harnessed him on the cart and set him on fire, so he was ignited in a
burning, glorious fire, ..., the jailers made him climb up and down the burning,
shining charcoal volcano..., after the jailers caught him up and down, they
threw them into the hot, blazing, burning, red-glowing copper pot; he was boiled
with foam there, and he rose up once, sunk once, and moved across once. He felt
bitter.... (Where did this terror, suffering, and sorrow arise? .... The jailers
threw him into the great hell, and in the great hell:)

"There are four doors in the four corners, divided into equal parts,  
Surrounded by iron walls, and the top is covered by iron.  
The earth is made of iron, and it shines with the burning of fire,  
All around for a hundred yojanas, always pervading and abiding.  
The miserable burning is terrible, the brilliant flames are hard to approach,  
Hair visibly standing on end due to the horror of suffering.  
From the east wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the west.  
From the west wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the east.  
From the north wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the south.  
From the south wall, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the north.  
From below, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the roof.  
From above, a mass of fire originates,  
Burning those with evil kamma, striking against the ground.  
Blazing iron, sorrow like being burned,  
Just so this great hell is seen from above and below.  
There beings are very cruel, those who have done great crimes,  
Perpetual evildoers, tortured without dying.  
The body is like fire, that of the dweller in this hell,  
The one with steady kamma, the fire has neither ashes nor soot.  
They run to the east, and from there to the west;  
The run to the north, and from there to the south;  
Everywhere they run, the doors are shut,  
The want to go forth, they seek for release.  
They can't go forth from there, they obtain this by means of kamma,  
For those evildoers, their abundant kamma is not yet fully ripe."

Where did this terror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love,
happiness, greed, joy and greed.

Again, all the suffering of hell, the suffering of the animal world, the
suffering of the hungry ghost world, the suffering of humans, where those are
arising, where are they produced, where did it happen, where was born, where did
it appear, be arisen? It is produced, arises, is born, is generated, arises with
his love as a condition, happiness as condition, greed as condition, joy and
greed as condition.

"Watching the troubles of love": "Love," .... "Watching the troubles of love":
The troubles of the love of love and the love of seeing, he watched, saw,
contemplated, and observed.

> 123 &middot; Those who pity friends and confidantes,  
With the heart bound (attached), lose their own interests,  
Watching this danger in intimate interaction,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Pity for friends and confidantes will cause you to lose your own interests and
be constrained": "Friends," there are two kinds of friends: friends at home and
friends (away) from home (monastics). What is a friend at home? Here, a certain
category of people give what is hard to give, charity, do what is hard to do,
forgive (tolerate) what is hard to forgive, he tells (you his) secret, keeps
(your) secret, and never forsakes you in disasters, he is the one who would give
his life for (you) [DN.31], he does not contempt when (you) are exhausted, this
is a friend at home.

What is a friend (away) from home (monastic)? Here, the bhikkhu is lovable,
agreeable, respectable, admirable, an interpreter, tolerant of other people's
words, and an esoteric talker (leader). He does not encourage [AN.7.37] and
persuade on non-increasing precepts. He persuades him in the four-mindfulness
practice effort, in ...(omitted) the eight sacred paths of practice, this is a
'friend (away) from home.'

Those with whom one is happy to go, happy to come (, happy to come and go),
happy to stand, happy to sit, happy lying, happy talking, happy conversation,
happy talk, happy interlocutors are called a confidant.

"Pity a friend, a confidant; lose in your own interest." A friend, a confidant,
an acquaintance, a close person, a companion, a considerer, a sorrower,
abandoning his interests, the interests of others, and the interests of both,
also abandoning the interests of the present life and the interests of the next
life also causes the highest interests to retreat, forcefully retreat, be lost,
avoided, and eliminated; those who have pity for friends and confidants, he
makes the interests retreat.

"The heart is bound," the heart is bound in two ways: (by) making oneself stand
in lowliness, (and) making others stand in nobility while the heart is
restrained; or (by) making others stand in lowliness, (and) making oneself stand
in nobleness and the heart is restrained. How to make yourself humble and make
others stand up noble and flatter others? (Thinking:) "You are very helpful to
me, I rely on you to get clothes, food, shelter, the needs of patients, medical
necessities, and anyone who gives or wants to do they think I am dependent on
you, those who are regarded as you, all my previous names from my parents have
disappeared to me, because you are known as those who frequent (someone's) home
like that; those who often visit (someone's) home." This is to make oneself
humble, to make others stand noble, and their hearts are bound.

How to make others humble and make oneself stand noble and be restrained?
(Thinking:) "I am a good person to you. Because of me, you turn to the Buddha,
to the Dhamma, and to the Saṅgha, become (as) those who are free from killing,
those who have not given and take, those who have not given, and those who are
free from lying, and those who (do not) drink spirits, fruit wine, and wine, I
will give you instructions, give me a lot of questions, I will explain uposatha,
and build temples. However, after you abandon me, you respect, honor, and revere
other people." This is to make others humble, and make oneself stand noble, and
the heart is bound. For those who pity for friends and confidants, their
interests are lost and the heart is bound.

"Watching the horror in intimate communication (interaction)": "Horror," the
horror of life, the horror of old age, ...sickness, ...death, kings, thieves,
fire, water, self-reprimand, horror, others, sticks, waves, the dragon,
whirlpool, crocodile [AN.4.122], livelihood, of dishonor, timidity, of
intoxication, evil interest in the group is the horror of horrible stiffness,
body hair standing on end, and fear of heart worry. "In intimate communication
(interaction)," There are two kinds of intimate communication: of love and of
seeing.... "Watching this horror in intimate communication": This horror in
intimate communication is watched, seen, and observed.

> 124 &middot; Like a huge bamboo (tree) becomes entangled together,  
Is one who has care for his children and wives,  
Like a bamboo shoot that is not stuck,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Like a huge bamboo being entangled together": Bamboo is called a bamboo bush.
In the bamboo bush, old bamboo is stuck, entangled, attached, fixed, and
obstructed. The same is true; being entangled together is called craving, it is
greed, lust, acquiescence, conformity, joy, liking, wanting, desire,
fascination, taking, great greed, being tied, sludge, disturbance, hypocrisy,
(reincarnation) root cause, (bitter) fertility, tailoring (craving), net, river,
bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companion, wishing, channel of
existence, desire forest (jungle), intimacy, love, anticipation, relationship,
aspiration, aspiration state, desire for form, for sound, smell, taste, touch,
desire to obtain, desires of man (wealth), desire for a son, desire to live,
state of desire, prayer, greed, greedy appearance, possessing the state of
greed, inquiries (for profits), desire for proficiency, illegal greed, improper
greed, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire for desire, desire for being,
desire for nothingness, formed thirst, formless thirst, extinction thirst, form
thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst, dhamma thirst,
torrent, harness, binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, bondage, along with
defilements, potential troubles, entanglement, vines, stinginess, suffering
roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering, demon's net, demon's hook,
demon's food (bait), demon's realm, demon's residence, demon's binding, the
river of thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst,
craving, greed, and the root of unwholesomeness.

"Love (being entangled)," what does it mean to love? The "spread" is love; the
"vast" is love; the "wide" is love; the "incorrect" is love; "it compels" is
love; "it seizes" is love; "fraud" is love; "poisonous root" is love; "poisonous
fruit" is love; "poisoned by use" is love; or, "(that) vast thirst: in form...,
in sound..., smell, taste, touch, at home, in the masses, residence, profit,
...(omitted)..., in the realm of desire, form, the non-material realm, ...in the
desire to have..., physical existence..., formless..., thinking...,
non-thinking.., in the non-imaginative non-non-imaginative existence.., the one
aggregate existence, the four aggregates, five aggregates, past, future,
present, ...enlarged attachments to the dhammas that can be seen, heard, felt,
and can be known.

"Anyone who is concerned with children and wives": "Children (sons)," there are
four kinds of sons: .... The wife is called the one who should be supported.
Attention is called craving, which is greed, ....

"Like a bamboo shoot that is not stuck": Bamboo is called a bamboo bush. For
example, the young top buds (shoots) in the bamboo bush are not stuck, attached,
tied, or obstructed, and they have gone out and are not obstructed, leaving,
having become free. In the same way... "Being stuck (attachment)," there are two
kinds of adhesion: ...; ...not to be stuck, not caught, not captured, not bound
by the world, not tied, separated, left, liberated, detached, not attached to,
not caught, not bound, leaving bondage, he lives with a restrained hear.

> 125 &middot; As an unbound deer walks in the forest,  
Walks to the desired pasture,  
A wise person, watching (his) freedom,  
Should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"An unbound deer walks in the forest, walking to the desired pasture": "Deer,"
there are two kinds of deer: the deer and the spotted deer. For example, the
deer living in the woods is walking in the woods and forests, walking at ease,
standing at ease, sitting at ease, and lying down at ease.

This was said by the Blessed One [MN.25]: "Bhikkhus! Just like a deer living in
the woods, when walking in the woods and forests, walk with peace of mind,
stand, sit, and lie with peace of mind. What is the reason? Bhikkhus! That is an
area inaccessible to brutal men.

Similarly, bhikkhus! Here, the bhikkhus live in the first jhāna of reasoning and
waiting after entering from renunciation from desire and unwholesome dhamma, and
happiness and joy after detachment, bhikkhus! This is called the bhikkhu making
the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, the demon enters a state of not
seeing and footlessness (misfortune).

Besides, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus calm down with reasoning and thinking, confident,
and one-minded. After entering, they live in the second jhāna of no reasoning or
thinking, and concentration produces joy and happiness, bhikkhus! This is called
the bhikkhu making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, ....

Besides, bhikkhus! The bhikkhu fades away with joy and lives in peace, has
mindfulness, right knowledge, and feels happiness with the body. After entering,
he lives in the third jhāna of this holy disciple proclaiming: 'He is a calm,
mindful, and happy one,' Bhikkhus! This is called the bhikkhu making the demon
blind. After killing the demon's eyes, ....

Besides, bhikkhus! After entering the fourth jhāna, the bhikkhus live in the fourth
jhāna that is not painful or unhappy, after entering the fourth jhāna, bhikkhus!
This is called the bhikkhu making the demon blind. ....

Besides, bhikkhus! Bhikkhus transcend all lusts and thoughts, with the extinction
of opposing thoughts, without thinking about all kinds of thoughts, (and know):
'Void is boundless,' after entering, live in the boundless void, bhikkhus! This is
called the bhikkhu making the demon blind. ....

Besides, bhikkhus! After Bhikkhu transcends all emptiness and boundlessness (and
knowledge): 'Consciousness is boundless,' after entering, live in the
boundlessness of consciousness... (omitted).

Besides, bhikkhus! (A Bhikkhu,) after surpassing all the boundless places of
consciousness (and knowing): 'There is nothing,' after entering, live in
nowhere....

Besides, bhikkhus! (A Bhikkhu,) after surpassing everything that has no possessions,
after entering, he will live in a place where he wants to be....

Besides, bhikkhus! (A Bhikkhu,) after surpassing all non-thinking things, after
entering, staying in wanting to be destroyed, after seeing with wisdom, all his
troubles are destroyed, bhikkhus! This is called the Bhikkhu blinding the demon.
After killing the demon's eyes, the demon enters a state of not seeing and
footlessness, letting go of his attachment to the world. He walks with peace of
mind, stands with peace of mind, sits with peace of mind, and lies with peace of
mind. What is the reason? Bhikkhu is an unreachable area for the demon."

"Wise people watch freedom": "Wise people" are wise people, enlightened people,
and distinguished people. "Humans" are sentient beings, human beings, student
Brāhmaṇas, humans, individuals, beings, those who have birth, those born to
Indā, and Manu. "Free," there are two kinds of freedom: free in Dhamma and free
as a man. What is free in Dhamma? Four mindfulnesses, four righteousnesses....
This is the freedom of Dhamma. What is a free man? Anyone who possesses these
freedoms is called a free man. "The wise people watch freedom": The wise people
watch, see, and observe the freedom of Dhamma.

> 126 &middot; One is addressed among companions  
At home, standing, walking, or traveling,  
Watching for the freedom that is not desired,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"He is addressed among his companions, when staying at home, standing, walking,
traveling": wherever he is happy, (with whom he is) happy to come, happy to go
with, happy to stand, happy to sit, happy to sleep, happy for good talk,
pleasant talk, and pleasant conversation, are called companions. "He is
addressed among his companions, when staying at home, standing, walking, and
traveling": When staying at home, standing, walking, and traveling among his
companions, he considers his own interests, the interests of others, and both
interests, consider the interests of the current life, the interests of the
afterlife, and the interests of both.

"Watching the freedom not to be desired": For the fool, the unkind, the
outsider, and the sectarian disciples, this is undesirable, that is: to be bald
and robe-clothed; for the supporter of the Buddha (an independent person), this
is what is desired, that is, becoming bald and robe-clothed. "Free" has two
kinds of freedom: .... "Watching the freedom not to be desired": Watch, see,
contemplate, and observe the freedom of the Dhamma.

> 127 &middot; There is entertainment and joy among companions,  
And great love for sons.  
Hating the parting with the dear,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"There is entertainment and joy among companions": "Entertainment," there are
two kinds of entertainment: physical entertainment and verbal entertainment.
What is physical entertainment? Playing with elephants, horses, carts, bows,
swords and other weapons, octagonal chess, ten-eye chess, aerial chess, and
hopscotch, also playing with a stone jigsaw, also with a dice board, also with a
wooden stick, also with the hand, also with dice, also with a leaf flute, also
with a toy hoe, also with somersaults, also with toy windmills, also playing
with toy measuring instruments, cart games, toy bows and arrows, guessing words,
guessing ideas, and imitating flaws [DN.1].

What is verbal entertainment? The sound of playing a drum with a mouth, the
sound of a drum being smeared with the mouth, the sound of the felling drum with
the mouth, the sound of a bend of the lips, the playing of a drum with the
mouth, the mouth (imitating) the hollow sound of drums, loud cheers, commotion
at dancers, singing, and joking.

"Joy," which is synonymous with being satisfied, is "joy." Those with whom one
is happy to go, come, stand, sit, lie down, talk, and converse, are called
companions. There is entertainment and joy in companions.

"And there is great love in sons": "Sons," .... There is much love of the son.

"Disliking separation from the dear": There are two kinds of dear (lovely):
sentient beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here, they are the mother or
father who wants to be beneficial to him, who wants to be useful, and who wants
to get away from the harness. Relatives, or brothers, or sisters, or sons, or
daughters, or friends, or colleagues, or relatives, or people of blood (kin),
these are lovely beings.

What are the dear deeds? Desirable forms, desirable sounds, ...smells, flavors,
touches, these are lovely behaviors. "Disliking parting from the dear": Hating,
disgusted, and ashamed of the parting from the dear.

> 128 &middot; Becoming a person who does not reject the four directions,  
Who is satisfied with everything,  
Those who are tolerant of danger and those who are not scared,  
Should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Those who do not reject the four directions": "The four directions," the
alone-enlightened person fills one side (direction) with a heart of compassion
and lives, and like that a second side, and the third, and the fourth, like this
the up and down (directions), horizontally, everywhere, to everything as to
yourself, with a heart of compassion, with a heart of vastness, excellence,
immeasurable, no resentment, and no malice, filling all the world and dwelling
afterwards. Walk with sorrow...(omitted,) walk with joy..., walk with peace and
live in one side, .... "The four directions, not to reject those": In the state
of being practiced in compassion, all beings in the east will not disobey, those
in the south will not disobey, and those in the west will not disobey; all
beings in the north are not against them, all beings in the middle of the east
are not against them, and all beings in the middle of the south are not against
them, and all beings in the middle of the west are not against them; all beings
in the middle of the north are not against them, all beings below are not
against them, all beings above are not against them, all beings in all
directions are not against them. They are not against them in a state of sadness
that has been practiced..., in a state of joy that has been practiced..., in a
state of calm that has been practiced, all beings in the east are not against
them... (omitted) in all directions are not against them.

"The one who is satisfied with everything": The Enlightened One is the one who
is satisfied with whatever clothes, and praises the satisfaction with whatever
clothes. He does not come to inappropriate evil because of clothes. Please,
don't tremble if you don't get clothes, don't be tied (attached) if you get the
clothes, don't be infatuated, innocent, seeing the troubled land, using with
wisdom [SN.16.1], and he does not use this, no matter with what kind of clothes,
is satisfied, not praising oneself, and not despising others. Those who are
skilled, not lazy, righteous, and mindful are called the alone-enlightened
person who lives in the highest caste of the past [DN.33/AN.4.28].

It is a person who is satisfied with whatever food ...(omitted), no matter the
place of residence..., no matter the patient's needs and medical necessities....

"Those who are tolerant of danger and not frightened": "Danger (distress,
crisis, peril)," there are two types of dangers: obvious dangers and secret
dangers. What are the obvious dangers? Lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs,
wolves, bison, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, or thieves or gangsters
who do bad things or are ready to do bad things, eye diseases, ear diseases,
nose diseases, tongue diseases, body diseases, head diseases, external ear
disease, mouth disease, dental disease, cough, wheezing, external nose disease,
fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, diarrhea, abdominal pain, cholera,
leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, scabies, rheumatoid ringworm,
scratches (disease), dry and cracked skin, blood biliary disease, diabetes,
hemorrhoids, rashes (boils), ulcers, diseases caused by gallbladder, diseases
caused by phlegm, diseases caused by wind, etc., (three) diseases caused by a
combination of seasons, diseases caused by incorrect postures, sudden attack
diseases, diseases born from the fruit of kamma, such as cold, heat, hunger,
thirst, feces, urine, contact with fly mosquitoes, sun snakes, etc., are called
obvious dangers.

What are the hidden dangers? Evil body (deeds), evil speech, evil intent, desire
cover, malice cover, sleepy cover, demotion and regret cover, doubt cover,
greed, aversion, ignorance, anger, resentment, hiding evil, domineering,
jealousy, stinginess, deceit, cunning, stubbornness, passion, conceit,
arrogance, relaxation, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all anxiety,
all enthusiasm, all unwholesome deeds, these are called hidden secret danger.

"Danger, crisis, peril," what is the meaning of danger? "Conquer all over" is a
crisis; "leading to loss" is a crisis; "live there" is a crisis. How is
"conquering all over" peril? Those dangers who conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end,
and crush that person are "conquer all over" as dangers.

How is "leading to loss" a danger? Those obstacles and retreats that lead to
good dhamma in crisis; which good dhamma? The right way, the following way, the
uninverted way, the way of non-contradiction, the way as it means, the way of
the Dhamma, the precepts are complete, guarding the roots, knowing the right
amount of food, specializing in sobriety, mindfulness and right knowledge, four
mindfulnesses...(omitted), the obstacles that lead to the loss of this good
Dhamma, this is "leading to loss" as a crisis.

How is "inhabiting there" danger? There, these evil and unwholesome dhammas
arose to restrain individuals, such as burrowing animals lying in caves; aquatic
animals lying in water; forest animals lying in the forest; arboreal animals
lying in trees. In the same way, these evil and unwholesome dhammas give rise to
mutual dependence.

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.35.151]: "Bhikkhus! Bhikkhus with apprentices
and masters live in misery and restlessness. But, bhikkhus! How is it that bhikkhus
with disciples and masters live in distress and restlessness?

Bhikkhus! Here, after seeing the form with his eyes, the bhikkhu has the
memories and intentions of those evil and unwholesome Dhamma that follow the
knot. They live in him; evil and unwholesome dhammas live and enter (occupy).
Therefore, he is called 'having disciples.' They conquer him; evil and
unwholesome dhammas conquer him. Therefore, he is called 'the master.'

Besides, bhikkhus! After the bhikkhu hears the sound with his ears...(omitted),
after smelling the smell with his nose..., after tasting the taste with his
tongue..., touching the touch with his body..., after knowing the dhamma with
consciousness, he arises memories and intentions of evil and unwholesome dhamma.
They live in him; evil and unwholesome dhammas live and enter.... Bhikkhus! In
this way, bhikkhus with disciples and masters live in misery and restlessness."

This was said by the Blessed One [It.88]: "Bhikkhus! There are these three types of
internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and
internal grievances. Bhikkhus! Greed is internal grime, internal non-friends,
...; Bhikkhus! Sorrow...; Bhikkhus! Infatuation.... Bhikkhus! These are the three
types of internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal
killers, and internal grievances."

"Greed is the cause of no benefit, and greed is the one which shakes the heart,  
Horror arises from it, and people don't realize (understand) it.  
The greedy person does not know the benefits, the greedy person cannot see the Dhamma,  
At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can conquer with greed.  
Anger is the cause of no benefit, anger is the one that shakes the heart,  
horror arises from it, and people don't realize it.  
The angry do not know the benefits, the angry cannot see the Dhamma,  
At that time he was a blind dark one: a man who can (be) conquered.  
Foolishness is the cause of no benefit, foolishness is the one that shakes the heart,  
horror arises from it, and people don't realize it.  
Fools don't know the benefits, fools can't see the Dhamma,  
At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can be conquered."

This was said by the Blessed One [SN.3.2]: "King! When the three dhammas within
a man arise, disadvantage, suffering, and restlessness arise. Which three are
there? King! When the greed within the man himself arises, disadvantages,
sufferings, and restlessness arise; King! When the aggression within the man
himself arises.... King! When the foolishness within the man arises, ...."

"A greedy, aversive, foolish, malevolent man,  
Hurts oneself, like many fruits (damage) a tree's heart."

This was said by the Blessed One: [SN.10.3]  
"From here come greed and anger,  
Unhappiness, happiness, and horror (lit. body hair standing on end);  
From here is where intention arises,  
Like a little boy letting a crow go."

"Those who endure the dangers," the ones who endure in danger, the winners, the
overwhelmer, the terminator, the renegade. "The one who is not frightened," the
one who is alone-enlightened is the one who is not timid, not frightened, not
afeared, and does not run away. He dwells in having given up fear of fear and
(giving up) his body hair standing on end.

> 129 &middot; Even some bhikkhus are difficult to take care of,  
So too with lay (family) members who live at home,  
After becoming someone who doesn't care about other people's sons,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"There are even some bhikkhus, for whom it is difficult to take care": Here,
there is a type of bhikkhu, although they should be given refuge, although they
are given instructions, they are given many questions, although they are given
clothes, ...the bowl, ...a copper bowl, a water filter, a water filter pouch, a
bag, a shoe, belt, they would not listen, don't turn their hearts or ears to
know, don't know, those who are disloyal, disobedient, and opposing behaviors,
don't turn their face to others [Ni.2].

"There are also resident families who live at home": Here, there is a
type of resident who is given elephants... (omitted); although they are
given carts, fields, homes, gold, and gold coins, they are given villages...,
towns, cities, royal capitals..., although they are given places, they don't
listen, don't listen to them, don't turn their hearts or ears to know, are
disloyal, disobedient, have opposing behavior.

"After becoming someone who does not care about the sons of others": In all this
sense except for himself, for the sons of others. After becoming indifferent to
the sons of those other people, after becoming a less busy person, becoming a
non-concerned person, after that.

> 130 &middot; After abandoning the mark of the family (lay life),  
As the kovilạ̄ra tree whose leaves have been shed,  
After the hero cuts off the bondage of his family,  
He should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"After abandoning the mark of the family": hair, beard, wreath, spices, balm,
ornaments, accessories, clothes, coverings, headband, massage, rubbing, bathing,
mirror, eye ointment, garland perfume balm, face powder, face cream, bracelet,
ribbon hair accessory, rod, barrel, sword, umbrella, colorful shoes, bun, orb,
whisk, long and short white clothes, etc., are called laymen's marks. "After
abandoning the mark of the family member": After the family member's mark is
abandoned, after completely abandoning, after being put down, after stopping.

"Like a kovilạ̄ra tree whose leaves have been shed": As the leaves of a kovilạ̄ra
tree have been cut, cut off, fallen, dropped, similarly, the mark of the layman
of the alone-enlightened person has been cut, cut off, fallen down.

"After the hero cuts off the bondage of his family": "Hero," "Energetic" is a
hero; "able" is a hero; "sufficient" is a hero; "ample" is a hero; "brave" is a
hero; "heroic" is a hero; "one who is not afraid" is a hero; "no terror" is a
hero; "no fear" are heroes; "those who do not run away" are heroes; "those who
have renounced terror and fear" are heroes; "those who have left their fear and
body hair standing on end" are heroes.

"Abstaining from all evil deeds,  
With vitality, after transcending the suffering of hell,  
An energetic and hardworking person;  
People like this can be called a hero."  
[Sn.3.6]

Sons, wives, male servants, maids, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs,
elephants, cows and horses, mules horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins,
villages, towns, royal capitals, places, treasury, warehouse, whatever things
can be corrupted by greed are called the bondage of the lay family.

"After the hero cuts off the bondage of the family member": The one who is
alone is a hero. After the bondage of the family member is cut off, after
breaking, after abandoning, after being driven away, after ending, after making
it go to non-existence.

\newpage
