### 18. Recitation About the Way to the Far Shore

(Translator's Note: chapter title abbreviated, the full title is _Explanation of
the Verses Recited About the Way to the Far Shore_.)

102. [Venerable Piṅgiya like this:] I will recite the other side road, as he
     sees it, as he tells it: the unflawed man, the vast wise one,
Desire-free, an untangled desireless nāga, why would he say vainly?

"I'm going to recite the other side road": "I'm going to recite what's been
recited, I'm going to recite what's been told along with the narration, I'm
going to talk about what's been talked about, I am going to say what has been
said."

"[Like this Venerable Piṅgiya]": ...(omitted, see previous sections).

"If he sees like this, he speaks": "If he sees like this, he tells, explains,
teaches, informs, establishes, uncovers, analyzes, and clarifies: "All actions
are impermanent" as he sees like this.... "All actions are suffering".... "All
dhammas are selfless".... "Every collection of dhamma is extinguishing dhamma"
...."

"The unflawed men, the vastly wise one": "The unflawed, greed is a flaw,
hatred..., ignorance, anger, resentment, all unwholesome deeds, and flaws, for
the Buddha and the Blessed One, have been cut off, and the roots have been cut
off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, something
immortal for the future. The Buddha is the defouler, the descaler, the one who
has abandoned the flaws, the one who has been freed from the flaws, the one who
has overcome all the flaws. The earth is called wide..., therefore, the Buddha
is extremely wise.

"Desire-free, desireless untangled nāga": "Desire", "There are two kinds of
desires.... The Blessed One does not desire in desire...."

"For those who have no entangled desire", greed is entangled desire; hatred...
It is said that it has been cut off, and the root has been cut off....
Therefore, the Buddha is a person who has no desire to forest.... "The one who
has no desire. "Nāga", ...."

"For what reason will he say falsely": ""For what reason", "For what reason?
What is the cause? What is the reason? What is the cause? What is the
condition?" For what reason. "Speaking falsely" means speaking, telling,
explaining, and saying falsely. "Speaking falsely", to speak falsehood; to speak
non-sacred words: here, a certain type of people go to the synagogue or to the
assembly, or to the relatives, or to the group, or to the palace, brought as a
witness to question: "Hey! Come! Man! Please tell me what you know of the way.
He said without knowing: "I know". Or, if he knew it, he said: "I don't know".
He didn't see it and said, "I see". Or, when he saw it, he said, "I didn't see
it.. "Like this, he deliberately said vainly based on his own cause, or the
cause of others, or because of a little temptation. This is called false speech.

Or, use three behaviors as 'liars': just before (saying) (thinking): "I will
say lies. "When said, (thinking): "I'm speaking lies. When I have said it,
(thinking): "I have said the lies. Take these three behaviors as lies. Or, use
the four behaviors: just before (saying), (thinking): "I will say a liar. "When
I said, (thinking): "I'm talking as liar. When I have said it (thinking): "I
have said the lies. "There are opinions of different attachments (errors), and
these four behaviors are regarded as lie. Or, take five forms... six forms...
seven forms... eight forms are lie: Before saying... There are (wrong) opinions
of different attachments, the likes of different attachments, the hobbies of
different attachments, the desires of different attachments, and the nature of
different attachments. These eight behaviors are regarded as lies and false
words."

103. Belonging to those who have given up their ignorance and foulness, to those
     who have given up on conceit and hiding of evil,
Come! I will tell of the beautiful words.

"Belonging to those who have given up on ignorance and foulness": "'Foulness',
greed..., anger.., ignorance..., sloth..., seeing..., pollution..., all evil
deeds are foulness; The kamma is dirt.

"Ignorance", the ignorance of suffering.... For the Buddha and the Blessed One,
ignorance and foulness have been cut off.... Therefore, the Buddha is the one
who has renounced ignorance and foulness."

"To those who renounce conceit and hide evil": ""Conceit", one is conceited:
that is the height of the heart; two kinds...: self praise is conceited,
contempt for others is conceited; three: "I am the winner"..., "I am the same",
"I am the inferior"; four: to gain, to have fame, use praise, and music; five:
"I do get the desired form", "I do get the desired sound", smell... taste...
touch...."; six kinds: with eyes..., ears..., nose, tongue, the body is fullness
(??)...satisfaction of the mind makes it conceited; seven: conceit, arrogance,
conceit and arrogance, humbleness, conceit of increase, conceit of self-reality,
conceit of evil; eight: obtaining makes it conceited, not obtaining..., fame, no
fame, praise, rebuke, happiness, and suffering; nine: the winner thinks: "I am
the winner"..., the winner thinks: "I am the same", the winner thinks: "I am the
inferior"...; and equal think: "I am the winner", the equal thinks: "I am the
same", the equal thinks: "I am the inferior", the inferior thinks: "I am the
winner", the inferior thinks: "I am the same", the inferior thinks: "I am the
inferior"; there are ten kinds...: here, by certain birth, or surname, or good
family, or beauty as a lotus, or property, or research (acquisition), or career,
or craftsmanship, or Ming (??) (academic), or by what you hear, or by arguing,
or by something to make it conceited; anyone who, like this, kind of heart
conceit, thinks, perceives the situation, tribute high (??), high conceit,
banner, high, heart vanity is called conceited.

"Hiding evil", the act of hiding evil, hypocrisy, envy, jealous behavior, this
is called hiding evil. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the conceit and the
hiding of evil have been cut off.... Therefore, the Buddha is a person who
abandons conceit and hiding of evil."

"Come on! I will tell of the beautiful words": ""Come on", the continuation of
sentences; the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the
combination of words; the connection of words and sentences; this is the order
of the sentence, which is "Come on". I will speak of the beautiful words", reach
(have), arrive (have), enter, fully enter, have enough, sufficient, have
beautiful words, language, ways (??), and speech, I will tell, teach, build,
uncover, parse, and clarify."

104. Dispelling the dark, enlightened, and all-seeing, who has reached the edge
     of the world, surpassing all (existences),
Who has no troubles, gives up all suffering, who is truly called (a Sambuddha),
    Brahmin! He is served by me.

"Dispelling the dark, enlightened, and all-seeing": ""Dispelling the dark", the
darkness of greed, the darkness of aversion, ...ignorance, ...sloth...,
seeing..., pollution..., ...evil, blindly doing, do not make (wisdom) eyes, do
not make wisdom and the wisdom of the destroyer, annoying companions, do not
lead to Nibbāna to exclude, remove, abandon, drive away, end, and make it go to
non-existence.", "That is the Blessed One...." All eyes are called the state of
all knowing wisdom...."

"Those who have reached the edge of the world, surpassing all others": ""World",
one world: some worlds; Two worlds: some worlds and the arising world(s??); what
has become into the world and what arises becomes the world; there is the world
of degeneration and the degeneration of the arising of the world. Three worlds:
three feelings. Four worlds: four foods (??). Five worlds: five accumulations.
Six worlds: six inner worlds. Seven worlds: seven consciousness dwellings. Eight
worlds: eight worlds (??). Nine worlds: where the nine living beings live. Ten
worlds: ten places. Twelve worlds: twelve places. Eighteen worlds: eighteen
worlds. "Those who have reached the edge of the world", "The Lord is the one who
has reached the edge of the world; has reached the end; ...reached the Nibbāna;
arrived at the Nibbāna, ...descended into the state, ...practiced ...the cycle
of life and death, without his rebirth."

"Beyond all", there are two types of "beyond all": in kamma and rebirth. What is
kamma? Blessed deeds, non-blessed deeds, and immovable deeds are kamma. What is
rebirth? The forms, feelings, thoughts, behaviors and consciousness of the knot
are rebirth. The Blessed One is the transcended one, the one who has passed
through, and the one who has overcome."

"Those who have no worries (troubles), those who give up all suffering": "There
are four kinds of worries in "worries": worries of desire, worries of some,
worries of seeing, worries of ignorance. Those worries have been given up by the
Buddha and the Blessed One, cut off, ..., so the Buddha is a trouble-free
person. "To cut off all suffering", to him, everything belongs to the
reproductive life, suffering, old age suffering, sickness, death, sorrow, grief,
despair...,  the suffering of decay has been cut off, cooled, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom. The Buddha is the
one who gives up all suffering."

"Truly called, Brahmin! Be served by me": "Truly called", "Truly addressed,
equivalent name, equivalent addresser, true equivalent addressee, Vipassī
Buddha, Sikhī Buddha, Vessabhū, Kakusandha, Koṇāgamana, Kassapa — those Buddha,
and the World Honored One (Gotama), are those who have the same name and the
same address, and Sakyamuni also belongs to those Buddhas, and the Blessed One
is the same name and those who are the same name."

"Brahmin! Be served by me": "The Blessed One is trusted, served, respected by
me, asking questions all the time."

105. For example, as a bird will live in a fruity forest after abandoning a
     small forest,
After I abandon all those of narrow views like this, I am like a goose which has
reached the great lake.

"For example, as after a bird abandons a small forest, it will live in a fruity
forest": ""A bird (twice born) is called a bird (winged). Why is a bird born
twice called winged? "Born twice" is born twice: "From mother's uterus and the
egg shell, born twice for this reason, so are called winged. "A bird (born
twice). "Like after abandoning a small forest", like a bird, a small mountain
forest with little fruit, food, and water. After abandoning, after going beyond,
after passing, after leaving, you will get, find, and obtain other fruits, large
forests and dense forests with lots of food and plenty of water, will build
shelter in that dense forest."

"Like this, after I abandon those of narrow views, it is as if the geese have
reached the great lake": ""Like this" is a metaphorical arrangement. "After
abandoning those of narrow views", Bāvari Brahman and other his teachers compare
with the Buddha and Blessed One, those who are rare, insignificant, inferior,
lesser, little-seen, lower, non-supreme, inferior; after abandoning, after
leaving, surpassing, passing, and transcending, the best-seen one obtains,
finds, and gets the Buddha, the world-honored person: the immeasurable seer, the
top seer, the unequal, the unparalleled, the uncontrasted, incomparable, heaven
in the sky, bull king among men, lion among men, elephant among men, virtuous
men bull with strong endurance among men, holder of ten powers. For example, the
geese will get, find, and obtain the big man-made or the immortal pool, or the
unshakable and immeasurable water accumulation of the sea lake. Similarly, the
Buddha and the Blessed One are the unshakable ones. Those with infinite
brilliance, those who have developed wisdom, ...have discerning eyes, ...are
clever, have proven to be unobstructed, have reached the four fearless ones,
have pure aspirations, are lonely and white (??), do not talk, claim to be like
that, are not small, are great, are deep, cannot be measured, are difficult to
penetrate, have vast treasures, are equal to the ocean, have six peaces, are
incomparable, are vast, and those who cannot be measured; he is the speaker like
that, the speaker of the Path, like Mount Sumeru among the mountains, like the
gold-winged bird among the birds, like the lion among the beasts, like the river
reaching the sea, he is the master, the winner, the top one, and the great
rishi."

106. Whatever they told me before, before Gotama's teaching: like this that was
     once, like this and that will be;
That's all rumors, all that is an increase in theory.

"What they told me before": ""What", Bāvari Brahman and his other teachers,
they explain, teach... their own views, likes, hobbies, opinions, intentions."

"Before the teachings of Gotama": "Before the teachings of Gotama, on the other
side of the teachings of Gotama; before the commandments of Gotama, the Buddha's
precepts, the precepts of the victors, the precepts of the Tathāgata, the first
precepts of the Arahants."

"Like this and that was, like this and that will be": ...(omitted, see previous
sections).

"It's all rumors": ....

"That is all the increase in theory": ....

107. The one who is alone, the disperser of darkness, the seated one, the
     shining one, the author of light,
The Blessed One, wise, the Blessed One, broadly wise,

"The one who is alone, the one who disperses the darkness, and the one who sits
down": ""One who is alone", the Blessed One is alone in the name of a bhikkhu, with
no partner for righteousness as alone, with thirst for righteousness as alone,
and "always free from greed , "always distracting(??)" means alone, always
deprecated(??)" means alone, "always no pollution" means alone, "crossing the
road without a fork" is alone, and "has already realized the highest
enlightenment" as alone.

How is the Blessed One alone in the name of a bhikkhu? When the Blessed One was
young, the black-haired youth possessed the happiness of youth. At the beginning
of life, even if the parents didn't want, tearful, crying, and sighing, they
still abandon their relatives, cut off all obstacles in the home, and cut off
the barrier of their children and wife, ...family, ...friend, ...storage (??),
shave hair and put on robes, go out from home, being a bhikkhu in a non-domestic
life, into a state of no possessions, then walk alone, live, act, turn around,
guard, and survive."

How is the Blessed One alone without a partner? "When he was such a bhikkhu, he was
alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): quiet,
away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for sitting alone; he would
walk alone, stand alone, sit alone, lie alone, enter the village alone for alms,
go forward alone, return alone, sit alone in a quiet place, perform alone, live,
move, turn, guard, and survive alone."

How is the Blessed One alone with the disruption of thirsting love? He is so
alone and without a partner, when he lived in reluctance, zealous, and
self-effort. Under the Bodhi tree by the Nerañjarā River, with diligence and
effort, destroying the devil (Māra) accompanied by the army, the evil demon, and
the relatives of the relaxed; afterwards, the netted, strong flowing, entangled
thirsty loves, he abandoned, drove away, ended, and made to go to no-existence.

"People who have thirsty love as their partner, reincarnate for a long time,
become such a state, other states, do not go beyond reincarnation.
Knowing this kind of trouble: craving is the origin of suffering,
Departing from thirsty love, no taking, bhikkhus should march conscientiously.
"[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746]

How can the Blessed One be alone with "always away from greed"? "Take one of the
states of greed to renounce greed(??)" as aloneness, "to renounce one of the
angered states of renunciation(??)" as loneliness, "use one of the maddening
states of renunciation, to liberate" as independence, "to taint one of the
disconnected states of "no pollution" aloneness.

How is the Blessed One one who "has passed the road without a fork" as alone?
The road without forks is called the Four Mindfulness... (omitted) Eight Sacred
Paths.

"The one who sees the death of life, the one who has mercy (pity??),
    knows the way without forks,
Used this way to cross the storm in the past, and they will be and present (??)."
[SN.47.18]

How is the Blessed One's "Single Enlightenment" being alone? Enlightenment is
called wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment of choice,
investigation, vipassanā, right view on the four realms. The Blessed One
realized that "all actions are impermanent", ..."every collection of dhammas is
extinguished." Or, everything that should be felt, should be conscious, should
be awakened, should be enlightened, should be realized, should be touched,
should be testified, everything is conscious of that consciousness, awakening,
enlightenment, attainment, reaching, testifying.

"Dispelling the Darkness", .... "Sitting down", "The Blessed One is sitting at
the Rock Temple."

"When Muni was sitting on the hillside, he who had reached the other side of
    suffering,
The disciples served, with the three knowledges, destroyers of death. [SN.8.10]"

Or, "In the state where all efforts have ceased, the Blessed One is the one who
sits, the one who has descended, and the one who has practiced...."

"He is the shining person, the author of the light": "The shining person is the
wise, supremely wise, enlightened, distinguished, and wise. "The luminous
author", Author of light, illuminator, bringer of light."

"Blessed One is the one who is broadly wise": "Blessed One is the one who
symbolizes the vastness, Wisdom is the symbol, Wisdom is the flag (??), Wisdom
is the marker, Wisdom is increased, the multi-selection, the simpler (??), the
more deliberate, the fully deliberate nature, the one who lives in the
understanding, the character, the more, the heavy (??), the object of that, the
harder, the lean, the winner, and the better.

"The flag is the sign of the chariot, the smoke is the sign of the fire,
The king is the symbol of the country, and the husband is the symbol of the woman.
[SN.1.72]"

In the same way, Blessed One is the symbol of the vastness (the broad wisdom),
the wisdom as the symbol, the wisdom as the banner, the wisdom as the flag, and
the wisdom as the increase. For those who understand, those who have character,
...who have more, who value the other, who target that, who work hard, ...lean
toward that, overcome the solution, improve, have more character, emphasize the
other, take that as the object, work hard, lean toward the one who overcomes,
the one who increases."

"Gotama is the vastly wise man": "The earth is called broad.... Therefore, the
Buddha is an extremely intelligent person".

108. The one who taught me the Dhamma: directly visible, immediate,
The extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, for which there is no metaphor no
    matter where.

"The one who teaches me the Dhamma": ""The one", that is the one who is the
world-honored person, the solo person, and the one without a teacher who has
realized the truth in the Dhamma that has not been heard before, and reaches the
state of all knowing there. One who is in a state of freedom in strength.
"Teaching the Dhamma", "Dhamma", the beginning is good...; he explained, taught,
informed, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, and explained."

"Directly visible, immediate": ""Directly visible, immediate, you are invited to
meet, guided, and the wise should experience it for himself." Or, "He practices
the eight sacred paths, he realizes that way indiscriminately and immediately,
and he finds and obtains results." "Immediate", such as after people give money
to them at a certain time, they are indiscriminately obtained(??), they waited
for time. The Dhamma is indeed not this. Anyone who is practising the Eight
Noble Paths in his life will realize that path indiscriminately and immediately.
He finds and obtains the Fruit, not elsewhere (the next life), not in the other
world (the next life), this is instant."

"Extinction of thirst, no disaster": ""Thirst for love", the thirst for form....
"Extinction of thirst", extinction of thirst, ...of greed, of hatred,
...delusion, interest, past rebirth, knot of rebirth, some, reincarnation,
rotation. "No disaster", pollution and formation are called disasters, the
renunciation of catastrophes, the cessation of catastrophes, the disruption of
catastrophes, the discontinuation of catastrophes, immortality, and Nibbāna."

"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ""For that", for
Nibbāna. "There is no metaphor", there is no metaphor, no comparison, no
equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, not to be known, not to be
discovered. "No matter where," no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or
outside of oneself, or inside and outside."

109. (Bāvari:) Why do you leave from that person, Piṅgiya, even for a moment,
From the broad understanding of the Blessed One, from the broad wisdom of the
    Blessed One,

"Why do you leave from that place?": "Why did you leave, go, and leave from the
Buddha."

"Piṅgiya, Even for a moment": "Even a moment, even an instant, even a part (of)
time, even for half a day." "Piṅgiya," Bāvari called that
junior by his name.

"From the Blessed One, the broadly wise": "From the Blessed One's vastness as
the symbol ...."

"From the vast wise man of Gotama": "The earth is called vast....

110. He who teaches you the Dhamma: directly visible, immediate,
The extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, for which  there is no metaphor no
    matter where.

"He teaches the Dhamma for you": ....

"Directly visible, immediate": ....

"Extinction of thirst, without disaster": ....

"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ....

111. (Piṅgiya:) I do not live away from that person, Brahmin, even for a moment,
From the Blessed One with the broad wisdom, from the Buddha the vastly wise,

"I don't live away from that person": "I didn't live away from the Buddha,
leave, be apart."

"Brahmin! Even for a moment": "Even for a moment...." "Brahmin", he respectfully
calls his uncle.

"From the Blessed One, the broadly wise": ....

"From the vast wise man of Gotama": "The earth is called vast....

112. The one who taught me the Dhamma: directly visible, immediate,
The extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, for which there is no metaphor no
    matter where.

"The one who teaches the Dhamma for me": ....

"Directly visible, immediate": ....

"Extinction of thirst, no disaster": ....

"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ....

113. I see him with my mind as if with my eyes, Brahman, day and night,
I spend the night in salute; because of this I think that I haven't left Him.

"I see him, like with my eyes, with intention": "If a man with eyes can see,
look, watch, observe, observe form, etc. in the light. In the same way, I see,
look, watch, observe with intention, observe the Buddha, the World-Honored One."

"Brahmin! Day and night without letting go": "During the day and night without
letting go, I practice Buddha's thoughts."

"I spend the night in salute": ""In salute", in salute with the body, or salute
with words, or salute with the heart, or salute with the meaning, in homage, or
in obedience to the Dhamma, in respect, in salute, in reverence, I spend, pass
through day and night."

"Because of that, I think there is no leaving": "When practising with that
Buddha's mindfulness, I think it is "no leaving". I think, I know that it is "no
leaving." I know so; I am so (??). I know; I don't do it like this; I know so
for sure; I know it well."

114. Faith, joy, mind, thought, these did not depart from Gotama's
     teachings,
Where the wise person walks, I pay respect to him in that direction.

"Faith, joy, mind, thought": ""Faith", everything about faith, belief, trust,
extremely pure faith, root of faith, faith in the Blessed One. "Joy", everything
about the joy and joy of the Blessed One, happiness, rejoicing, joy, laughter,
satisfaction, and the enthusiasm of the heart. "Mind": everything about the
heart, intention, heart, heart (dirty), white (clean), intention, the mind, the
root of the mind, the consciousness, the consciousness and the consciousness
corresponding to the consciousness(??). "Mind", all about the thoughts of the
Blessed One, reminiscence (remembrance), and mindfulness."

"These did not depart from the teachings of Gotama": "These four methods did not
depart from the teachings of Gotama, the Buddha, the victors, the Tathāgatas,
the Arahants; leave, disappear."

"Where the wise one walks": ""Where the wise one goes": "Where the direction
is", east or west, or south or north, he walks, goes, and heads. "Bright wise
one", broad wise one is great wise one, the wise person, the quick wise person,
the discerning wise person; the earth is called broad, and the Blessed One has
the same expansive wisdom as that earth."

"I pay homage (salute) to the him in this direction": "The one who pays homage
to the Buddha's direction, the one who is directed to it, the one who strives,
the one who leans toward the one who overcomes, the one who increases."

115. Because of my aging and weakness, my body doesn't walk there,
So I walked continuously with my thoughts, Brahman, for my mind is united with
    him.

"Because of my aging, weakness": "I am old due to aging, old age, advanced age,
and have reached old age. "Because of weakness", due to weak power, due to low
power, due to reduced power."

"The body didn't walk there": "The body didn't walk, go, walk forward, go to the
Buddha."

"I walk continuously with my thoughts": "I go in the state of thinking; in the
state of seeking; in the state of being wise; in the state of being aware; in
the state of going, walking, and advancing."

"Brahmin! Because my mind is united with him": "Mind": heart, mind,
...correspond to that consciousness. "Brahmin! Because my mind is united with
him": "The mind is united with the Buddha, bound, bound completely."

116. Lying in the mud and shaking, I floated from island to island,
Then I saw the Enlightened One: those who have crossed the flood, those who have
    no troubles.

"Lying in the mud and trembling": ""Lying in the mud", "in the mud of desire, in
the mire of desire, in the pollution of desire, in the hook of desire, in the
heat of desire; lying, dwelling, living in the obstacles of desire." To lie in
the mud. "Trembling (throbbing)", throbbing with throbbing throbs of thirst,
...with seeing..., pollution, effort, retribution, intentional deeds, greed,
rage, idiotic foolishness; bound by sloth, clinging to seeing, to see what was
taken(??), scattered (disorganization), doubtful failure, with annoying
potential trends of trouble; because of profit, no profit, fame, no fame,
praise, rebuke, pleasure, suffering; life, old age, sickness, death, sorrow and
despair, the suffering of hell, of the animal world, the hungry ghost world...;
with the root of the suffering of entering the womb, ...living in the womb,
...birth, ...living..., of being at the mercy of others, of one's own actions,
other people's actions; eye diseases, ear..., nose, tongue, body, head, external
ear, mouth, tooth, lip, cough, breath, external nose disease, fever, old age,
abdominal illness, coma, dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor,
ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, scabies, rheumatism, scratching (skin
disease), dry and cracked skin, blood gall bladder disease, diabetes,
hemorrhoids, rashes (blood blisters), hemorrhoidal fistulas (ulcers), diseases
caused by gallbladder, phlegm, wind diseases, diseases of the three sets of
diseases, diseases born of the seasons, of incorrect postures, diseases that
strike suddenly, diseases born of the fruit of kamma, of cold, heat, hunger,
thirst, dung, urine, the pain of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and the
snake; suffering of the dead mother, ...father, brothers, sisters, son,
daughter, loss of relatives, loss of money, loss of disease, the decay;
throbbing, trembling (throbbing all over), trembling (strong trembling),
trembling greatly (strong trembling) with the pain of seeing the decay.

"I floated from island to island": "From master to master, from Dhamma to
Dhamma, from group to group, from seeing and seeing, from way to way, from Path
to Path, I float, drifting, completely floating."

"Then I saw the enlightened person": ""Then", the continuation of the
sentence.... "See", see, be able to reach, understand. "Enlightened One", that
is the Blessed One, ....

"Those who cross the waterfall (torrent), those who have no trouble": ""The one
who crosses the waterfall", "The Blessed One is the one who crosses the torrent
of desire, ...some torrents, the torrents that you see, and of ignorance, has
passed, surpassed, transcended, traversed, crossed, and overcome all the cycles
of rebirth. He is the one who has descended...." The one who has crossed the
waterfall. "The one who has no troubles" has four kinds of troubles: the
troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, and the troubles of
ignorance. Those troubles have been abandoned for the Buddha and the Blessed
One. Broken, the root has been cut off, .... Therefore, the Buddha is called the
one who has no troubles."

117. (The Blessed One:) As Vakkali has sent faith, as well as Bhadrāvudha and
     Ālạvi Gotama,
You should also send forth faith, Piṅgiya! Then you will go beyond the realm of
    death.

"Vakkali is the one who releases faith, as well as Bhadrāvudha and Ālạvi
Gotama": "Vakkali is a believer, a heavy believer, a leader with faith, a
believer who overcomes the solution, and a believer, those who have reached the
state of Arahant; such as Bhadrāvudha, ... such as Ālạvi Gotama...."

"In the same way, you should also issue faith": "The same, you should release,
issue, fully issue, increase, send, and fix the faith: "All actions are
impermanent" you should release.... "All deeds are suffering"....  "All Dhamma
is without self" "Any collection of dhammas is the extinction of Dhamma"....

"Piṅgiya! You will go to the other side of the realm of the god of death": The
realm of the god of death is called the pollution and the various aggregates and
creations; the other side of the realm of the death is called immortality and
Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the cessation of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbāna. "Piṅgiya! You will go
to the other side of the realm of death": "You will go to the other side; you
will reach the other side; you will prove the other side; you will testify to
the other side."

118. (Piṅgiya:) In this way I gain more confidence: After hearing Muni's words,
The one who opened the covering, the enlightened person, the non-desolate person,
    and the eloquent person.

"In this way I gain more confidence": "This way I gain more confidence, I am
more confident, I am more trusting, I am more victorious: "All actions are
impermanent" I am more confident.... "All actions are suffering".... "All
dhammas are selfless".... "Any collection is an end..." ..."

"After hearing the words of Muni": Muni.... "After hearing Muni's words": "Your
speech, language, teaching, admonitions, after hearing, grasping, understanding,
discerning."

"The one who has opened the covering, the enlightened one": ""The covering",
there are five kinds of covering: the covering of craving, the covering of
seeing, the covering of pollution, the covering of evil deeds, the covering of
ignorance; for the Buddha and the Blessed One, those coverings have been opened,
been destroyed, unlocked, completely unlocked, cut off, severed, calmed down,
halted, cannot arise, have been burned by the fire of wisdom, Therefore, the
Buddha is the one who has opened the covering. "Enlightened One", ....

"Those who are not desolate, those who have the ability to argue (eloquence)":
"The desolation of greed, the desolation of anger, the desolation of ignorance,
the desolation of anger, the desolation of resentment.... For the Buddha and the
Blessed One, they have been cut off.... Therefore, the Buddha is not desolate.

"Those who have the ability to argue (eloquence)", there are three kinds of
people who have the ability to argue: the ones who have learned, the ones who
questioned and the ones who have proven. What is a learned debater? Here, a
certain type of people are learners of the language of the Buddha (the teachings
of the Buddha): Suttas (suttaṃ), Verses (geyyaṃ), Explanations (veyyākaraṇaṃ),
Stanzas (gāthaṃ), Udāna [KN 3], Itivuttaka [KN 4], Jātaka [KN 10], Abbhuta
Dhamma (unclear if this refers to the sutta or the concept of wonderful
teachings), Vedalla (vedallaṃ; unclear if this refers to the individual suttas
or the whole section), who rely on his learning, this is a learned debater.

What is a debater who asks repeatedly (questions)? Here, a certain type of
person is a questioner in (their own) interests, justice (righteous)
(interests), characteristics, reasons, possibility and impossibility, and
appears after reliance on that questioning. This is the debater of repeated
questions.

What is a proven debater? Here, a certain type of person is the attainer of the
four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four divine bases, the five
senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, the eight holy ways,
the four Samaṇa fruits, the four debates, and the six magic powers. Those who
have known the reason, known the method, and known the word are the ones who
defend in the known principle, defend the dhamma in the known dhamma, and the
words in the known words. The three kinds of wisdom are not hindered.
Understanding wisdom, the Blessed One ...possessing this argument will not
hinder the understanding of wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is a talented person.
If he hasn't learned, questioned, and proved, what will he answer?"

119. After proving (directly knowing) the Supreme Heaven, he understood
     everything,
Master ends all questions, and the doubters acknowledge this.

"Knowing the Supreme Heaven": ""Heaven", there are three kinds of heavens:
...(omitted, see previous sections). After the Blessed One has realized the
"Supreme Heaven" of the Secular Heaven, after the "Supreme Heaven" of the
Departed (rebirth) Heaven, after the "Supreme Heaven" of the Pure Heaven, after
understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after
clarifying."

"He understands everything": "The Blessed One understands, knows, touches, and
penetrates the method that the Supreme Heaven should do for oneself and others.
What is the method that one's own Supreme Heaven should do? Correct way, follow
the way.... eight holy paths, these are called the methods that one's own
supreme heaven should do.

What should the supreme heaven of others do? The correct way... the eight holy
paths, these are known as the ways that the Supreme Heaven of others should do.
In this way, the Blessed One understands, knows, reaches, and penetrates the
Supreme Heaven of himself and others. "For him to understand everything from
him.

"The master is the ender of the problems (questions)": ""The Lord is the ender
(of the problems), the ultimate, the limit, the circle (conclusion), the end of
the problem of form, the ultimate, .... the problem of Sanyamo (??)..., of the
bhikkhu, of the bhikkhuni, of Upasai, of Upayi, the king's problem, the khattiya
problem, ...brāhmaṇa ..., vessa, sudda, angels, god; the ultimate, the limiter,
and the conclusion."

"Master", "The Lord is the leader, such as the leader of the caravan, making all
living beings cross the danger zone: make them cross the danger zone of thieves,
...with beasts, ...of hunger, ...of no water, he makes it out, makes it over,
makes it pass, and makes it reach the ultimate place of stability. In the same
way, the Blessed One is the leader of the caravan and enables all living beings
to pass through dangerous zone: make them pass through the danger zone of life,
...of age, disease, death, sadness, sorrow, suffering, worry, despair, greed,
anger, foolishness, conceit, seeing, pollution, evil deeds; He crosses the dense
forest of greed, the dense forest of anger, ...of foolishness, conceit, seeing,
pollution, evil deeds;, he makes it come out and make it through, makes it pass,
makes it reach stability, immortality, and Nibbāna."

Or, "The Blessed One is the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the informer,
the one who makes it deliberate, the one who sees it, and the one who makes it
clear. Or, "The Blessed One is the founder of the unborn Path, the producer of
the unborn Path, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the Path, the
knower of the Path, the acquaintance of the Path, and (his) disciples now live
in the companionship of the Path, and will be the possessors in the future."

"Acknowledgement of the doubter": "When the doubter arrives, he becomes
undoubtful; when the person with a mark arrives, he becomes the unmarked; when
the person with doubts arrives, he becomes one with no doubts; with greed... no
greed; anger...; ignorance...; pollution...."

120. What cannot be moved, cannot be shaken, for which there is no metaphor, no
     matter where,
Indeed I will go (to that; Nibbāna), there is no doubt for me here, so please
    remember me as one with a victorious mind.

"That which cannot be moved, cannot be shaken": "Those that cannot be moved are
called immortality, Nibbāna, that is the cessation of all actions.... "Can't be
moved", "Can't be greedy, angered, ignorant, resentful, concealed (evil),
domineering, jealous, stingy, deceitful, cunning, stubborn, passionate,
conceited, arrogant, relaxed, all pollution, all evil deeds, all scorching heat,
all troubles, all annoyances, all irritation, all unwholesome deeds, Nibbāna is
permanent, firm, eternal, and unchangeable."

"The one that cannot be shaken", the one that cannot be shaken is called
immortality, Nibbāna.... For Nibbāna, the arising is not known, it does not
dissipate, its variation is not known, and Nibbāna is constant, firm, eternal,
and unchanging."

"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ""For that", for
Nibbāna. "There is no metaphor", ...."

"It is true that I will go, and there is no doubt for me here": ""Really", this
is the decisive language, the undoubted language.... "I will go", "I will go, I
will arrive, I will reach, I will testify." For certain I will go. "For me there
is no doubt here", "Here", there is no doubt, no hesitation, no doubt on
Nibbāna, no existence, no being known, undiscovered, cut off, disconnected,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom."

"In this way, please remember me as the one who has the victorious mind":
""Please remember me in this way", so please distinguish me. "The victorious
mind", those who lean towards Nibbāna, those who include towards Nibbāna, those
who overcome (to) Nibbāna."

---

The other side path is completed.

\newpage
