### Third Chapter

> 141 &middot; "The distorted view has been cast off,  
The decision has been reached, the way has been obtained,  
I have arisen knowledge and will not be guided by others":  
So saying, one should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"The distorted view has been cast off": The distorted view is called the Twenty
Dependent Views. Here, the ordinary people who have not heard of the Holy One,
have never seen the saints, those who are not proficient in the Dhamma, and have
not been trained in the Dhamma; they have never seen the Dhamma of good people,
are unskilled in the Dhamma, and have not been trained in the good Dhamma. They
think that form is self, or 'I' have form, or form is in 'me,' or 'I' am in
form, ...feeling..., ...thinking..., ...consciousness... [SN.22.1]; these are
distorted views. "The distorted view has been shaken off": The distorted view
has been shaken off, has been surpassed, has been traversed, has been
transcended, has been overcome.

"The decision has been reached, the way has been obtained": The four (holy) ways
(Paths) are called decisions. Those who possess the four noble paths have
reached, fully reached, and decision that has been reached. "The path has been
obtained," He has gained the Path, has obtained the Path, has reached the Path,
has witnessed the Path.

"I am the one who has arisen wisdom and will not be guided by other people": The
wisdom of the one who has been enlightened has arisen, has been fully arisen,
has been born, has been produced, has appeared: "All actions are impermanent"
has arisen... (omitted), "all deeds are suffering"..., "all dhammas are without
self"..., "any collection of dhammas is an extinction"...."Won't be guided by
other people," that alone-enlightened person is one who is not guided by others,
does not depend on others, does not rely on others, has arrived to not being
bound by others, he knows and sees truthfully, is not ignorant, the right
knower, and the rememberer: "All actions are impermanent," he is a person who is
not guided by others...(omitted)....

> 142 &middot; Those who do not have greed, deceit, or desire,  
Those who do not hide evil, those who have eliminated evil and delusions,  
After becoming one who has left his wishes in all the world,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Those who are not greedy, who are not deceitful, and those who are not
craving": Greed is called craving, that is greed, lust, acquiescence,
conformity, joy, desire, obsession, taking, contaminated, disturbance, fraud,
(reincarnation) root cause, (bitter) fertility, tailoring (greed), net, river,
bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companionship, desire, intimate
interaction, forest, jungle, love, expectation, relationship, desire for form,
desire for sounds, desire for smells, desire for tastes, desire for touches,
desire for acquisition, desire for wealth, desire for sons, desire for life, the
state of desire, hope, prayer, greedy appearance, possessing greed, inquiring
for profit, illegal greed, improper greed, hope, envy, desire for desire, desire
for nothingness, desire for form, formless thirst, extinguished thirst, form
thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst, dhamma thirst,
torrent, harness, binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, defilements, potential
trends of troubles, entanglement, vines, stinginess, suffering roots, causes of
suffering, occurrence of suffering, magical nets, magical hooks, magical food,
the realm of the devil, the residence of the devil, the state of the devil, the
bondage of the devil, the river of thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of
thirst, the sea of thirst, craving, greed, and the root of unwholesomeness. That
greed, craving, for the alone-enlightened person, has been cut off, the root has
been cut off just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, a
non-living thing for the future, so the Buddha is the undisturbed. In the
disturbed state of disconnection, the Blessed One does not waver; does not shake
when he does not get it (obtain something); does not shake when he has
reputation; does not shake when he has no reputation; does not shake with
praise; does not shake with reprimand; does not shake at times; does not shake,
does not move, does not tremble. Therefore, the alone-enlightened person is the
one without greed.

"Non-deceitful," there are three types of deceit): deceit to use resources,
deceit of deportment, and deceit of talking all around for gain.

What is the trickery of using resources? Here, the homeowners invite the
bhikkhus with clothes, food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical
necessities. He is a person with evil desire, a person with a desire for nature,
and a person with hope. He is a person who has clothes, food, shelter,
necessities of the patient, and medical necessities. Hoping for more and
rejecting clothes, refusal to give food, refusal to shelter, refusal of
patients' necessities and medical necessities, he said: "What do high-value
clothes have for a Samaṇa!" It is appropriate that a Samaṇa should use rags from
the mound room or garbage dump or in front of the shop to make coats of. What
does high-value food mean to a Samaṇa! It is appropriate that a Samaṇa should
survive by wandering for alms. What is there for a Samaṇa with high-value
accommodation! ...A Samaṇa should be those who live under the trees or between
the mounds or live in the open. ...needs of patients and medical necessities!
...should use medicine of fermented cow urine or crushed greens. After grasping
that, he wears coarse clothes; receives coarse food; lives in coarse dwellings;
uses coarse patients' necessities and medical necessities. The homeowners knew
him this way: "This Samaṇa is a person with little desire, a contented person, a
lonely person, a person who is away from the masses, a person whose vitality has
been activated, and a teacher." They invite more and more with with clothes,
food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical necessities. He said: "The
three current states have faithful men who produce a lot of merit: the current
state of faith has faithful men, the current state that produces a lot of merit
and donation has a believing man who produces a lot of merit, and the current
state of a person worthy of support has a believing man who produces a lot of
merit. You are the believer, and the charity exists (is found), and I am the
receiver. If I don't accept it, then you will become outsiders of merit. This is
not necessary for me, but just for pity, from you, I accept." After clinging to
that, he accepts many clothes, many foods, many residences, and many patients'
necessities and medical necessities. The frowning of anyone who frowns like this
is the path of deceit, the state of deceit, this is deceit to gain resources.

What is the trickery of deportment? Here, there are certain types of evil
desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect, (thought): "In
this way, people will respect me." He placed to walk, placed to stand, placed to
sit, placed to lie down, walked for desire, stood for desire, sat down for
desire, lay down for desire, walked like a person in concentration, as in
concentration he stands, sits down like a meditation person, lies down like a
meditation person, and becomes visible as a meditator. The placement,
strengthening, and complete placement of behaviors like this; the frown of this
frowning person is the path of trickery and the state of trickery, this is the
trickery of deportment.

What is the trickery of talking all around for gain? Here, there are certain
types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect,
(thought): "In this way, people will respect me." He spoke according to the Holy
Dhamma, and he said: "Whoever dresses like this is a powerful Samaṇa." He said:
"Anyone who holds a bowl like this..., holding a copper bowl..., holding a water
filter..., water filter, keys, wearing shoe, a belt, ...is a Samaṇa of great
power." He said: "Whoever his followers are like this, he is a powerful Samaṇa."
He said: "Whoever his teacher is like this..., the equivalent of a bhikkhu is
like this..., the equivalent of a teacher, a friend, an acquaintance, a close
person, a companion..., he is a powerful Samaṇa." He said: "Anyone who lives in
a dwelling like this..., in a half-roof house, in a tall building, in a flat
house, in a cave, living in a cave, a hut, a heavy pavilion, an observatory,
round house, a shed, a lecture hall, a tent, living under a tree..., he is the
Samaṇa of great power."

Or, those who keep frowning; constantly frowning; those who keep tricking; those
who keep nagging; those who are respected because of their mouths, who says such
deep, secret, subtle, out-of-the-world, and empty talk: "This Samaṇa gets this
quiet residence like this and waits." The frown of anyone who frowns like this;
the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is the trickery of the
surrounding language. For the alone-enlightened person, these three types of
tricks: tricks with money (resources), tricks with deportment, and tricks with
of speaking around for gain, have been cut off, calmed down, stopped, can't
arise and burned by the fire of wisdom, therefore, the alone-enlightened one is
a non-scheming one.

"Those who have no desire," desire is called thirst, which is greed.... The
longing, the thirsting, has been cut off for the enlightened one, and the roots
have been cut off.... Therefore, the one enlightened one is the one without
desire.

"Those who do not hide the evil, have eliminated the filth and delusions":
"Hiding evil" refers to all acts of hiding evil, hypocrisy, and jealousy.
"Filth" refers to greed, vulgarity, obscenity, sordid filth, anger...,
resentment..., hiding evil..., domineering..., all unwholesome contrived things.
"Ignorance" is ignorance in suffering, ignorance in the path leading to
suffering, ignorance in the past, ignorance in the future, in the past and the
future, the ignorance of the specific conditionality and the conditioned state,
all such ignorance, not seeing, not being aware, not enlightening, not
understanding, not firmly understanding, not to see correctly, not to examine,
bad wisdom, obsession, the torrent of ignorance, harness of ignorance, potential
trend of trouble of ignorance, entanglement of ignorance, the fence of
ignorance, the root of ignorance. For that alone-enlightened person, hiding evil
and filth and ignorance has been spit out, has been spit out completely, has
been eliminated, has been cut off.... The alone-enlightened person is the one
who does not hide the evil, and has eliminated the filth and delusion.

"Becoming one who has left the desire in all the world": Desire is called
craving, which is greed.... "In all worlds," in the world of suffering, in the
world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the world of aggregates, in the
world of the world. "Become the one who has no desire in all the worlds": In all
the worlds, become the one who has no desires; become the one who departs from
thirst; after becoming the one who departs from the desire.

> 143 &middot; Evil companions should be avoided,  
Those who show what is of no benefit, those who are fixed on what is wrong,  
One should not make friends with those who are devoted (to wrong things) and loose,  
But should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Should avoid evil companions": Anyone who has ten bases for evil views is
called an evil companion: "There is no charity, no offerings, no good or evil
kamma, no results and rewards. In this world, there is no other world, no
mother, no father, no arisen sentient beings. There is no righteous Samaṇa or
Brāhmaṇa in this world who testifies to this world and other worlds." This is an
evil companion. "Evil companions should be avoided": "Evil companions should be
avoided, should be shunned.

"The unbeneficial seer, the one who is fixed on the unrighteous": Anyone who has
the bad view, those companions of the ten bases of evil views, is called the
unprofitable seer: "No charity, no support...." "The one who is fixed on the
wrong," the one who is fixed in the wrong body kamma; the one who is fixed in
the wrong language kamma; the one who is fixed in the wrong intention kamma;
those who are fixed in unrighteous killing; those who are fixed when they take
without being given; ...in unrighteous adultery; ...unrighteous deceit;
...unrighteous separation wrong language; unfair and vulgar language; unjust
vulgar language; unrighteous greed; unfair malice; unfair views; wrong deeds;
five wrong desires; fixed, deeply fixed (attached), stuck, stopped, on the five
wrong covers, to be entered, to be stained, to be turned toward, to be attached,
to be fixed, to be obstructed.

"One should not make friends with those who are keen and loose": "Keen
(enthusiasts)," those who seek and beg on all desires, those with that
character, those who have more, those who value the other, those who target
that, the hardworking person, the ones who lean towards that, the overcomer, and
the uplifter, he is a passionate person. Anyone who is seeking and begging in
all forms because of thirst..., in sound..., (omitted) in smell..., in taste...,
in touch..., ...he is also a passionate one. Whoever gets in the forms because
of thirst..., in the sound..., ....he is also a passionate person. Anyone who is
used in all forms because of thirst..., in sound..., in smell..., in taste...,
in touch.... Enthusiasts, such as critics are enthusiastic about criticism,
workers are enthusiastic about work, those who walk on the path are keen on the
path, and meditators are keen on meditation; in the same way, whoever seeks,
...is a passionate one. Anyone that is seeking and begging in the various forms
because of thirst.... Whatever is obtained in the various forms because of
thirst.... "Loose (eased, relaxed)" means that in the evil deeds of the body, or
in the evil deeds of speech, or in the evil deeds of the mind, or in the five
desires, letting go can be turned, and the heart's abandonment does not arise.
Or, the state of no respect for the practice of good Dhamma, the state of
impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the state of being stuck to the
habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting responsibility,
not practicing not practicing much, not establishing, practicing, letting go
(relaxing). Anything like this state of relaxation, letting go, and ease is
called loose.

"Oneself should not make friends with those who are enthusiasts and loose": With
those who are enthusiasts one should not make friends; with those who are loose
one should not make friends; they should not make friends, should not engage in,
should not participate, should not be used, should not be practiced, and should
not be practiced fully, and should not be gone on with after accepting.

> 144 &middot; You should get close to people who learn a lot, those who hold the Dhamma,  
And excellent and eloquent friends,  
After knowing all the benefits and dispelling doubts,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Should be close to those who hear (learn) more and those who hold the Dhamma":
Friends are those who hear more, remember what they hear, accumulate what they
hear, and those who start with goodness, the middle is good, and the end is
good; the meaning is correct and the words are correct. He declares that there
is only perfection and purification of Brahma. Such a Dhamma has been heard,
remembered, memorized, observed with the heart, and penetrated with the good.
"Dhamma-holder," remembering of the Dhamma: Suttas, Geyya, Veyyākaraṇa, Gātha,
Udāna, Itivuttaka, Jātaka, Abbhuta Dhamma, Vedalla. "Should be close to those
who hear more and those who hold the Dhamma": Those who hear more and the Dhamma
holders should be close friends, should be completely close, should be obeyed,
one should bend to obey, one should be completely obedient, and should be
towards.

"Excellent, eloquent friends": Friends who are excellent in virtue of precept,
concentration, wisdom, liberation, and liberation of wisdom. There are three
types of eloquent people: the learned, the inquisitive, and the proven. What is
a learned debater? Here, a certain type of person is a learner of Buddhist
language (the teachings of the Buddha): Suttas, Verses, ..., appear after
relying on his learning.

What is a debater who asks repeatedly? Here, a certain type of person is a
questioner in (their own) interests, justice (righteous) (interests),
characteristics, reasons, possibility and impossibility, and appears after
reliance on his questioning.

What is a proven debater? Here, a certain type of person is the attainer of the
four mindfulnesses, the four righteousnesses, the four spiritual bases, the five
senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment elements, the eight holy paths,
the four Samaṇa fruits, the four debates, and the six magic powers. Those who
have known the reason, the known method, and the known word, the reason is
defended in the known principle, the method appears in the known Dhamma, the
word is defended in the known word, and the three types of wisdom are not
hindered. To understand the wisdom, the one who has the independent
enlightenment arrives, fully arrives, enters, fully enters, has enough, is fully
satisfied, and possesses this type of argument. If he hasn't learned,
questioned, and proved, what will he answer?

"You should get rid of doubt after knowing all the benefits": After knowing your
own interests, you should know the interests of others; after knowing the
interests of the two, after knowing the interests of the current life, after
knowing the interests of the future life, after knowing the highest interest,
after verifying, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying, suspecting, he will be removed, expelled, cut off,
discarded, terminated, and made to cease to exist.

> 145 &middot; Without satisfaction in the entertainment,  
Joy, desire and pleasure in the world,  
Without decoration (adornment),  
Become a person without interest,  
With separation from adornment, a truth-speaker,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Entertainment, joy and desire in the world": "Entertainment": There are two
types of entertainment: physical entertainment and verbal entertainment...
(omitted). "Joy," which is synonymous with being satisfied, is "joy." "Desire,"
this is said by the Blessed One [MN.139]: "Bhikkhus! There are five types of
desires, which five types? (Those that) can be known (recognized) by the eye,
which makes for desire, want, greed for form; ...the ear..., nose, tongue, body;
Bhikkhus! These are called the five desires. Bhikkhus! All the happiness and joy
that arise from these five desires, bhikkhus, this is called lust, filthy
happiness, ordinary people's happiness, and vulgar comfort. I said: 'It should
not be practiced, it should not be practiced much, you should be afraid of this
type of happiness.' Bhikkhus! The happiness and joy that arise from these five
desires, bhikkhus! This is called lust." "In the world," in the world of man.

"Become a non-interested one without decoration": In the entertainment and joy
in the world and the pleasure of the world, become non-interested, and without
decoration. After he has given up, driven away, after the end, and making it go
to non-existence.

"Separated from the state of decoration, speaking truly": "Decoration," there
are two types of decoration: there are decorations for the resident, and there
are decorations for the non-residents. What is the decoration of the resident?
Hair, beard, wreath, ..., this is the decoration of the layperson.

What is the decoration of non-resident? The decoration of clothes, the
decoration of the bowl, the decoration of the bed, the decoration of the rotten
body or the decoration of necessities, beautification (solemnity), desire to
dress up, well-dressed, greedy state, impetuous state, impetuous and shallow,
this is the decoration of non-residents (bhikkhus).

"True speaker," the one who is alone-enlightened is the true whisperer, the
truthful, the reliable, the trustworthy, and the one who has no deception in the
world. The decorative state has been separated, abstained, quashed, left,
renunciation, unbound, and liberation, he lives with an unrestrained heart.

> 146 &middot; Wife and parents, children,  
Wealth, grain, and relatives,  
After giving up all the desires in the scope,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"Children, wife and parents": "Son," there are four types of sons: sons born to
oneself, sons born in the field, adopted sons, and apprentices. The wife is
called the one who should be supported. "Father," that is the one who gave
produced (one). "Mother," that is the one who gave birth.

"Wealth, grain, and relatives": Gold, gold coins, pearls, orbs, glass, spirals,
rocks, corals, silver, gold, rubies, agate are called wealth (things). Grain
(things): rice, paddy rice, barley, wheat, millet, and grains, are grains (lit.
suitable for curry). "Relations," there are four types of relatives: direct
relatives are relatives, surname relatives are also relatives, sacred relatives
are also relatives, and skill (trade) relatives are also relatives.

"After abandoning all the desires according to the scope": "Desire," there are
two types of desires: .... "After abandoning all desires," after he knows the
desire for things, after abandoning the desire for pollution, after abandoning,
after being driven away, after finishing, and making it go beyond existence.
"After abandoning all the desires according to the scope": Any pollution that is
cut off by the Sotāpanna Path, those pollutions he no longer experiences and
does not return; all the pollution that is cut off by the Sakadāgāmī...; the
pollution that is cut off by the Anāgāmī Path...; the pollution that is cut off
by the Arahant Path will no longer be experienced or return to the pollution.

> 147 &middot; This is tie, there is little happiness here,  
Little (that is) enjoyable, and (there is) more suffering (here),  
Like this, this is a fishing hook; after knowing this,  
The wise person should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"This is a tie, there is little happiness here": "Tie," or "crochet," or
"tempting object," or "sticking," or "obstacle," which is synonymous with the
five desires. "Here is little happiness," this is said by the Blessed One:
"Bhikkhus! There are these five desires, which are the five? .... This pleasure
is small; this pleasure is insignificant; this pleasure is only some; this
pleasure is inferior; this pleasure is lesser; this pleasure is lower."

"Less enjoyment and more suffering here": The Blessed One said: "Desire causes
less pleasure but more suffering and more despair, there are more troubles
here;" the Blessed One said: "desire is like a skeleton..., like a piece of
flesh..., like a torch..., a charcoal pit..., dream, a borrowed thing, the fruit
a tree, a slaughterhouse, a sword halberd...;" the Blessed One said: "desire is
like a snake's head, and is bitter and desperate; there are more troubles here."
[MN.22]

"Like this, this is the fish hook, the wise one knows it": "hook," or "crochet,"
or "temptation," or "sticking," or "obstacle," which is synonymous with the five
desires. "Like this," the continuation of sentences; the connection of
sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words; the connection
of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this." "The wise" are
wise, enlightened, differentiated, and wise. "Like this, this is a fishing hook.
The one who knows the wisdom knows it": The one who knows the "hook" knows the
"crochet," knows the "temptation," knows the "sticking," knows the "binding,"
knows the "obstacles;" after knowing he understands, weighs, judges, separates,
and clarifies.

> 148 &middot; After breaking the knots,  
Like a fish in the water breaking the net,  
Like a fire not returning to the burnt object,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"After breaking the knots": There are ten types of knots: desire knot, hate
knot, conceit knot, see knot, doubt knot, covetous knot, have greed knot,
jealous knot, miserly knot, and ignorant knot. "After breaking the knots": After
the ten types of knots are broken, driven away, after finishing, and making them
go to non-existence.

"Like a fish in the water after breaking a net": The net is called a rope net,
the water (salilaṃ) is called water (udakaṃ), and the fish (ambucārī) is called
fish (maccho). Like a fish destroys, completely destroys, and breaks, the net is
completely broken and completely broken, it walks, lives, moves, goes on,
guards, and survives. Similarly, there are two types of nets: thirst nets and
seeing nets.... For the one who is enlightened, the thirst net has been cut off,
and the seeing net has been cut off. In the state where the thirst net has been
cut off, the saw net has been cut off. In the state of mindfulness, that
individual who is enlightened is not adhered to form, sound, or smell...
(omitted); seeing, hearing, perceiving, and being aware of the dhammas, they are
not adhered to, captured, bound, not unconscious, separated, left, liberated,
already leaving the bondage, he lives with the unrestrained heart.

"As the fire does not turn back to the burned object": As the fire burns grass
fuel, it goes until it does not turn back, and the same, for the
alone-enlightened person, all the pollution that is cut off by the Sotāpanna
Path, ..., does not return.

> 149 &middot; Those whose eyes are downward and those who do not wander,  
Those who guard the roots, those who protect the mind,  
Those who have no pollutions and are not burned all over (with passion),  
Should walk alone like rhinoceros.

"The one with the eyes down and the one that does not wander": How are the eyes
confused? Here, the bhikkhu is an restless in the eyes: what should be seen
becomes invisible, and what should be crossed (over) becomes seen. From the
garden to the garden, from the village to the village, from the town to the
town, from the city to the city, from the country to the country, from the place
to the place, he sees the long parades (processions) and occasional parades in
various forms.

Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor at home, a walker on the street, he walks
unprotected: he looks at the elephant, the horse, the cart, the infantry, the
boy, and the girl as he walks. Watching women, watching men, watching the
market, watching the door of the house, watching the top, watching the bottom,
and watching in all directions.

Or, after the bhikkhu sees a form with his eyes, he becomes a grasper of
appearance and a grasper of subtle appearance, because when he stays at the root
of his eyes, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in. He does not act according to
his self-control, does not protect the roots of the eyes, and does not achieve
self-control [SN.35.120] of the roots of the eyes.

Or if some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇa masters received food offered by faith, they
dwelt at performances and watched like this: dancing, singing, music, drama,
speaking about ancient times, handbells, cymbals, drums, magic, iron balls,
bamboo stick play, stunts, elephant fighting, horse fighting, buffalo fighting,
bull fighting, goat fighting, ram fighting, rooster fighting, quail fighting,
club fighting, fist fighting, wrestling, exercises, drills, army formations,
military parade [DN.1], etc., who are engaged in watching various performances
like this.

How is the eye down? Here, the bhikkhu is not a person with unstable eyes, and
one who does not possess (restless) eyes: what should be seen becomes
invisible..., from places to places, he didn't want to see long parades and
occasional parades in various forms.

Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to the home, a walker on the street, he walks
protectively: he does not look at the elephant while walking, does not look at
the horse, ...the cart..., ...the infantry..., does not look at all directions.

Or, after the bhikkhu sees the form with his eyes, he does not become a grasper
of the form or a grasper of the subtle form, because when he stays at the root
of the eye, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in, and he will act according to
his self-control, protect the root of the eye and achieve self-control of the
root of the eye.

Or if some Samaṇas and Brāhmaṇa masters received the food offered by faith, they
did not dwell at at the performances and watch like this, that is: dancing,
singing, music... (omitted), avoiding watching the performances like this.

"And not wandering," how is it wandering? Here, a certain type of bhikkhu is a
wanderer, with wandering nature: from garden to garden, ..., from place to
place, he lives engaged in long parades and irregular parades.

Or a wandering bhikkhu in the bhikkhu's garden, wandering: for no benefit, no
reason, uprooted, quietly walking from the bhikkhu's room to the bhikkhu's room,
from residence to residence, from half-roof house..., from high-rise..., flat
house, cave, hut, pavilion,observation deck, tent, shed, lecture hall, round
house, tree, or where the bhikkhus sit, and he walks there, where the first
becomes the second, or the second position becomes the third position, or the
third position becomes the fourth position. There is a lot of miscellaneous
talking there, namely: the theory (talk) of kings, of thieves, ministers, army,
fear, war, food, beverage, clothing, bedding, garland, smell, kinship, cart
ride, village, town, city, land, woman, (man theory,) hero, street, water well,
ancestor spirit, various things, world origin, ocean origin, and so on [DN.1].

"One who does not wander," the one who has been separated from wandering, has
abstained, has given up, has left, has been freed, has separated from the
bondage, and is happy to be alone with an unrestrained heart. The sitting
person, the person who likes to sit alone, the practitioner of inner cessation,
the person who does not despise the jhāna, has the observer, and increases the
vacant house, the meditator, the jhāna-loving person, the singular practitioner,
and the admirer of his own interests.

"The one who protects the root, the one who protects the mind": "The one who
protects the root," The one who, seeing form with his eyes, does not become a
grasper of appearance, a grasper of details, because he when he lives at the
root of the eye he is unprotected, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in. He acts
according to his self-control, protects the eye roots, achieves self-control at
the eye roots; when he listens to sounds with his ears..., after smelling with
his nose..., after tasting the taste of the tongue..., touching the touch with
the body..., after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, he will not become the
grasper of the aspect, the grasper of the subtle aspect, because when the mind
is not protected, he will be greedy and worried, evil and unwholesome dhammas
will flow in, and he will act according to his self-control, protect the root of
mind, and achieve self-control on the root of mind The "protective mind" is the
guardian of the mind.

"Those who have no leaks (pollution) and are not burned all over": This is said
by the Venerable Moggallāna [SN.35.243]: "Mendicants! I will teach you about
leaking and not leaking. You have to listen! Be careful! I'm going to say it."
Venerable Moggallāna said:

"Mendicants! What is a leaker? Mendicants! Here, after seeing the form with his
eyes, the bhikkhu falls in love with the desirable form, rejects the unlovable
form, lives without establishing mindfulness of the body, and their heart is
limited. Liberation: the evil and unwholesome dhammas that have arisen have no
end; after hearing the sound with ears... (omitted), after knowing the dhamma
with consciousness, fall in love with the lovable dhamma, reject the unlovable
dhamma, live in the body and have no thoughts, without the truth of mind relief,
freedom from wisdom, and wisdom liberation: those evil and unwholesome dhammas
that have arisen have no extinguishment, fellow students! This is called the
bhikkhu who is the leaker in the form that can be recognized by the eye....
Students! When the Bhikkhu lives like this, if the demon approaches him from the
eyes, the demon gets the opportunity and the demon gets the object; if the demon
approaches him from the ear... (omitted;) if the demon approaches him
intentionally he, the devil, gets the opportunity, the devil gets the object.

Mendicants! It is like a reed house or thatched house that has been dry for
three or four years. If a man approaches it with a burning torch from the east,
the fire will get the opportunity and the fire will get the object; if the man
is from the west... (omitted), if from the north..., if From the south..., if
from below..., if from above..., if a man approaches it with a burning torch no
matter which direction it is from, the fire will get the opportunity and the
fire will get the object. Similarly, fellow students! When the bhikkhu lives
like this, if the demon approaches him from the eye, the demon gets the
opportunity and the demon gets the object; if the demon is from the ear....

Mendicants! When living like this, form conquers bhikkhus rather than bhikkhus
conquering form; ...sound...; smell...; taste....; touches....; Dhamma...;
fellow students! This is called a bhikkhu who is conquered by form, conquered by
sound, conquered by smell, conquered by taste, conquered by touch, conquered by
Dhamma; conquered, not conqueror; polluted, reborn, and distressed; retribution,
he will be killed by the evil dhamma of life and death in the future. Friends!
This is the leaker.

Mendicants! How is it not to leak? Friends! Here, after seeing form with his
eyes, the bhikkhu does not fall in love with the desirable form, does not reject
the undesirable, lives having established mindfulness of the body, with an
unrestrained heart, immeasurable, truthfully knowing the mind, and liberated by
wisdom; the evil and unwholesome dhammas that arise can be destroyed. After
hearing the sound... (omitted), and liberate from wisdom: there is no end to the
evil and unwholesome Dhamma that arises, fellow students! This is called a
bhikkhu who does not leak out in terms of the forms that can be recognized by
the eye.... Friends! When the bhikkhu lives in this way, if the demon approaches
him from the eyes, the demon neither gets the opportunity nor the object; if
from the ear... (omitted) if the demon approaches him intentionally, the demon
neither gets the chance, nor the object.

Mendicants! It is like a heavy pavilion or a lecture hall newly coated with
thick clay. If a man approaches it with a burning torch from the east, the fire
will neither have a chance nor an object; if it is from the west..., no matter
which direction it is from, the fire will neither get the chance nor the object.
Similarly, fellow students! When the bhikkhu lives like this, if the demon
approaches him from the eye, the demon will neither get the opportunity nor the
object..., if the demon approaches him deliberately, the demon will neither get
the opportunity nor the object.

Mendicants! When living in this way, bhikkhus conquer form are not conquered by
form;and non-form; ...sound...; ...tastes..., smells, touches, Dhamma, ...fellow
students! This is called the bhikkhu conquering form, conquering sound,
conquering smell, conquering taste, conquering touch, conquering the Dhamma; the
conqueror, not the conquered; he conquers the polluted, regenerated, distressed,
and bitter, the evil and unwholesome Dhamma of life and death in the future.
Friends! This is the one who does not leak."

"Those who are not burned all over," those who are not burnt by the scorching
heat of greed; those who are not burned by the scorching heat of anger; those
who are not burned by the scorching heat of ignorance.

> 150 &middot; After leaving the marks of the family member (layperson),  
Like a pāricchattaka tree covered with leaves,  
In the yellow robes, after leaving home,  
One should walk alone like a rhinoceros.

"After taking off the mark of the layman": hair, beard..., are called the mark
of the layman. "After taking off the mark of the family member": After the
family member's mark is abandoned, after completely abandoning, after putting
down, after stopping.

"Like a pāricchattaka tree covered with leaves": Like the pāricchattaka tree
with dense leaves and thick shade. Similarly, that alone-enlightened person is a
perfect mantle-bearer. (Some translations of this sutta use "...having shed its
leaves;" this seems in line with previous verses and makes sense in context, but
does not seem to be what is literally written here).

"In the robes, after leaving home": The single-conscious person cut off all
obstacles of the house, cut off the obstacles of his children and wife, ...of
relatives, ...friends, ...storage; after removing the obstacles, shaved hair and
beard, wrapped in robes, went from home to a non-domestic (monastic) life, and
began to walk alone, live, act, go on, guard, and survive, after becoming in a
state of nothing.

\newpage
