### 3. Evil

15. Some people truly speak with a malicious heart, others say with a true
    heart,
The Muni does not arrive to the arisen controversy, so the Muni is not desolate
    wherever he is.

"Some do say it with a malicious heart": "Those outsiders say with a malicious
heart, with a hostile heart, with a heart of opposition, a heart with of the
blow, a heart with a backlash, a heart with harm, with the insulting heart,
behind the back, said falsely, insulting the World-Honored One and the Bhikkhu
Saṅgha." Some truly say maliciously.

"Others do say it with a true heart": "Anyone who believes in, trusts, , who has
a true mind with a true heart, who has a true mind with a factual heart, and who
has a truthful heart, those who think truthfully, those who think with a certain
heart and those who think with a certain heart, those who do not think with a
heart that are is upside down (inverted), (do not) say falsely, (dot not) insult
the Blessed One and the Bhikkhu Saṅgha." Others, they say with a true heart.

"The controversy that has arisen, Muni does not arrive (at)": "The controversy
that has arisen, has been born, has appeared: further alley talk, insults,
reprimands, false claims of the Blessed One and the Bhikkhu Saṅgha." The living
controversy. "Muni does not reach": "Muni", ...(omitted, see previous sections).
Whoever reaches the dispute, he arrives for two reasons: the author arrives at
(the) dispute as an author, or when he is talked of or reprimanded he was angry,
rejected, stubborn, showing anger, aversion, dissatisfaction (, saying): "I am
not the author." Those who reach the dispute arrive with these two reasons. Muni
does not reach the dispute for two reasons: Muni is not the author, and does not
reach (the) controversy as an author, or when he is talked about or reprimanded,
he does not get angry, reject, be stubborn, does not show anger, aversion,
dissatisfaction (, saying): "I am not the author." Mu Ni did not arrive, does
not arrive, does not hold, does not cling to (the) controversy, for two
reasons." The controversy that Mu Ni did not arrive (at).

"Therefore, wherever Muni is, there is no barrenness": "Therefore," because of
that reason, that cause, that condition, and that cause, it is a state of no
attacking heart, a state of no desolation, no five kinds of barrenness of heart
[MN.16], there are no three kinds of barrenness [SN.45.166]: the barrenness of
greed, the barrenness of anger, the barrenness of ignorance; he does not exist,
is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, severed, calmed down,
stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "No matter where it is",
no matter where, wherever, inside or outside or inside and outside." For this
reason, no matter where Muni is, there is no barrenness anywhere.

16. How can one cross one's own view? Guided by desire, fixed by (personal)
    hobbies (preferences),
Performing his own accomplishment, indeed he will say as he knows.

"How can one's own views be crossed": "Anyone (outlaw??) who kills Sun Tuoli
(??) female marchers and declares Samaṇa Shakya's disrepute, (thinking:) "In
this way, we will get back the benefits, reputation, Respect." Those who see
this way, people like this, lovers like this, advocates like this, and those
with these intentions, they cannot go through their own views, their likes,
their own hobbies, their own opinions, their own intentions; then at that time,
the dishonour is returned to themselves." How can this be my own view? Or, "'The
world is everlasting, this is real, and everything else is empty.' Whoever says
this, his own views, his likes..., how can one's own intentions be able to
cross, traverse, surpass, and overcome? What is the reason? His vision is
completed, held, grasped, attached, and taken like that, "I have been
convinced." How can I cross it in this way? "The world is very constant...
(omitted) The world is bounded... The world is boundless... Fate is the body...
Fate is one body is the other... Tathāgata exists after death... Tathāgata does
not exist after death... The Tathāgata after death exists and does not exist...
The Tathāgata after death neither exists nor does not exist; this is true, and
everything else is empty." Whoever says like this, his own views, his likes,
..., how can they be able to cross, traverse, surpass, and overcome? What is the
reason? His vision is completed, held, grasped, grasped, attached, taken,
believed and understood like that. "How can one's own view cross?"

"Guided by desire, fixed by (personal) hobbies": ""guided by desire", "He is
carried, taken, carried by his own views, ..., as if by carts or carriages,
two-wheeled carts, ox carts, goat carts, ram carts, camel carts, donkeys and
horses carts, to walk, take away, and carry. In the same way, he was driven by
his own views, his own preferences, his own hobbies, and his own opinions.
Carried away, taken away, carried." To be guided by desire. "Fixed by (personal)
hobbies", he is fixed, stopped, stuck, entered, stained by his own views, his
own hobbies, and his own opinions, and turned his heart towards (a victorious
solution)." To be guided by desire and fixed by (personal) preferences.

"Implementing what I have done": "Implementing what I have done; performing
satisfactorily; performing perfectly; performing first, most successful,
outstanding, top, most winning: (I thought:) "This master is the all-wise man."
Carrying out what we have done by ourselves; carrying out satisfactorily, ...,
(Thinking:) "This Dhamma is said by the good... (omitted), This group follows
the good... This seeing is good... This Path is based on the good... This Path
is renunciation." The execution is done by oneself, performed satisfactorily...,
he makes it happen, produces it makes it arise, makes it happen." To carry out
what I have done myself.

"Indeed he will say as he knows": "He will say, tell, talk, explain, and say as
he knows, "The world is constant, this is true, and everything else is empty."
To say, tell, talk, explain, and say, "The world is very constant...
(omitted)... after death, the Tathāgata neither exists nor does not exist, this
is true, and everything else is empty." He will speak, tell, talk, explain."
Truly he will say as he knows.

17. The mortal person who tells of his own precepts and prohibitions to others
    without having been asked,
Skillful people say that that is not the Holy Dhamma, those who speak of
    themselves by themselves.

"His own precepts and prohibitions": ""What", what is like, such as effort, such
as arrangement, such as kind, wherever has arrived, where is khattiya, or
Brahmin, or Vaisha, or head Dhara, or at home, or out of the home (monastics),
or heaven, or person. "Precepts and prohibitions", there are precepts and
prohibitions, there are prohibitions (and) non-precepts. What are precepts and
prohibitions? Here, the monk is a preceptor, to live under the protection of the
self-control of Patimokkha, with sufficient righteousness and state, to see fear
in minor sins, and to learn after being held in school. Wherever there is
restraint, self-control, and non-violation, this is the precept; it is
prohibition. Taking self-control as the precept; observing the righteousness as
the prohibition is called precept and prohibition. What is the prohibition (and)
non-precept? There are eight heads: the wild branch, the begging branch, the
dung sweeping branch, the three clothing sticks, the second begging sticks,
after eating, not eating sticks, often sitting (not lying) sticks, staying
anywhere, this is called prohibition (and) non-precept. The observance of
vitality is also called prohibition (and) non-precept: "I would rather leave
only the skin, tendons, and bones; if the flesh and blood of the body is dried
up, as long as human perseverance, human strength, human vitality, and human
efforts should be achieved but (the goal??) not achieved, there will be no stop
of vitality. [SN.12.22]" He is dedicated and diligent, like this is the
observance of vitality, which is called prohibition (and) non-precept.

"I will neither eat nor drink, nor go out of my residence,
nor cause the thigh to fall (lying down): when the arrow of thirst cannot be
    removed. "[Thag.223]

He is dedicated and diligent, and the observance of such vitality is also called
prohibition (and) non-precept. "As long as my mind is not free from all
defilements by not clinging, I will not break this cross-legged (posture)!
[MN.32]" He is dedicated, hardworking, and observing such vitality is also
called prohibition (and) non-precept. "As long as my mind is not free from all
the troubles by not clinging, I will not rise from this seat..., I will not walk
down from the experience.., I will not go out from the dwelling..., I will not
go out from the half-roofed house..., ...from the tall building..., the
flat-roofed house, the cave (cavern), the cave (grotto), the hut, the heavy
pavilion, the observation deck, the round house, the shed, the lecture hall, the
tend, ...I will not go out from under the tree...

"Just before this noon I will acquire, fully obtain, attain, reach, and testify
about the Holy Dhamma"..., "Just this noon..., in the evening..., before eating,
after eating, before the night, midnight, after the night, at the time of death,
at the time of the white moon, in the rainy season, in the winter, in the
summer, in youth, in middle age, in old age, I will acquire, fully obtain,
attain, reach, and testify about the Holy Dhamma. He is dedicated and diligent,
and the observance of such vitality is also called prohibition (and)
non-precept. "Humans" are sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins,
people, individuals, lives, those born to people, those born to Indra, and Manu.
" Mortals' own precepts and prohibitions.

"Speaking about (the above) without having been asked by other people": ""To
other people", to other khattiya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, ...(omitted, see
previous sections). "Not to be asked", not being questioned; not being asked;
not being begged; not being inquired of; not being asked to make clear. "Say",
say one's precepts, or prohibitions, or precepts and prohibitions: I am a
"person of sufficient precepts", or "sufficient in prohibitions", "in precepts
and prohibitions, one who is sufficient", either by birth, or by surname, or by
good family, or by appearance and beauty as a lotus, or by property, or by
research (acquisition), or by profession, either by skill, or by illuminating
(academic), or by what you have heard, or by arguing, or "being a monk from your
family", or "being a monk from a big family", or "from a big family" a wealthy
monk, or a monk from a wealthy wealthy family, or a monk who is in the same
household and a monk is a well-known person or a famous person, or on clothing,
food, shelter, necessities of the patient, and medical necessities, or
"teacher", or "lawyer (law holder)", or "speaker", or "lives in the forest", or
"begging", or "wearing dung and sweeping clothes", or "but the three-clothed
person", or "the second beggar", or "the person who does not eat after eating
(eating once)", or "the person who often sits (not lying)", or "the person who
lives anywhere", or "the first jhāna person" , or "the obtainer of the second
jhāna", or "the obtainer of the third jhāna", or "the obtainer of the fourth
jhāna", or "the obtainer who waits in the boundless void (fifth)", or "the one
who waits until the boundless consciousness (sixth)", or "the gainer who has
nothing to wait for (seventh)", "the gainer who does not want to wait everywhere
(??)", he speaks, tells, talks, explains, and says." To say to other people
without being asked.

"Skillful ones say that that is not the Holy Dhamma": ""Skillful ones", those
who possess skill, those skilled in the realm,, those who are dependent on the
skillful, those who mindful of the skillful, those who are diligent and
skillful, the sacred and skillful, the root and the skillful, the good, those
who are righteous, the skilful in the Path, the skillful in the Fruit, the
skillful people of Nibbāna, those skillful ones say this: "This is the unsagely
Dhamma, this is not the Dhamma of the sage, this is the Dhamma of the fool, this
is not the Dhamma of the wise, this is the Dhamma of the non-good people, this
is not the Dhamma of the good people." They tell, speak, explain, and say so."
The skilful people say that it is not the Holy Dhamma.

"Anyone who speaks of himself": "He is called himself. "Speak by yourself",
speak of yourself as "I am a "sufficient person", or a "restricted person", or
"precept and prohibitions are enough"...(omitted)..., he says, talks, explains,
said." Those who speak of themselves.

18. A silent bhikkhu, a person in a completely cooled state, does not boast "I
    am like this" in the precepts,
The skillful people say that it is the Holy Dhamma, for him there is no increase
    anywhere in the world.

"Silent bhikkhus, those who are in a completely cooled state": "silent", "the
greed has subsided so the state is silent; the anger has subsided so state is
silent; ...ignorance..., ...resentment.., ...domineering..., (omitted, see
previous sections)... all unwholesome contrived state has been silenced, calmed
down, cooled down, the extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed state,
and the cessation state are silent, still, calmed, cooled, stopped." Silent.
"Bhikkhu",  the state of the destroyed seven dhammas is Bhikkhu: seeing is
destroyed, suspicion is destroyed, prohibition is destroyed, greed is destroyed,
anger is destroyed, delusion is destroyed, sloth is destroyed, and those evil
and unwholesome dhammas are destroyed: shun the pollution, the others, the fear,
the bitter fruit, the future will be old and dead (??).

The Blessed One [Sn.3.6, 519]:

"Take the path I have practiced to reach Nibbāna and transcend skeptics,"
After abandoning nothingness and existence, the one who has been completed, and
the one who is extinct, is a Bhikkhu."

"Silent Bhikkhus, those in a state of complete cooling": "Those who make the
state of greed extinguished are those in the state of complete cooling,
...anger..., ...ignorance..., (omitted)." Those who are in a silent state and
those in a state of complete cooling.

"I don't boast about "I am like this" in the precepts: ""I am like this", the
continuation of the sentences; the connection of the sentences; the consummation
of the sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is a
second sentence; this is "I am like this." "I don't boast in the precepts."
Here, there is a type of boasting and: I am a "restricted person",
...(omitted).... In this way he does not boast or show off. He has been
separated from boasting, has renounced, has abandoned, has given up, has been
separated, has been freed, has renounced bondage, he lives with the heart of
separation and limitation." To not boast "I am like this".

"Skillful ones say that it is the Holy Dhamma": ""Skillful ones," ..., those
skillful people say: "This is the righteous Dhamma, this is not the Dhamma of
the unrighteous, this is the Dhamma of the wise, this is not the Dhamma of the
fool, this is the Dhamma of the virtuous man, this is not the Dhamma of the
unvirtuous man." They say so, speak so, tell so, explain so, say so." The
skillful people say that is the Holy Dhamma.

"For him increase (surge, growth) does not exist anywhere in the world": ""For
him", for the Arahant; for those who have exhausted troubles. "Surge", there are
seven surges: greed, aggression, delusion, sloth, seeing, pollution, kamma
increases. For those people, these increases are not, do not exist, are not
known, and have not been discovered; cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped,
unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom. "No matter where", no matter
where, wherever, inside or outside or (both) inside and outside. "In the world",
in the world of suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world
of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places." For him, increase does
not exist anywhere in the world.

19. All the dhammas that are fixed for him, which are valued and impure,
Who sees benefits in himself, is a dependant who shakes the silence. (??)

"All the dhammas that are fixed for him, which are useful": ""Constant view",
there are two kinds of conscientious views: .... "Proactive", "Proactive,
pretentious, and cohabiting" are active. In addition, "The impermanence, the
action, and the condition-born are the dhammas of the extinction, the
dissipation, the fading, and the dhammas" are also active (??). "Whatever is for
him" is for those who see evil. "Dhamma" It is called sixty-two evil views." All
the dhammas that have a fixed view for him.

"Being valued (and) impure": "Being valued", there are two kinds of importance:
.... "For him, the importance of thirst is not cut off, the importance of seeing
has not been cut off, the state of the importance of thirst is not cut off, the
state of the importance of seeing is not cut off, he puts thirst for love or
sees before and walks (in the front or back??), thirst as a flag, thirst as a
pillar, thirst increases, seen as flag, seen as tower, seen as increase, be have
desire to love or see and follow (??)." To be valued. "Existence", to be, to be
known, to have, to be discovered. "Impure", impure, improper, unclean, polluted,
contaminated." To be valued (and) impure.

"Whoever sees benefits in oneself": ""Where + on oneself" is on oneself (??). He
is called evil view, and he sees two benefits of his own view: the benefit in
life and the benefit in the afterlife. What is the life benefit of seeing (this
view)? Every view that the master has, so do the disciples. For that view of the
master, the disciples respect, admire, adore, and respect, because of that he
gets clothes, food, shelter, patients' necessities, and medical necessities,
this is the immediate benefit of seeing. What is the afterlife benefit of seeing
(this view)? "This seeing is enough to become the state of the dragon (dragon
world), or the state of the golden-winged bird, or the state of the Yaksha, or
the state of Asura, or the state of Gandhara, or the state of the king, or the
state of Indra, or the state of Brahma, or the state of heaven, this view is
pure, clean, all pure; detachment, liberation, breaking away, from all over, to
see them become pure, to become purified, to become pure; to be detached, to be
liberated, to be freed, to see that I will become pure, to become purified, to
become pure; to escape, be liberated, and be detached everywhere." For the
expectation of future fruit, this is the afterlife benefit of seeing. He sees,
watches, stares, contemplates, and observes the two benefits of his own view."
This is one who sees the benefits in himself.

"He is a dependant who shakes the stillness (silence)": There are three kinds of
stillness: ultimate stillness, that part stillness, and worldly stillness. What
exactly is silence? Ultimate silence is called immortality, Nibbāna, where all
those actions cease, all dependent cessation, the cessation of craving, greed,
extinction, and Nibbāna, this is ultimate silence. What is that part of silence?
For those who enter the first jhāna, the gazes are silenced; for those who enter
the second jhāna, search is silenced; for those who enter the third jhāna, they
are happy (their joy??) to be silenced; for those who enter the fourth jhāna,
they are happy to be quiet (should be something like "happiness and
suffering"??); for those who enter the void and boundlessness (fifth), lust,
thinking, and all kinds of desires are silenced; for those who enter the
boundlessness of consciousness (sixth), the void and boundlessness to be quiet;
for those who enter the void and nowhere (seventh) it is said that knowledge has
no bounds to to be silenced; for those who enter the non-imaginary place
(neither perception nor non-perception??) and wait until there is no place to be
silenced, this is the part of silence. What is worldly silence? The sixty-two
evil views, (because) the stillness of seeing is called secular stillness, and
in this sense it is secular stillness: it has the meaning of "silence". "He is a
dependant of shaking stillness": "He is shaking stillness, strong shaking
stillness, moving stillness, fluctuating stillness, impacting stillness,
constructed stillness, fixed view, silence is impermanent, active, and
conditioned; it is the dependent, stuck, adherent, trapped, afflicted, and
mind-oriented." He is a dependant who shakes the silence.

20. The attachment to seeing (views) is indeed not easy to overcome: it is held
    tightly after being selected among Dhammas,
Therefore, everyone rejects and holds the Dhamma in those attachments.

"The attachment to seeing (views) is indeed not easy to overcome": "The
attachment to seeing", "The world is constant, this is real, and everything else
is empty." The persistence, clinging to the dwelling place of seeing (the view);
"The world is very constant...", ...(omitted)... "The obsession of seeing is
indeed not easy to overcome": "The obsession of seeing is indeed not easy to
overcome, difficult to surpass, difficult to escape, difficult to transcend,
difficult to pass, and difficult to overcome." It is not easy to overcome.

"After selecting among the Dhammas, it is held tightly": ""On the Dhamma", in
the sixty-two evil views. "After selection", after decision, after judgment,
after measurement, after evaluation, after judgment, after separation, after
clarification. "To be grasped", limited grasp, partial grasp, uppermost grasp,
fixed amount grasp, accumulation grasp: this is true, truthful, facts,
correctness, and not inverted, to be held, clenched, clinging, taken, believed
to be understood." Being held tightly after selecting in the Dhamma.

"Therefore everyone is in those attachments": "Therefore", ... "Everyone", ....
"On those attachments", on those attachments of seeing (views)." Therefore,
everyone is, on those attachments.

"Rejection and holding of the Dhamma": ""Rejection", he refuses for two reasons:
he refuses by interruption by others, or he refuses when it is not reached (by
him). How to refuse by interruption by others? Judgment: That master is not the
all wise man, the Dhamma is not said to be good, (its) groups (of people) are
not those who do what is good, seeing is not good, the path is not set up by the
good, the path is not detached, there is no purity here, or purification, or all
over pure; or free, or liberated, or all out, it's inferior, despicable, low,
trivial, inferior intent, insignificant; and this is "interrupted by others." In
this way, when interrupted, he rejects the master, the narration of the Dhamma,
the group, and the meeting, refuse the path, reject the Path, so that it is
'interrupted by others'. How does he refuse when it is not reached (by him)? He
rejects when the precept is not reached, he rejects when the prohibition is not
reached, and when the precept and prohibition are not reached, he refuses, so he
refuses when it is not reached. "And grasping", he grasps the master, grasps the
narration, grasps the group, grasps the view, grasps the way, grasps the path,
he grasps, persists." Rejection and holding of the Dhamma.

21. For those who are cleansed, there is no place in the world where there are
    all kinds of (incorrect) views (of existence),
After the cleansed one has abandoned deception and conceit, what would he fall
    into?

"For those who are cleansed, there is indeed no place in the world, where there
are all kinds of views": "Cleansing", cleansing is called wisdom, which is
wisdom...(omitted) For what reason is cleansed called Wisdom? With that wisdom,
the evil deeds of the body are shaken off, cleansed, completely cleansed, and
washed away; the evil deeds of speech...; malevolent acts..., greed...; anger,
ignorance, ...(omitted)...; all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all
scorching heat, all heat troubles, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, washed,
completely washed, and separated by washing, for this reason cleansing is called
wisdom.

Or, evil views are shaken off..., washed away by right views; evil words...,
right words; evil kamma..., right deeds; evil destiny..., righteous destiny;
evil spirit..., righteous effort; evil thoughts..., right thoughts; evil
deeds..., right concentration; evil wisdom..., right wisdom; evil liberation...,
right liberation; cleansed, completely cleansed, and washed away.

Or, all pollution, all evil deeds, all afflictions, all scorching heat, all heat
afflictions, all unwholesome deeds are shaken off, cleansed, completely
cleansed, and separated by cleansing by the eight holy paths, and the Arahant
possesses, fully possesses, enters, fully enters, fully-sufficient,
fully-satisfied, possessing these dhammas that can be cleansed. Therefore, the
Arahant is a cleansed person. "He is the one who shakes off the greed, the evil,
the pollution, and the heat sink (irritation??)." The washer. "No matter where",
no matter where, anywhere, wherever, inside or outside or (both) inside and
outside. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted).

There are two kinds of fixed views: the fixed views because of desire and the
fixed views (because) of view... (omitted). "In all kinds of existence", in all
kinds of kamma, the desire to have again; in the desire to have, the form of
existence; in the form of existence, the formlessness, there is again (??); in
the kamma of the formless existence, there is again and again; in the repeated
interest, in the rebirth, in the rebirth (??), and in the individual birth." For
those who are cleansed, no matter where they are in the world, there are indeed
no views, and there are (none of) all kinds of fixed views": "For those who are
cleansed, no matter where in the world, there are (??) building on all kinds of
things, fixed, contrived, make the cohabitation stand to see that he is not,
does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, severed,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." For those
who are cleansed, no matter where in the world, there is indeed (none of) are
all kinds of fixed views.

"The person who cleans up abandons deception and conceit": Deception is called
deception. Here, after a certain type of person performs evil deeds with the
body; after the evil deeds with the language; after the evil deeds with the
intention, the desire to hide the evil is established. He wants: "May he not
know me (my deeds, etc.)!" He doesn't want to know me!" Says "May he not know
me!"; work hard physically (??), "May he not know me! [AN.6.45]" In cases of
deception, cross-border (violation), concealment, obfuscation, keeping secrets,
hiding, concealing (keeping secrets all over), covering, covering all over,
undisclosed acts, and covering up evil acts are called deceptions.

"Conceit", one kind is conceited: that is the height of the heart; two kinds...:
self praise is conceited, contempt for others is conceited; three: "I am the
winner"..., "I am the same", "I am the inferior"; four: to gain, to have fame,
use praise, and music (??); five: "I do get the desired form", "I do get the
desired sound", smell... taste... touch...."; six kinds: with eyes..., ears...,
nose, tongue, the body is fullness (??)...satisfaction of the mind makes it
conceited; seven: conceit, arrogance, conceit and arrogance, humbleness, conceit
of increase, conceit of self-reality, conceit of evil; eight: obtaining makes it
conceited, not obtaining..., fame, no fame, praise, rebuke, happiness, and
suffering; nine: the winner thinks: "I am the winner"..., the winner thinks: "I
am the same", the winner thinks: "I am the inferior"...; and equal think: "I am
the winner", the equal thinks: "I am the same", the equal thinks: "I am the
inferior", the inferior thinks: "I am the winner", the inferior thinks: "I am
the same", the inferior thinks: "I am the inferior"; there are ten kinds...:
here, by certain birth, or surname, or good family, or beauty as a lotus, or
property, or research (acquisition), or career, or craftsmanship, or Ming (??)
(academic), or by what you hear, or by arguing, or by something to make it
conceited; anyone who, like this, kind of heart conceit, thinks, perceives the
situation, tribute high (??), high conceit, banner, high, heart vanity is called
conceited. "The cleansed one abandons the deceit and conceit": "After the
cleansed one abandons, after discarding, after being driven away, after
finishing, and making it go to non-existence." The cleansed ones abandon
deception and conceit.

"He is a non-attached person, what would he fall into?": ""Attachment", there
are two kinds of attachments.... For him, the attachment to love has been cut
off; the attachment to seeing (views) has been cut off, the state where the
attachment to seeing (is??) has been cut off; not-attached people will fall in
with what greed, with what aversion, with what delusion, with what conceit, with
what perception, with what fall (??), with what doubt, what kind of potential
trouble,  and become the "infected", or "disgusting", or "ignorant", or "bound",
or "attacker", or "coming to the scattered chaos", or "coming to the
unsatisfactory", or "coming to the stalwart"? What kind of state will the state
where the deeds have been cut off and the deeds will fall into the interesting
place and become "the hell"(??), or "the animal world", or "hungry ghost world",
or "human", or "heaven", or "formed", or "formless", or "thinking", or "not
thinking", or "neither a thinker nor a thoughtless one"? He has no cause, no
predestiny, and no factors that will fall into it." Because he is an unattached
person, what would he fall into?

22. The climber has indeed reached a dispute on the various Dhammas, how can one
    say that there is no attachment? (??"what could one dispute about with one
    with no attachment?")
What taken and rejected do not exist for him, and he wiped out everything
    (views) in this life.

"Climbers have indeed reached controversy in all dhammas": ""Climbing", there
are two kinds of climbing: the craving and seeing.... For him, the climbing of
thirst has not been cut off; the climbing of seeing has not been cut off, in the
state of being unbroken, the state of climbing of seeing reached disputes in the
dhamma, becoming the "infected", or the "disgusting", or the "stupid", or the
"bound", or the "holding", or "coming to disorganization", or "coming to the
undesirable", or "coming to the fortitude", the state of the unremoved, the
unresolved state of the creations, in the interest of the controversy, becomes
the "fall to hell people", or "those who fell into the animal world", or "those
who fell into the hungry ghost world", or "human", or "heaven", or "formed", or
"formless", or "thinking", or " the non-thinking person, or the "neither the
thinking nor non-thinking person", he arrives, holds, grasps, and persists
(obsesses??)." The climber does reach the dispute in all dhamma.

"How and by what can be said of the non-attachment": ""Attachment", there are
two kinds of attachment: .... For him, the attachment of thirst has been cut
off...; with what greed..., in terms of the underlying tendency of trouble, can
you say that the non-attachment person is the "infected", or the "disgusting",
or the "ignorant", or the "bound", or the "attacker", or "coming to
disorganization" ", or "coming to the unsatisfactory", or "coming to the
stalwart"? What can be said of the state in which the deeds have been cut
off.... He has no cause, no fate, there are no factors that can say, can tell,
can talk, can explain, and can speak." How can one say (to what who has) no
attachment?

"Taking and rejecting do not exist for him": "The "taking" are for me to see, he
does not have, the "rejection" is for the extinction, he does not; the "taking"
for the grasping, he did not, and the "rejection" is the one that should be
released, he does not. Anything that should be held, there is something that
should be released; everything that should be released, there are those that
should be held. Taking and rejecting has been surpassed, and the Arahant has
surpassed consciousness and retreat. He is a person who has descended into a
state, who has practiced, who has completed the journey, who has reached the
direction, the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth." Taking and refusal
do not exist for him.

"In this life he sweeps away all views": "For him, the sixty-two evil views have
been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire
of wisdom, and all evil views, he swept, shook off, shakes off completely,
shakes down, gives up, drives away, make to end, make them to go to
non-existence, in this life." In this life, he sweeps away everything.

\newpage
