### 9. Māgandiya

70. After seeing Tanḥā , Aratī, and Ragā, I had no desire in lust,
(So) why (should I desire) this, full of urine and excrement? I don't (even)
    want to touch it with my feet.

"After seeing Tanḥā, Aratī, and Ragā (the daughters of Mara — could also be
translated as "thirst, unhappiness, and greed"", I have no desire in lust":
"After seeing the daughters of the demon, Tanḥā, Aratī, and Ragā (or, thirst,
unhappiness, and greed)), I had no desire in the dhamma of lust, greed, or
love." After seeing Tanḥā, Aratī and Ragā, I have no desire in lust.

"(So) why (should I want) this, full of urine and excrement full? I do not
(Even) want to touch it with feet": "Why (want) this urine full, feces full,
phlegm full, blood full, bone tendon connection, flesh and blood coating, blood
vessel (translation has: endothelium) covered, covered by the epidermis, more
than one hole oozing and dripping, inhabited by insects and all kinds of saliva
and dirt; which I don't (even) want to touch with my feet, let alone dwell
together or cohabitate?" This is: 'Why should I want this, full of urine and
excrement? I do not even want to touch it with my feet'.

71. If you don't want this kind of treasure, a woman who is wanted by the kings
    of many people,
What kind of views, precepts and prohibitions, life, survival, and rebirth do
    you think of?

(Translator's Note: depending on the source, the following explanation is given
either below this stanza, or below the previous one.)

"This is incredible: those who seek the desire of heaven will not want the
desires of earth, or those who seek the desires of the earth will not want the
desires of heaven; whoever does not want either, does not want, does not desire,
does not pray for, what is your view, and which one do you have", he (Māgandiya)
asked.

72. [Blessed One: "Māgandiya"] "I say this (view)" does not exist for him, and
    was held tightly after being selected in the Dhammas,
But after the person who saw in the views did not pick it (a view) up, he sees
    silence within.

"'I say this' does not exist for him": "'I say this', I said this; I said so; I
said so much; I said it was in this range; I said this evil view: "The world is
everlasting... (omitted, see previous sections)." "It does not exist for him",
it does not exist. "I said in this range" does not exist for him." "I said this"
does not exist for him.

""Māgandiya", the Blessed One called the Brahman by his name. "Blessed One", a
respectful synonym... (omitted, see previous sections)." This is [World Blessed:
"Māgandiya!"].

"After being selected in the Dhamma, it is held tightly": ""On the Dhamma", in
the sixty-two evil views. "After selection", ...(omitted). "This is true", ...;
being grasped, attached, taken, believed, he does not, does not exist, is not
known, ...." being held tightly after being selected in the Dhamma.

"But the one who sees in the views does not pick up": When I see the troubles in
the views, I do not hold, grasp, or cling to the view, or I should not hold,
should not cling, should not be persistent. The one who sees in all views does
not pick (them) up after.

Or, "The world is everlasting, this is real, and everything else is empty." This
is evil, jungle, desert, distorted, and vacillating views, with suffering and
irritation. There is despair, there is heat, and it does not lead to disgust,
greed, cessation, silence, wisdom, enlightenment, and Nibbāna. When I see the
faults in the views, I don't hold, don't grasp, .... This is also 'The one who
sees in all views does not pick it up'.

Or, "The world is very constant... (omitted, see previous sections).

Or, "These people who hold this view, those who hold this way, and those who are
interested in this way, they will have this kind of afterlife." When I see the
faults in the views, I don't hold on.....

Or, "This view is hell-(world-)oriented, animal-(world-)oriented, and
evil-(world-)oriented." When I see the troubles in the various views, I don't
hold....

Or, "This view is impermanent, productive, and conditioned by conditions. It is
the extinction, dissolution, fading, and extinction." When I see the faults in
the various insights, I do not hold....

"He sees the silence within himself": "The silence within himself is the
stillness of greed within himself; the silence of aversion; the silence of
ignorance; anger..., resent... (omitted, see previous sections)...; all silent,
still, calming down, cooling, cessation, and stillness. "When not ('when
brief'??)", when simple (when he is not??); when selecting; when compulsively
selecting; when measuring; when judging; when distinguishing; when clarifying:
"everything is impermanent" when distinguishing..., "all actions are
suffering"... "all dhammas are selfless" ..., "Any collection of dhamma is
extinguished" .... "See", see, to see, to penetrate." To see the silence inside
when simple (??).

73. [Like this, Māgandiya:] Wherever there is a judgment (of view), Muni! You really
    don't pick up those and say,
How is the truth of "silence within oneself" proclaimed by the wise?

"The judgment of all fixed views": "Judgment is called the judgment of sixty-two
bad views. "Constant views", built, fixed, contrived, and made cohabiting, or,
"the impermanent, the active, and the conditioned are the dhamma of destruction,
the method of dissipation, the method of fading, the method of extinction, and
the method of change." The judgment of fixed views.

"Like this Māgandiya": "Like this", the continuation of sentences, ...(omitted,
see previous sections). "Māgandiya", the name, ....

"Muni! You really don't pick up those and then say, the truth of "the silence
within yourself"": ""Those" are sixty-two evil views. "Muni", .... "After not
picking up", you say: "When I see the troubles in the views, I will not grasp,
...." And you say: "The silence within yourself." "This truth", the highest
truth." Muni! You really don't pick up those and say, the truth of "silence in
oneself".

"How is it proclaimed by the wise man": ""How?", "Question of doubt,
...(omitted, see previous sections). The "wise man" means the wise man, .... "To
be declared", to be perceived, to be declared, to be explained, to be taught, to
be told, to be established, to be revealed, to be analyzed, to be elucidated, to
be explained." How is it declared by the wise?"

74. [Blessed One: "Māgandiya!"]
Not based on seeing (views), not based on what is heard, not based on wisdom,
    nor is it said that taking precepts and prohibitions is pure,
Nor due to ignorance (of views), not hearing, not wisdom, non-precepts,
    non-prohibitions,
But after giving up and not picking up these, the silent ones won't be eager for
    being if they don't cling.

"Neither seeing, nor hearing, nor wisdom": "Seeing is pure, clean, and all pure;
to be separated, liberated, and free, he does not say, speak, talk, explain, or
say; regarding what has been heard as pure, ...; regarding wisdom as pure, ...."
Not seeing, not hearing, not wisdom.

""Māgandiya", .... "Blessed One", ....

"Neither does it say that taking precepts and prohibitions as purity": "Taking
precepts as pure, clean, ...; taking prohibition as pure, ...." He doesn't say
that he is pure with precepts and prohibitions.

"It's also not because of seeing nothing, hearing nothing, knowing nothing, in a
state without precepts, in a state without restraint (prohibitions)": seeing
should be wanted, ten things are right view: "There is generosity, there is
offering, there are offerings, there are the fruits and rewards of good and evil
kamma, there are this world, there are other worlds, there are mothers, fathers,
and biological life, in the world there are righteous Samaṇa and brahmins to
prove (their) wisdom." Hearing should also be wanted: Voices on the other side,
Suttas (suttaṃ), Verses (geyyaṃ), Explanations (veyyākaraṇaṃ), Stanzas (gāthaṃ),
Udāna [KN 3], Itivuttaka [KN 4], Jātaka [KN 10], Abbhuta Dhamma (unclear if this
refers to the sutta or the concept of wonderful teachings), Vedalla (vedallaṃ;
unclear if this refers to the individual suttas or the whole section). Wisdom
should also be wanted: Karma belongs to your own Wisdom (??), follow the true
Wisdom, Supernatural Wisdom, etc. Precepts should also be wanted: the
self-control of Patimokkha. Prohibition should also be wanted. Batou Tuozhi
(??): "Linyezhi (??), often begging for food, dung sweeping clothing, but (only)
three clothing, second begging, not eating after eating, often sitting (not
lying), staying anywhere."

"It is also not due to the unseeing, the unheard, the unwise, the state without
precepts, the state without restraint": "Not only with right view; not only with
hearing; not only with wisdom; not only with precepts", it is not only to forbid
the silence within oneself to be reached, nor to obtain the silence within
oneself with these dhammas, but to obtain, reach, get, and testify to the
silence within oneself with these dhammas as a means. It is also not due to the
unseen, unheard, unwise, unpredictable state, unrestricted state.

"But after giving up and not picking up these": ""These", from the eradication
of the black dhamma, the abandonment can be wanted; in the three realms of good
dhamma, there is no equivalent state can be wanted. When the black companion
dhamma is cut off by eradication, and the roots have been cut off, just like a
palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, immortal for the future, and in
the state of being equal to the other in the Three Realms, it's that he doesn't
hold, don't grasp, or cling to. Or, (these) shouldn't be held, shouldn't be
grasped, shouldn't be clung to." This is after giving up and not picking up
these. "When the thirst for love and seeing and conceit are cut off, the root
has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes non-being,
something that will not grow for the future. This situation is also that he does
not pick up, grasp, or cling." This is also the case after giving up and not
picking up these.

"When the blessed and non-blessed deeds and immovable deeds are cut off, the
roots are cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent,
unborn things for the future, this situation is also that he does not hold to,
grasp, or cling." This is also the case after giving up and not picking up these
things.

"The silent person will not yearn for being after he doesn't cling": ""The
silent person", "The 'greed has subsided state' is the silent one; the 'anger
has subsided state' is the silent one; the 'foolish has subsided state' is the
silent one; the anger..., resent..., (omitted, see previous sections), quenched
state, calmed down state, extinguished state, the cooled state, the departed
state, and the halted state are the silent, stopped, calmed, cooled, and
halted." The silent one.

"After not relying on", there are two kinds of dependence: the dependence of
craving and the dependence of seeing.... "After giving up, the one who breaks
the thirst for love, after the refusal of the mind, the one who does not cling
to the eyes;  ...to the ears; ...nose, tongue, body, all forms, all sounds,
smells, tastes, touches, dhammas, home, group, ...(omitted, see previous
sections)..., all the dhammas that can be seen, heard, felt, and can be
understood are not followed; after not grasping, after not holding to, after not
clinging." After the silent one does not cling to. "I don't want to be there", I
don't want to have it; I don't want to have form; he doesn't want to have
formlessness, he won't hope; he won't pray. Those who are silent will not be
eager for it if they don't follow it.

75. [Like this, Māgandiya:] If it is true that it is not pure by seeing, by
    hearing, by wisdom, nor by virtue of precepts and prohibitions,
Nor by not seeing, not hearing, no wisdom, nor no precepts or prohibitions,
I think it is the confused method; some people return to purity by seeing
    (views).

"If it is true that it is not based on seeing, not based on what has been heard,
not based on wisdom": "Seeing as pure, ...(omitted, see previous)." If it is
true that it is not based on seeing, hearing, or wisdom.

"Like this Māgandiya": ....

"Nor say that taking precepts and prohibitions as purity": ....

"Nor because of seeing nothing, hearing nothing, knowing nothing, in a state
without precepts, in a state without restraint (prohibitions)": ....

"I think it is the method (dhamma, teaching) of confusion": ""This is your
method of confusion, foolishness, ignorance, and sophistry (deception)." I think
so; I know so;I don't do that; I know it for sure; I know it well." I think it's
the method of confusion.

"Some people return to purity through views": "Some Samaṇas and Brahmins return
to seeing pure views as pure, clean, and all pure; detachment, liberation,
disengament: some Samaṇas and Brahmins return to "The world is constant, this is
true, and the others are empty." "The view is pure, clean, all-around pure, ...;
"The world is very constant...", ....." Some people return to seeing as pure.

76. [Blessed One: "Māgandiya!"] After repeatedly questioning after seeing it
    (Māgandiya's own view), and coming to ignorance in gripping it,
You don't see (even) a subtle thought from here, so you think (see) it as
    confused.

"After seeing and repeatedly questioning": "Māgandiya Brahman insisted after
seeing and questioning, after insisting on adhesion, he asked about adhesion,
after relying on tethering, he interrogated about tethering, and after
obstructing he was interrogating obstacles. Questioning again and again." Asking
repeatedly after seeing.

"Māgandiya", ....

"Come to delusion in holding tightly": "Whenever that view is held by you,
clinging to, holding, taking, and believing, you will become foolish,
bewildered, and ignorant with your view; come to foolishness, come to delusion,
come to confusion, leap into confusion." To come to delusion while holding
tightly.

"But you didn't see the subtle thoughts from here": "From here, from the silence
within himself, or from the path, or from the teachings of the Dhamma, he did
not get the proper thoughts, thoughts of arrival, thoughts of phenomena,
thoughts of causes, possibility (location) thinks (??), where is wisdom from?"
This is the case, he doesn't see the subtle thoughts from here. Or, "He didn't
get impermanence or impermanence thinking; suffering or oblivious thinking;
without self or conformity without self thinking; only wanting to arise or only
cognition, where does wisdom come from?" This is also 'but he did not see a
subtle thought from here'.

"Therefore you think (see it) as confusing": ""Therefore", ..., is set, seen,
watched, contemplated, and observed as the delusion, foolishness, ignorance,
sophistry." So you consider (it to be) deceiving.

77. Equal or superior or inferior, he who thinks (this) will argue because of
    that,
When unshakable in the three kinds, he does not want to be (care about) "equal,
    superior".

"Equal or superior or inferior, whoever he thinks (he is one of these) he will
argue because of that": "Anyone who thinks "I am the same" or "I am the winner"
or "I am the inferior", with that conceit, who would quarrel, argue, dispute, or
dissent with him when he sees him: "You don't know this dhamma or dhamma,
...(omitted, see previous sections)...."" Equal or superior or despicable,
whoever thinks (these) he will argue because of that.

"When he does not waver in the three types, he does not want to be "equal and
superior"": "For him, these three are cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped,
unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he does not waver, does not
shake, and becomes an unshakable person: "I am the same" or "I am the winner" or
"I am the inferior". "He doesn't want to be" is "I" I don't want to." Because
when he doesn't waver in the three types, he doesn't want to think: "Equal and
superior."

78. Why would the Brahmin say "true", or with whom would he argue "false"?
When there are no equal or unequal ones, with him will he dispute?

"Why would that Brahmin say "true"": "Brahman", .... "Why would the Brahmin say
"true"": "Why does the Brahmin say, tell, talk, explain, say: "The world is
everlasting, ...."?" Why would that Brahmin say "true"?

"Or who will he argue with 'false'": "'Mine is real, and yours is vain." With
what conceit and with what person will Brahman quarrel, argue, dispute,
disregard: "You don't know this dhamma, ...."" Why or who will he argue with
"false"?

"For whom there is no 'equal' or 'unequal'": ""Who is...", who is a person, an
Arahant, who has exhausted troubles, is not slow as "I am the same", not slow as
"I am the winner", and not slow as "I am the inferior", he does not exist, is
not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, ..., burned by the fire of
wisdom." For whom there is no equal or unequal.

"Who will he contend with": "Which person will he be able to contend with, with
what conceit and what views he will be able to contend with, quarreling,
arguing, ...: "You don't know this dhamma, ...."" Who will he dispute with?

79. After leaving his home, he became a traveller without a place to live, and
    Muni did not make close contacts in the village.
Those whose desires have been eliminated, those who do not have expectations,
    will not engage in arguing discussions with others.

At that time, the homeowner Heli Dijiani went to see the Venerable Mahakayayan.
After arriving, he asked the Venerable Mahakayayan for inquiries, and then sat
down aside. After sitting on the side, the owner of the house, Heli Dijiani,
said to the Venerable Mahakayayan [SN.22.3]:

"Kayajana! In this group of eight questions of Mahgendiya spoken by the Blessed
One:

"After leaving his home, he became a traveller without a place to live. In the
    village, Muni did not make close contacts.
Those whose desires have been eliminated, those who do not have expectations,
    will not engage in arguing discussions with others. "
Mahakayayan, great virtue! How should the principles that the Blessed One spoke
    briefly be understood in detail?"

"Homeowner! The realm of consciousness is the home of consciousness
(knowledge??), and those who are bound by the greed of the realm of
consciousness are called "walkers who have a home"; Xingjie (??) is the home of
consciousness, and those who are bound by the greed of consciousness are called
"walkers with homes", homeowner! This is the home of consciousness.

Homeowner! What is a homeless person? Homeowner! Desire, greed, joy, thirst,
clinging, love, heart attachment, holding, troubles to the physical realm: these
have been cut off for the Tathāgata, the root has been cut off, just like the
root of a palm tree has been cut off, becoming non-existent, and they will not
be born in the futur Therefore, the Tathāgata is called the "homeless man".
Homeowner! To the subject..., homeowner! To Xiangjie(??)....Opposite the
world.... The latent tendency of desire, greed, ..., troubles to the
consciousness world: these have been cut off for the Tathāgata, .... Therefore,
the Tathāgata is called the "homeless man". Homeowner! This is a homeless
person.

Homeowner! What is a traveler with a place to live? Homeowner! Those who
dissipate and bind in the residence of the form are called "walkers with
dwellings"; in the sound..., in the smell, ...in the taste, ...in the touch...,
"walker with a dwelling", homeowner! This is the one who has a place to live.

Homeowner! What is a traveler without a place? Homeowner! Dissipation and
bondage in the form abode have been cut off for the Tathāgata, .... Therefore,
the Tathāgata is called the "walker without a place". In the sound ...(omitted),
...in Dhamma abode, ...that will not live in the future. Therefore, the
Tathāgata is called the "walker without a place", homeowner! This is the one who
has no place to live.

Homeowner! How does one bring up close associates in the village? Homeowner!
Here, a certain type of bhikkhu lives in socializing with his family members,
sharing joys and sorrows: when they are happy, when they are suffering, he is
involved in (their) affairs and obligations by himself,
homeowner! In this way, intimate associates arise in the village.

Homeowner! How can there be no close associates in the village? Homeowner! Here,
a certain type of bhikkhu lives without socializing with his family members,
different (??) joys and sorrows: not when they are happy, not when they are
suffering, he does not consider himself involved in (their) affairs and
obligations, homeowner! In this way, no intimate associates arise in the
village.

Homeowner! How are the desires not given up? Homeowner! Here, a certain type of
bhikkhu is not free from greed, desire, love, passion, and thirst in desire,
homeowner! This is the one who has not given up all desires.

Homeowner! What is the one who has been given up? Homeowner! Here, a certain
type of bhikkhu has been detached from greed, love, desire, irritation, and
thirst in desire, homeowner! This is the one who has been given up.

Homeowner! What is the hopeful one? Homeowner! Here, a certain type of bhikkhu
thinks like this: "I will have this form in the future. "He looked for joy
[MN.132] there; there will be such feelings..., there will be such thoughts...,
there will be such behaviors...." I will have such knowledge in the future." He
was looking for joy there. Homeowner! This is the hopeful one.

Homeowner! What is the one who has no expectations? Homeowner! Here, a certain
type of bhikkhu thinks like this: "I will have this form in the future. He is
not looking for joy there; there will be such feelings...." He is not looking
for joy there. Homeowner! This is the one who has no expectations.

Homeowner! What is an interlocutor who argues with people? Homeowner! Here,
someone is a talker like this: "You don't know the dhamma...(omitted)."
Homeowner! This is the interlocutor who argues with people.

Homeowner! What is an interlocutor who does not argue with others? Homeowner!
Here, someone is not a talker like this: "You don't know this dhamma...."
Homeowner! This is an interlocutor who does not argue with others. In this way,
homeowner! In the eight groups of questions asked by the Blessed One by
Māgandiya:

"After leaving his home, he became a traveller without a place to live. In the
    village, Muni did not make close contacts.
Those whose desires have been eliminated, those who do not have expectations,
    will not engage in arguing discussions with others. "

Homeowner! The detailed rationale of what Blessed One said briefly should be
understood in this way."

80. Those who are from from (things) in the world can do (??), and the noble one
    will not pick up and say those things,
Like an aquatic thorn water lotus, not polluted by water and mud,
Like this, Muni is is a silent one, a non-greedy person, and is not polluted in
    desire and the world.

"In the world, those who are far away can do it": "From those, from those evil
views. "Far from those who have done evil with their bodies, those who have been
emptied, and those who have been separated; those who have done evil with
words..., evil with intentions..., with greed.... "Can do", able to do, to live,
to act, to turn, to protect to exist, and to survive. "In the world", in the
world of mankind." Those who are far away in the world.

"Noble ones (nāgas; also meaning elephant) will not pick up and say those things
afterwards": "Noble ones", "don't commit crimes" for noble ones; "don't go" for
noble ones; "don't come" for noble ones. What is "no crime" as a noble one?
Crimes are called evil and unwholesome dhammas: those that are polluted, that
there are re-existing, those that are fearful, those that suffer the
consequences, and the ones that will die in the future.

[Blessed One] [Sn.3.6, 527]

Do not commit any crimes in the world, after leaving all bonds and bonds,
Not sticking to everything, freed people like this are truly called noble ones.

This is "not committing crime" as a noble one.

How is "not go" as a noble one? Those who don't want to go shouldn't do
things; those who don't get angry should not do things; those who don't get
ignorant; ...terror..., greed, hatred, sloth, views, disbelief, doubt, potential
troubles, quarrels of dhammas; carry away, take away, carry. This is "don't go"
as a noble one.

How is "not come" as a noble one? Any pollution that is cut off by the
Sotāpanna Path, those pollutions he no longer experiences, does not
return (to), and he does not go back; he will be..., no return. This is "not
coming" as a noble one.

"Noble ones will not pick up and say those things": "Noble ones will not hold,
grasp, cling to, and persist in those bad views and then speak, tell, talk,
explain, or say; "The world is everlasting... (omitted)." After, talking,
saying, explaining, speaking." The noble one will not pick up and say that.

"Like an aquatic thorn water lotus, not polluted by water and mud": "Elaṃ (??)
is called water; ambujaṃ (aquatic) is called lotus; thorns are called
thick-stemmed; vāri is called water; vārijaṃ is called lotus; jalaṃ is called
water; paṅko is called mud. For example, the aquatic lotus, which arises from
water, is not contaminated by water and mud, not strongly contaminated, and not
closely contaminated, no longer contaminated, no longer completely contaminated,
no longer contaminated closely." It is like the aquatic thorn water lotus, not
contaminated by water and mud.

"Muni like this is a quiet, a non-greedy person (alt: 'no covenant'??), and will
not be polluted in desire and the world": ""Like this" is a metaphorical
arrangement. "Muni", .... "Silent", "Muni is silent (a supporter/proponent of
silence), a medic, a refuge, a shelter, a non-terror one, an undeath one, an
immortal, and a Nibbāna one." Muni is a silent one. "Non-greed", "Craving is
called craving, that is greed.... For for whom this this greed is cut off, ...,
he is called the non-greed person; he is the non-greed person in appearance
(form), in sound..., in smell...,  ...(omitted), ...the dhammas that are seen,
heard, perceived, and knowable, are those who are not greedy, those who are not
bound, those who are not obsessed with, and are not sinful. Those who have
departed from greed, those who have no greed, those who have abandoned greed,
those who have eliminated greed, those who have been freed from greed, those who
have renounced greed, those who have no greed, those who are not hungry, those
who have cooled down, those who have become cool, those who feel happy, those
who are born as Brahman they live." Like this, Muni is a quiet one and a
non-greedy person.

"Not to be polluted in desire and the world", "Desire", .... "In the world":
.... "Adhesion", .... After Muni breaks off the adhesion of thirst and love,
after breaking the adhesion of seeing, he will not be contaminated in what he
sees; in the world of desire and the world, he is not contaminated, .... He has
left, ...." Because Muni like this is a quiet, non-greedy person, in desire and
the world he will not be polluted.

81. A person who knows the Vedas does not become arrogant because he is not
    equal to others (is not like them),
He is not guided by kamma or what is heart, he is not a follower in the
    residence.

"A person who knows the Vedas does not come to slow by seeing or feeling." ""No"
is negative. "A person who knows the Vedas." The Vedas are called wisdom,
...(omitted, see previous sections).

"Not to see", "For him, the sixty-two evil views have been cut off, ..., he will
not be carried away by seeing, ..., not return to that evil view as the core."
Those who know the Vedas will not see. "Not to be perceived", in the form of
perception, or in other sounds, or with the permission of the public (??), he
does not arrive arrogantly, does not arrive, does not hold, does not grasp, does
not cling to." Those who are versed in the Vedas, they will not be arrogant in
seeing (views) or perceiving.

"Because he is not equal to the other": "He is not equal to the other because of
thirst, because of seeing, he is the highest, he is to the other side. Thirst,
seeing and conceit have been cut off for him, .... This situation is not equal
to the other, the other is the highest, and the other is to the other shore." He
is not equal to the other.

"Not to be guided by kamma and what is heard": ""Not to be led by kamma", "not
to be carried, taken away, carried, or transported by blessed kamma or non-good
kamma or immovable kamma." Not to lead by  kamma. "Not to be guided by what you
hear", not to be heard by the pure, or to be carried away by other voices, or
with the permission of the public (??) to be carried, taken away, carried, or
transported." Not to be guided by kamma or what is heard.

"He is the one who does not follow in the dwelling": "'Traction (??)': There are
two types of traction: the traction of craving and the traction of seeing...
(omitted). For him, the traction of craving has been cut off, .... In the
dwelling place he is not guided, polluted, approached, stained, or directed. He
has left, ...." He is not a follower in the residence.

82. There is no binding for those who leave the dye (staining), and there are no
    delusions for those who are freed by wisdom,
Whoever holds to seeing (perceiving) and seeing (views), they will walk with
    friction in the world.

"There is no bond for those who want to leave the dye": "For the practitioners
of the holy path, where Samata (??) is the forerunner, including (??) the
initial bond has been suppressed, when he reaches the state of Arahant, for the
Arahant, knots, delusions, all kinds of caps(??), desires, malicious thoughts,
harmful thoughts, and seeing thoughts are cut off, ...." There is no bond for
those who want to disappear (alt has '...for the offenders'??).

"There is no delusion for those who are liberated through wisdom": "Vipasana is
the leading practitioner (??), it includes that the initial ignorance has been
suppressed, and when the Arahant reaches the state of Arahant, for the Arahant,
ignorance, binding, arrogance, desire, malice, and persecution have been cut
off, ...." There are no delusions for those who are freed by wisdom.

"Whoever holds the thoughts and sees, they produce friction and walk in the
world": "Whoever holds the thoughts: desires, malicious thoughts, and harmful
thoughts, they create friction and mutual friction (with each other) because of
their thoughts: (of??) the king and the king theory, khattiya and khattiya...,
Brahman and Brahman, Homeowner and Homeowner, Mother and Son, Son and Mother,
Father and Son, Son and Father, Brothers and brothers, sisters and sisters,
brothers and sisters, sisters and brothers, friends and friends. When they
quarrel, fight, and argue, they attack each other with fists, clods, clubs, and
swords, there, they suffer death, or suffering like death [MN.13]. Those who
hold the view: "The world is everlasting"...(omitted), they have friction and
mutual friction due to seeing: friction between master and master, friction
between the narrator of the dhamma and the narrator of the dhamma, friction
between groups and groups, friction between seeing (views) and seeing (views),
friction between path and path, and friction between way and way.

Or, they argue, quarrel, fight, brawl, dispute, and disagree: "You don't know
the dhamma ...." "Their behavior is not cut off, and the state of the various
behaviors is not cut off, they create friction in the interesting place (??): in
hell they create friction, in the animal world..., in the hungry ghost world...,
in the human world..., in the heavenly world they produce friction, interesting
and interesting (??)..., death and rebirth..., birth and rebirth..., being and
being..., reincarnation and reincarnation..., circulation and circulation they
produce friction, rubbing against each other, talking, walking, staying, acting,
turning, guarding, existing, surviving. "In the world", ...." For those who want
and see, they are walking in the world with friction.

\newpage
