Explanation of Bi'an Taopin
　1. Explanations asked by the Brahmin from Ayiduo students
　　 1. [Venerable Ayiduo like this:] What is the world surrounded by? Why doesn't it shine?
　　　 What do you mean by its dyeing? What is its great horror?
"What is the world surrounded by": ""the world", the world of hell, the world of animal world, the world of evil spirits, the world of mankind, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realm, the world of living, this world , The other worlds, the Brahma world, the heavenly world, this is called the world. What this world is covered, covered, obscured, closed, covered, covered." It is what the world will be covered by.
"[Venerable Ayiduo like this]": ""Like this", the continuation of sentences; the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this" "Venerable", this is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience. It is "Venerable." "Ayiduo", the name, name, title, security, common name, name, Naming, appellation, words, phrases, appellations." It is [Venerable Ayiduo like this].
　　 "Because of not shining": "For what is not shining, not shining, not illuminating, not shining, not being known, not being known." Why is it not being shining?
"What do you mean by its contamination": "What is the world's adhesion, adhesion, binding, and defilement? Because of what world is contaminated, strongly contaminated, closely contaminated (contaminated), contaminated, and contaminated , Smeared, mixed, attached, fixed, obstructed, you say, you explain, you teach, you inform, you build, you uncover, you analyze, you clarify, you explain.” For you Say what it is dyed.
　　 "What is its great terror": "What is the world's horror, great terror, oppression, attack, scourge, and disaster." Why is it its great terror?
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "[Venerable Aida like this:] What is the world surrounded by? Why is it not shining?
　　　 What do you mean by its dyeing? What is its great horror? "
　　2. [World Zun: "A Yiduo!"] The world is surrounded by ignorance, because it is stingy and unrestrained.
　　　 I said that longing is [its] being dyed, and suffering is its great horror.
"The world is enveloped by ignorance": ""Ignorance", ignorance on suffering, ignorance on suffering, ignorance on suffering, ignorance on the path leading to suffering, ignorance on the past, The ignorance in the future, the ignorance in the past and the future, the ignorance in the specific conditionality and the conditioned-being-derived law, all such ignorance, invisible, unobserved, unconscious, unenlightened, impassable, unconscious Firm, unexplored, incorrect view, uninspected, {inspect karma} [unintelligible], inferior wisdom, ignorance, unrighteous knowledge, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, violent currents of ignorance, yoke of ignorance, ignorance The underlying tendency of worry, the entanglement of ignorance, the fence of ignorance, and the root of ignorance are called ignorance.
"World", the world of hell, the world of animal world, the world of evil spirits, the world of human beings, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of being, this world, other worlds, the world of Brahma, The world of heaven is called the world. This world is enveloped, covered, obscured, closed, hidden, covered by this ignorance. "It means the world is surrounded by ignorance.
""Ayiduo": The Blessed One calls the Brahman by his name. "The Blessed One" is synonymous with respect. In addition, the "Breaked Greed" is the Blessed One; the "Destroyed Sick" is the Blessed One; Is the Blessed One; "the one who has destroyed the slow" is the Blessed one; "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed one; the "the one who has destroyed the thorns" is the Blessed one; the "the one who has broken down, analyzes, and distinguishes the magic weapon" is Blessed One; "the one who has ended" is the Blessed One; "the one who has practiced the body, the precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the Blessed one; or "the Blessed one is close to the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting place): The one who is quiet, quiet, away from the human atmosphere, living alone, and suitable for sitting alone" is the Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is the one who divides clothes, food, shelter, the needs of patients, and medical necessities" as the Blessed One ; Or "The Blessed One is the one who has the taste of righteousness, the taste of Dharma, the taste of liberation, the increased precepts, the mind, and the wisdom" is the world-blessed one; or "The Blessed One is the four kinds of Zen, the four immeasurables, the four colorlessness, etc. The one who divides is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One is the one who has the eighth liberation, the eight victories, the nineth dwelling place, etc., the Blessed One; or the Blessed One is the practice of ten thoughts, [ten] all places to wait, in and out of breath The one who is the one who waits, the one who is not clean and the one who is to be divided is the Blessed One; or the Blessed One is a divided one of the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four divine feet, the five faculties, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight branches of the holy path. Blessed One; or "The Blessed One is Ten Tathagata, Four Fearlessness, Four Unobstructed Solutions, SixThe one who has the power of supernatural powers and the six enlightenment methods is the world deity. "World Honored One", this name is not given by (made) by mother; not given by father; not given by brothers; not given by sisters; not given by friends; not given by relatives; not given by Shamon or Brahman What is given; what is not given by heaven is ultimate liberation; the establishment (pseudonym) for the acquisition and testimony of the Buddha, the Blessed One, under the Bodhi tree, and all knowledge and wisdom, that is, the Blessed One. "Is [World Zun: "A Yat!"].
"Because of being stingy, letting go is not shining": Being stingy is called the five kinds of stinginess: [Yes] Living stinginess, home stinginess, gaining stinginess, praise stinginess, law stinginess, everything like this stingy, stingy , Stingy state, greedy, stingy, stingy, heart clenched state, this is called stingy. In addition, the accumulation of stingy is also stingy; the world’s stingy is also stingy; being stingy is also the opinion of stingy [, this] is called stingy. In the evil deeds of the body, or in the evil deeds of speech, or in the evil deeds of intention, or in the five desires, letting go can be turned away, the heart's abandonment does not arise, or the practice of good law is not respectful The state of impermanence, the state of impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the state of being stuck to the habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting responsibility, not practicing, not practicing, not practicing much, not establishing, not practicing, letting go Yi. Anything like this state of letting go, letting go, and letting go is called letting go. "Because of being stingy, letting go does not shine": "The world is not shining, not shining, not illuminating, not shining, not being known, not being known because of this being stingy. Not shining.
"I say that eagerness is [its] dyeing": "Aspiration is called craving, that is greed, greed (complete greed), acquiescence, conformity, joy, greed, greed, desire, obsession , Taking, greed, great greed, contaminated, sludge, disturbance, false fraud, [reincarnation] root cause, [bitter] fertility, tailoring (greed), net, river, bondage, rope, attachment, Accumulation, companionship, desire, the channel of existence, desire for forest (forest), love forest (forest), intimate communication [santhavo?], love, expectation, relationship, desire, desire, desire state, desire for sex, desire for sound , Desire for smell, desire for taste, desire for touch, desire for acquisition, desire for wealth, desire for son, desire for life, state of desire, desire, prayer, greed, greed, greedy, greedy appearance, possessing greed The state of inquiring [利得处], wing for good, illegal greed, improper greed, desire, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire for desire, desire for some, desire for nothingness, desire for sex , Colorless thirst, extinguished thirst, erotic thirst, sound thirst, smell thirst, taste thirst, touch thirst, dharma thirst, torrent, yoke (binding), Binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, covering, binding, defilements, potential trends of troubles, entanglement, vines, stinginess, suffering roots, causes of suffering, occurrence of suffering, magical nets, magical hooks, magical Food, the realm of the devil, the residence of the devil, the state of the devil, the bondage of the devil, the river of thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst, craving, greed, and the root of unwholesomeness. This is called Desire. To the world’s adhesion, adhesion, binding, and defilement, because of this desire to be contaminated, strongly contaminated, closely contaminated, contaminated, strongly contaminated, smeared, mixed, adhered, and defiled Fixed, obstructed, I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain.” Saying that the desire is [its] dyed for me.
"Suffering is its great horror": ""Suffering", suffering from birth, suffering from old age, suffering from illness, suffering from death, suffering from sorrow, suffering from despair, suffering from hell, suffering from animal world, suffering from evil spirits, suffering from human beings, root cause The suffering of entering the womb, the suffering of living in the womb, the suffering of birth, the suffering of the living being dependent, the suffering of the living being manipulated (placed) by others, the suffering of their own actions, the actions of others Suffering, [苦苦,] suffering, becoming bitter, eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough, asthma, external nose disease, fever, Old age, abdominal disease, coma, dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, ringworm, scabies, rheumatoid ringworm, scratches (a type of leprosy), dry skin, blood gall disease, diabetes, hemorrhoids , Rash (boils and blisters), hemorrhoids (ulcers), diseases caused by gall bladder, diseases caused by sputum, diseases caused by wind, diseases caused by [three] collective diseases, diseases caused by changing seasons, and improper postures Diseases, sudden illnesses, illnesses born from the results of karma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst, feces, urine, suffering from contact with fly mosquitoes, wind-scorching snakes, suffering from dead mothers, suffering from dead fathers, death The suffering of brothers, the suffering of dead sisters, the suffering of dead children, the suffering of dead daughters, the suffering of relatives' loss[, the suffering of the loss of wealth], the suffering of the loss of disease, the suffering of the decline of precept, the suffering of the decline of seeing. For all dharma, from the beginning, to be known; from the extinction, to the extinction, to be known, the retribution is based on karma; karma is based on karma, form is based on name; name is based on form. Those who are followed by birth, accompanied by birth, followed by old, conquered by disease, struck by death, sheltered in suffering, no shelter, no refuge, no refuge, and no refuge are called suffering. This suffering is the world's terror, great terror, oppression, blow, evil, and disaster. Suffering is its great horror.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "[World Zun: "A Yiduo!"] The world is enveloped by ignorance, because it is stingy and unbridled,
　　　 I said that longing is [its] being dyed, and suffering is its great horror. "
　　 3. [Venerable Ayiduo like this:] The streams flow out everywhere, what is the protection of the streams?
　　　 Please talk about the self-control of the streams, how are the streams closed?
"The currents flow everywhere": ""The currents", the flow of thirst, the flow of seeing, the flow of pollution, the flow of evil deeds, and the flow of ignorance. "Everywhere", in all places. "Flow", flow, flow, flow, flow . From the eyes to the colors, flow, flow, flow, flow; from the ears to the sounds... (slightly omitted) from the nose to the smells... from the tongue to the tastes... from the body to the touches... from Intentional Dharma flows, flows, flows out, and circulates. The cravings flowing from the eyes to the color, flowing, flowing, flowing, flowing; the cravings flowing, flowing, flowing, flowing, flowing from the ears to the sound; the cravings flowing from the nose to the smell...the cravings flowing from the tongue to the taste... The craving flows from the body to the touch...the craving from the intention law flows, flows, flows, flows. "It's all streams flowing everywhere.
"[Like this Venerable Ayiduo]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (Omitted) This is the order of the sentence, "Like this"... (Omitted)" is [Like this Venerable Yiduo].
　　"What is the protection of the currents": "What is the protection of the currents, {cover}[protection?], self-control, guarding, and protection." Why is the protection of the currents.
"Please talk about the self-control of the streams": "The shelter of the streams, {cover}[protection?], self-control, protection, protection, please say, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, Please uncover, please parse, please clarify, please explain." To ask you to talk about the self-control of the streams.
　　 "What are the currents closed by?": "What are the currents closed or cut off? They do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not flow." It is what the streams are closed by.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "[Venerable Ayiduo like this:] The streams flow out everywhere, what is the protection of the streams?
　　　 Please talk about the self-control of the streams, how are the streams closed? "
　　4. [World Zun: "A Yiduo!"] All the currents in the world, mind is their protection,
　　　 I said the self-control of the various streams, these were closed by Hui.
"All the streams in the world": "All these streams that are told, explained, explained, taught, told, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, and explained by me, namely: Desire to flow, see flow, pollution flow, evil deeds flow, ignorance flow. "In the world", in the world of suffering, the world of mankind, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places. For all currents in the world. "Ayiduo": The Blessed One called the Brahman by his name.
"Mindfulness is their protection": ""Mindfulness", common mindfulness, random mindfulness, remembrance, mindfulness of mindfulness, memorization, non-floating, non-forgetfulness, mindfulness, power, mindfulness, and support , The road without forks, this is called mind. "Protection", cover, {cover}[protection?], self-control, guard, protection." Mind is their protection.
"I speak of the self-control of the streams": "The shelter of the streams, {cover}[protection?], self-control, guarding, protection, I say, I explain... (omitted) I clarify, I explain." Stream of self-control.
　　 "These are closed by wisdom": "Hui", that is wisdom, knowledge and understanding... (abbreviated), no delusion, choice of law, right view. "These are closed by Hui": "These flows are closed and cut off by Hui. They do not flow, do not flow, do not flow out, and do not flow. "All actions are impermanent." When knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut by Hui They do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulate; "all deeds are suffering" when knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulate; "All deeds are selfless" when knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not flow; "doing with ignorance as a condition" When knowing and seeing,These flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulate; "Knowledge is based on behavioral conditions"... (abbreviated) "Knowledge is a condition and there is name and form"..." There are six places due to condition"..."There is touch with the six places as the condition"..."The feeling is due to the contact"..."There is thirst with the feeling"..."With the thirst as the condition There is taking"..."Taking as a condition for existence"..."With being as a condition for living"..."With life as a condition for being old" When knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut off by Hui , They do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulate; "destroy with ignorance disappearing"..."destroying with deeds"..."destroying with consciousness and color"..."with name and form Extinguish and extinction in six places"..."Extinction in six places"..."Extinction by contact"..."Extinction with thirst"..."Extinction with thirst and love"... …『Take and extinguish, there will be extinguished』……』『Birth and die with existence and decay』……『Birth and death to old and die." When knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow, do not Flow out, not flow; "This is suffering" is the rendezvous, after seeing the Dharma; "This is the collection of suffering"... (slightly omitted) "This is the cessation of suffering"... "This is the path leading to suffering" When you know and see At time, these flows are closed and cut off by Hui, they do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulate; "These dhammas are defilements"... (abbreviated) "These dhammas are defilements collection"... "This is defilement" ... "This is the path leading to defilements" When knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulate; "These laws should be proven to know"...( N.B.) "These Dharma should be omniscience"... "These Dharma should be cut off"... "These Dharma should be practiced"... "These Dharma should be testified" When knowing and seeing, these flows are closed by Hui, Cut off, they do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulate; the gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and detachment of the six touch points, when knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, They do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not flow; the gathering, extinction, pleasure, trouble, and separation of the five aggregates, when you know and see...the gathering, extinction, and happiness of the four major types Taste, trouble, renunciation, when knowing, seeing... "Any concentration is extinguishing" When knowing and seeing, these flows are closed and cut off by wisdom, they do not flow, do not flow, do not flow, do not circulation. "Being closed by Hui.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "[World Zun: "A Yiduo!"] All currents in the world, mind is their protection,
　　　 I said the self-control of the various streams, these were closed by Hui. "
　　5. [Venerable A Yiduo like this:] Hui Yu Nian, and name and color, dear sir!
　　　 When I asked about this, please tell me, where is this destroyed?
"Wise and Mind": ""Wise", that is wisdom, understanding, simple selection, investigation, method selection, recognition, discrimination, close observation, virtuous wisdom (learned), proficiency, cleverness, contemplation, contemplation, examination, Extensive (comprehensive), Wisdom, Yingzhi, Vipassana, Right Knowledge, Sting Rod, Wisdom, Wisdom Root, Wisdom, Wisdom Sword, Wisdom Palace, Wisdom Bright, Wisdom Light, Wisdom Light, Wisdom, No Deception, Choosing Dharma , Right view. "Nian", common mind, free mind... (omitted) mindfulness." It is [Venerable A Yiduo like this:] Hui and Nian.
　　 "And name and form, dear sir": ""Name" is the four colorless aggregates. "Lake" is the color created by the four big and four big ones. "Dear Sir", "This is a language of love, honorific, respect [language], and obedient language. "For my dear sir. "Well, name and color, dear sir.
"When you are asked about this, please tell me": ""I...this", everything I ask; everything I beg; everything I ask for; everything that makes me clear. "When asked", when being questioned; When being begged; when being requested; when being made clear. "Please tell", please tell, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please Please clarify, please explain." Please tell me when I asked about this.
　　 "Where is this destroyed": "Where is this destroyed, calmed down, walked to non-existence, ceased." For where this is destroyed.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "[Venerable A Yiduo like this:] Hui Yu Nian, and name and form, dear sir!
　　　 When I asked {this}[this], please tell me, where is this destroyed? "
　　6. Anyone asked this question, Aida! I tell you that,
　　　 where the name and color are destroyed without any remaining:
　　　 With the extinguishment of consciousness, this is destroyed here.
　　 "Where the question is asked": ""Where this" is wisdom, mind, name and form."Ask", you ask; what you beg for; you ask; make you clear. "Wei Fan asked this question.
"Ayiduo! I will tell you that": ""Ayiduo", the world deity calls himself that Brahman by his name. "That" is wisdom, mind, name and form. "I tell", I tell, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I parse, I clarify, I explain." For Aiduo! I tell you that.
"There is no surplus of name and form being destroyed": ""Name" is the four colorless aggregates. "Rule" is the form created by the four great and four great things. "No surplus", all completely, each The aspect is completely, without surplus, and the whole earth. This is the word of "no surplus". "Destroyed", destroyed, calmed down, walked to non-existence, ceased." is the name of the place. And color, there is no left to be destroyed.
"The destruction of consciousness is destroyed here": "The destruction of consciousness through the Taohuan Taoist wisdom, except for the seven beings, all names and forms that can arise in the endless cycle of rebirth are here These are all annihilated, calmed down, gone to non-existence, and ceased. Through the one-way wisdom, to create the annihilation of consciousness, except for the two beings, all the names and forms that can arise in the five and five beings are here. All are destroyed, calmed down, come to non-existence, stop. Through the non-return of the Taoist wisdom, to create the destruction of consciousness, except for one existence, all the names and forms that can arise in the physical and non-material realms are here These are all annihilated, calmed down, walked to non-existence, and ceased. The Arahant passes through the non-remaining Nirvana realm to extinguish the final consciousness at the time of nibbana. Wisdom, mindfulness, name, and form are all destroyed and calmed here. Come down, go to non-existence, stop." This is the destruction of consciousness, where this is destroyed.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "Whenever you ask this question, Aida! I will tell you that,
　　　 where the name and color are destroyed without any remaining:
　　　 With the extinguishment of consciousness, this is destroyed here. "
　　7. Everyone who is aware of the Dharma, and everyone who has learned here,
　　　 When I asked the wise men their behavior, dear sir! Please tell me. [SN.12.31]
　　 "Anyone who perceives the Dhamma": Those who perceive the Dhamma are called Arahants, those who have exhausted their troubles. For what reason is the enlightened person called an Arahant, a person who has exhausted his troubles? They are the perceivers of the Dhamma, the knowers of the Dhamma, the measurers of the Dhamma, the judges of the Dhamma, the clear ones, and the knowers of the Dhamma. "All actions are impermanent", the perceiver of the Dhamma, the knower of the Dhamma, the weigher of the Dhamma, the judge of the Dhamma, the clearer, and the knower of the Dhamma; the observation of the Dhamma "all actions are suffering" The enlightened person... (abbreviated) The enlightened person of the law of "all action is no-self"... the enlightened person of the law of "action based on ignorance"... the law of "all dhammas are extinguished" The one who perceives the law, the one who knows the law, the one who judges the law, the one who judges the law, the one who knows the law, the one who understands the law. Or, to them, it is the enlightened person of the aggregate, the enlightened person of the realm, the enlightened person of the place, the enlightened person of interest, the enlightened person of rebirth, the enlightened person of rebirth, and some enlightened persons. , The reincarnation of the perceiver, the reincarnation of the perceiver. Or, they are the inhabitants of the ultimate (boundary), the ultimate in the world, the ultimate in the place, the ultimate in the place of interest, the ultimate in the rebirth, the Those who live the ultimate, those who have the ultimate, those who are the ultimate in rebirth, those who are the ultimate in the cycle [, those who are in the ultimate], those who are in the end, those who are The resident who gathers (the body) last, the Arahant who holds the last body.
　　 "[In the uncountable tribulations, they are the ones who gain the body,]
　　　 This is their last, last gathering (body),
　　　 The reincarnation of life and death, without them there will be (rebirth). "[Thag.202]
　　For this reason, the enlightened person is called an Arahant, a person who has exhausted his troubles. "Anyone who is aware of the Dharma, and everyone here has learned": ""There is learning", how do they call them learned? "They learn" as learned. And what do they learn? They learn more Quit learning, they also learn to increase mind learning, they also learn to increase wisdom learning.
　　What is to add to school? Here, the bhikkhu is a preceptor who lives and is protected by the self-control of the Polo Timucha. He has sufficient righteousness and state of affairs. He sees the horror in minor sins and learns after being upheld in the school. Small precepts aggregate and large precept aggregates are the foundation of abstinence, the [self] inhibition of behavior, the entrance of self-control, the uppermost of good dharma, etc., this is to increase precept learning.
　　What is to learn more? Here, the bhikkhu starts from the desire to escape... (slightly) the first jhana... the second jhana... the third jhana... after entering, he lives in the fourth jhana [not suffering or not happy, from calm and chanting], this is increasing Go to school.
　　What is Zeng Shanghuilearn? Here, the bhikkhu is a wise person, possessing the wisdom that leads to the arising and passing away; the holy, insight, and the complete extinction of suffering is [the wisdom], he truthfully knows "This is suffering. 』…… (omitted) 『This is a hard work. "... "This is suffering. "Actually, I know "This is the path to misery. "... "These are troubles. "... "This is the trouble collection. "... "This is annoying. "To know the truth: "This is the path leading to troubles. 』This is to go to Hui School. These three learnings, they learn when they face (note); they learn when they know; they learn when they see [; when they learn when introspection]; they learn when the mind is established (decision); they learn when faith prevails ; They learn when vigor and hard work; when mindfulness arises, they learn; when mind is set (focused) they learn; when wisdom is learned, they learn; when they are proved to be known, they learn; when omniscience They learn when they are omniscient; they learn when they are renounced; they learn when they are practised; when they are practised, they learn, they practice, they practice well, and sustain when they are testified. Then they turned around. For this reason they are called You Xue. "Everyone" is many. These learned practitioners are Sudhavana, Sturhana, Anahama, and Arahant. "Here", in this view, in this liking, in this hobby, in this proposition, in this law, in this law, in this law, in this teaching language, in this Sanskrit , In the teachings of this master, in this individual, in this human world. "Well, everyone learns here.
"When the wise are asked about their behavior, my dear sir! Please tell me": "You are a wise, wise, wise, enlightened, wise [, separated], and wise. Those who are aware of the Dharma and learned behavior, behavior, behavior, execution (turning up), practice, travel, residence, and path (path). "Inquired", being questioned; begging, being asked ; Make it clear. "Please tell", please tell, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain. "Dear Sir", "This is love, honor, respect [language], and obedience." For my dear sir." When the wise are asked about their behavior, dear sir! Please tell me.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "All those who are aware of the Dharma, and everyone who has learned here,
　　　 When I asked the wise men their behavior, dear sir! Please tell me. "
　　 8. You should not be greedy in desire, and your mind should not be muddy,
　　　 is a skillful person of all dharma, and the monk should march with thought.
　　 "Should not be greedy on desire": "Desire", there are two kinds of desires from the eulogy: the desire for things and the desire for pollution. What are the desires of things? Desirable color, desirable sound, desirable smell, desirable taste, desirable touch, bedding, clothing, maidservants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows, horses, mules, horses, fields, houses, gold, gold coins, villages and towns Capitals, countries, territories, treasuries, warehouses, everything that can be tainted by greed is the desire of things.
In addition, there are past desires, future desires, present desires, internal desires, external desires, internal and external desires, inferior desires, medium desires, superior desires, desires in the suffering world, and human desires. Desire, heaven’s desire, existing desire, created desire [, uncreated desire], created desire by others, possessed desire, unoccupied desire, cherished desire, The desires that are not cherished, the desires of all the worlds of desire, the desires of all the worlds of physicality, all the desires of the world of non-material worlds, rely on thirst and desire for love, so that people want righteousness; Greed and righteousness; the desire to be intoxicated by righteousness and happiness is called the desire for things.
　　What is the desire for pollution? The desire of desire, the desire of greed, the desire of desire to greed, the desire of intention, the desire of greed, the desire of intention greed, that is the desire of desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, the desire of desire, Desire love, desire, desire, desire, desire, obsession, desire, desire violent, desire yoke (binding), desire attachment, desire cover.
　　 "Seeing those roots of desire, wanting you to be produced by thought (intention),
　　　 I will not think of you, so desire will not exist. "[Jat.8.421]
　　 These are called the desire for pollution. Craving is called craving, it is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Should not be greedy in desire": "The desire to pollute should not be greedy or obstructed in the desire of things. It should be separated from the greedy, the greedy, the greedy, and theThose who have excluded greed, have been freed from greed, have renounced greed, have renounced greed, have renounced greed, have no greed, have renounced greed, have eliminated greed, have been freed from greed, have renounced greed Those who have ceased greed, have no hunger and thirst, those who have extinguished, have become cool, and those who feel happy, should live as a brahman. "Because we should not be greedy in desire.
"Mind should not be muddy": "Intention": all the heart, mind, mind, heart (dirty), white (clean), mind, mind, mind, consciousness, consciousness, corresponding to that consciousness . Acting evil with the body, the mind becomes turbid, agitated, moving, impacting, fluctuating, rotating, and restless; acting evil with words... (omitted) acting evil with intention... with greed... Affliction...with ignorance...with anger...with resentment...with evil...with domineering...with jealousy...with stinginess...with hypocrisy...with cunning...with stubbornness...with passion...with Slow... With extremely slow... With slow... With letting go... With all pollution... With all evil... With all troubles... With all heat... With all the heat (suffering)... The mind with all unwholesomeness becomes turbid, agitated, dynamic, bumping, fluctuating, rotating, and restless. "The mind should not be muddy": "The mind should not be muddy: not to be disturbed, not shaken, not moved, not rotated, calmed down, not to be muddy, and all pollution should be abandoned. It should be abandoned, it should be driven away, it should be ended, it should be made to cease to exist. It should (Cambodia version) have been separated from muddy and pollution, abstained, abstained, separated, left, liberated , He is free from the bondage, he should live with the heart of being free from being restricted." The mind should not be muddy.
"It is the skillful person of all Dharma": ""All actions are impermanent" are the skillful persons of all Dharma; "All actions are suffering" are the skillful ones of all Dharma; "All actions are without self" are the goodness of all Dharma The skillful person; the skillful person of all dharmas that "deeds with ignorance as the cause" is the skillful person of all dhammas...
Or, [see] as an impermanent skillful person for all laws; it is suffering... (slightly omitted) it is disease... it is tumor... it is arrow... it is curse... it is disease... it is On the other side...is corrupt...is catastrophic...is scourge...is terror...is disaster...is mobile...is perishable...is unstable...is no shelter... ...Is no refuge...is no refuge...is no refuge...is surrendered...is hypocritical...is empty...is selfless...is trouble...is the law of change... ...Is untrue...is the root of misfortune...is the murderer...is nothing...is troublesome...is promising...is magic food (bait)...is life...is The old method...the method of disease...the method of death...the method of sorrow, sorrow and despair...the method of pollution...the collection...the extinction...the pleasure...the trouble...the renunciation For the skillful of all laws, this is also the skill of all laws.
Or, the clever person of the aggregate, the clever person of the realm, the clever person of the place, the clever person of dependent origin, the clever person of mindfulness, the clever person of righteousness, the clever person of the gods, the clever person of the root, the clever person of power, the clever person of consciousness The skillful person of support, the skillful person of Tao, the skillful person of fruit, and the skillful person of Nirvana, this is also the skillful person of all laws.
Or, all dharma is called the twelve places: eyes and colors, ears and sounds, nose and smell, tongue and taste, body and touch, mind and dharma, and because of desire and greed in the inner and outer parts of oneself Being cut off, the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming a non-existent, immortal thing for the future. This situation is also a skillful person of all laws. "Being a skilful person in all laws.
"Bhikkhus should process mindfully": "Conscientiously" in four ways: when practicing mindfulness on the body, be mindful, when practicing mindfulness on receiving It is mindful when it is mindful, when it is mindful when it is practiced in mind to mind mindfulness, and it is mindful when it is practiced in mindfulness.
The next one is conscientious in four ways: the state of avoiding non-mind is conscientious, the state of the Dhamma that should be done to the mind is conscientious, the state of the Dhamma that is obstructed by the mind as being conscientious, right The state of mindfulness (phase) is not forgotten.
The next one is mindful in four ways: the state of mindfulness is mindful, the state of mindfulness is mindful, the state of mindfulness is mindful, and the state of mindfulness is not lowered. of.
The next one is thoughtful in four ways: {take the state of being mindful as the mindful,}take the state of mindfulness as the mindful, the quiet state as the mindful, and the calm state as the mindful , ToThe state with the silent Dhamma is the mindful; the Buddha's mindfulness is the mindful, the Dharma mindfulness is the mindful, the Sangha's mindfulness is the mindful, the precepts and the mindfulness is the mindful, and the alms follow The mind is the mindful, the mind of the sky is the mind; the mind of the in and out breath is the mind, the mind of death is the mind, the mind of the body is the mind, the mind of the silence is the mind; all Mindfulness, free-mindfulness... (slightly omitted) Mindfulness, mindfulness, and the path without a fork are called mindfulness. Having, being fully possessed, reaching, fully reaching, possessing, being fully possessed, possessing this thought, he is called mindful. "Bhikkhu", the destroyed state of the Seven Dharma is Bhikkhu: seeing is destroyed, suspicion is destroyed, prohibition is destroyed, greed is destroyed, anger is destroyed, delusion is destroyed, slow is destroyed, and those evil and unwholesome methods are destroyed. : Favor the pollution, the others, the fear, the bitter fruit, the future will be old and dead.
　　[World Zun: "Sexy Bia!"][Sn.3.6, 519 偈]
　　 "Take the path that I have practiced (made) to reach Nirvana and transcend the doubter,
　　　 After abandoning nothingness and existence, the one who has been completed, and the one who is extinct, is a monk. "
"Bhikkhus should march thoughtfully": "Bhikkhus should march thoughtfully, walk thoughtfully, stand thoughtfully, sit down thoughtfully, lie down thoughtfully, go forward thoughtfully, should To step back thoughtfully, you should look forward thoughtfully, observe thoughtfully, bend thoughtfully, straighten thoughtfully, hold coats, bowls, and clothes thoughtfully, walk and live thoughtfully , Act, turn, guard, survive, and survive.” For the monk, he should march with thought.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "You should not be greedy in desire, your mind should not be muddy,
　　　 is a skillful person of all dharma, and the monk should march with thought. "
At the same time as the verse ends, for those who live with the same intention, same endeavor, same intention, and same dwelling place as the Brahman, the distant dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any collection of dhammas is an extinction." The mind of a brahmin is free from all defilements by not clinging. Along with reaching the realm of Arahant, sheepskin clothing, knotted hair, bark clothing, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair and beards disappeared, becoming bald, robes, cloth clothes, overcoats, bowls, and clothes. Respect the Blessed One, sit down: "Dade! The Blessed One is my teacher and I am a disciple."
　　 The explanation asked by the Brahmin from Ayiduo student is the first [completed].


Summary:
　1. Use mindfulness to protect and wisdom (seeing impermanence and suffering without self) to close the streams.
　2. The name (the four colorless aggregates) of the place of consciousness (Ni.21,30) is destroyed.
　3. The perceiver of Dhamma is not greedy in desire, has thoughts, and is not muddy in mind (hidden, jealous, deceitful...).
　10/17/2020 14:50
