3. Description of Brahman, the Phurunagar student
 12. [Like this, His Holiness the Rich House:] Those who do not disturb, and the Seekers of the Root, have the need come in question,
 And what immortal people, people, the Cartilis, and the Brahmen to the angels,
 There are many sacrifices here in the world? Worldworld, I ask you, please tell me this.
 “Undisturbed, the Seeker of the Root”: “'Disturbation is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greed, bad root. The disturbance has been cut off for Buddha and Worldom, the root has been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, becomes a non-living thing for the future, so Buddha is not disturbed. The disconnected state of disturbance is not disturbed, Worldhm does not shake when it gets; does not shake when it does not get; does not shake when [has] reputation; does not shake when there is no reputation (bad criticism); nor does it when praise Shake; do not shake when rebuked; not shake during music; do not shake, do not move, do not shake, no tremble, no tremble (strong trembling) [, less trembling (strong trembling)]. For those who do not disturb “Seeker of the Root”, Worldworld is the viewer of the root, the viewer of the cause, the seeker of the origin, the seeker of the origin, the viewer of the origin, the viewer of the origin, the viewer of the food, the sight of the origin The Seeker of the Edge, the Seeker of the Set.
 There are three bad roots: bad root, bad root, bad root.
 This is said by the Worldmen, “The There are the causes of these three sets, which three? Greedy is the cause of industry set, is the cause of industry set, obsession is the cause of the industry set. Bichu! Not by greed, obsession, obsession, obsession, people are known, or any good interests have been known, the Bichu! But by greed, obsession, obsession hell is known, the animal world is known, the hungry ghost world is known, or any evil [AN.6.39]: in hell, animal, hungry ghosts are born known. These three unrighteous roots the world knew and saw, so that worldly was the sight of the root... The Seeker of the (middle) set. There are three good roots: no greedy root, no good root, no idiot good root.
 This is said by the Worldmen, “The There are three... (in the middle) Picchu! No greed, no business, no obsession hell was known, the animal world was known, the hungry ghost world was known, or any evil was known, the Bichu! But by no greed, no work, no obsession, no obsession, man is known, or any good interest: individuals born in heaven and in the world are known. The Three Good Roots the Worldworld knows and sees, so that Worldn is the Seeker of the Roots... The Seeker of the (middle) set.
 This is said by the Worldmen, “The Whoever is bad law, bad division, bad party [AN.1.56], all that is rooted in ignorance, converge in the unknown, and eradicated with the unknown, then all that goes to eradication. [SN.20.1]” Worldworld knows and sees, so that Worldworld is the Seeker of the Roots... The Seeker of the (middle) set.
 This is said by the Worldmen, “The Bichu! Any good law, good division, good party [AN.1.57], all is rooted in non-relaxation, with no relaxation as a union, non-relaxation is said to be the first of those laws. [SN.45.139]” Worldworld knows and sees, so that Worldworld is the viewer of the root... (middle) set of sight.
 Or worldly knows and sees: “Unknown is the root of the way, the root of knowledge, knowledge is the root of name, the name is the root of six places, six are the roots of the touch, the root of the touch is the root of the subject, the root of thirst, and thirst is the root of love, There is a root, there is a root of life, the root of life is old and dead. Worldworld knows and sees, so that Worldworld is the Seeker of the Root... The Seeker of the set.
 Or Worldhotel knew and saw: “The eye is the root of eye disease, ear is the root of ear disease, the nose is the root of the nose, the tongue is the root of tongue, the root of a physical disease, which means the root of the heart. Worldom knows, sees, so that Worldom is the seeker of the root, the seeker of the cause, the seeker of the cause, the viewer of the origin, the seeker of the root, the viewer of the etiology, the sight of the food, The Seeing of the Edge, the Seeing of the Edge, the Seeing of the Set. For the disturbance, the root viewer.
 “[Like this]”: “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence... (medium) His Holiness Fu Lou Nagar.
 “There is a need to come with questions”: to questions I need to come, want to ask questions I come, want to hear questions I come, so there is a need to come. Or, “Questions that are in need, belong to those who want to ask questions and want to hear, [there will be] the need to come, approaching, approaching, and visiting.” It is also necessary to come with the question. Or, rightYou have questions coming, you can, you have enough reason to tell, answer what I asked, “Please bear this burden.” It is also necessary to come with the question.
 “The immortal people, people who rely on what”: “relying on, relying on, sticking, entering, dyeing, and putting the heart toward what. “Immortals”, named fairy people, whoever came out into hermit (fairy), out of the house, wicked outdoers, Nigantas, the hair of the hair, the bitter. “People” are called human. To rely on what fairy people, people.
 “The Chaldiriers and the Brahmen to the angels”: “The Chaldiriers,” whosoever is born of the Ch “Brahmen,” whoever calls a gentleman to someone else. “To the angels”, the wicked outskies of the wicked outskies, the Nigantas of the disciples of Nigantas, the hair of a disciple, the parade of the parade of the parade, the exiled angels of the disciples. (Thailand Version)、Elephant Railer's Elephant God, Horse Tenjin of Horse Ringers, Cattle Tenjin of the Ringers, Dog Ringers, Raven Angel of the Raven Keeper, The Power of the Power of God Renders, Tenjin of the Wins of the Wise, the Evex of the Guardian, the Fire Tenjin of the Guard, the Dragon Tenant of the Dragon Guard, Goldwingbird Angel of the Goldwingbird Ring, Guardian The angel of the Yasha Raider, Ashura of the Guardian of Asurah, the Ganda of the Guardian of Kanda, the King of the Lord of the Lord of the Ring, the Lunar God of the Moon Guardian, the Day of the Guardian, The indra angel of the indra, the god of the watchman, the angel of the guardian, the angels of the guardian, the angels of the guardian, the angels of the retakers, and those which are worthy of support for them are their angels. ” For the Chamdiriers and the Brahmen to the angels.
 “There are many sacrifices here in the world”: “The sacrifice is called a sacrifice: clothes, food, shelter, patients' needs, medical necessities, food, drinks, cloth, transportation, garland, Spices, oiled, bed, house, light candles. “For sacrifice,” whoever they seek, pursue and seek the sacrifice of clothing, food, shelter, patient's needs, medical necessities, food, drinks, cloth, transportation, garlands, spices, oiling, bed, Houses and candles, they make a sacrifice; and whoever they prepare the clothing of the sacrifice, to feed, shelter, the needs of the patient, the necessities of medicine, food, and drinks... Sacrifice: those who give, feed, and make alms of their clothing, give food, dwellings, the necessities of the sick, the necessities of medicine, food, and drink... (middle) bed, house, and candles, they also make sacrifice. “Many,” these sacrifices are many, or the priests of these sacrifices are many, or many of these worthy providers. How are these sacrifices are many? These sacrifice clothing, feeding, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, food, beverages, cloth, transportation, garlands, spices, oiling, bed, premises, light candles belong to many, so are These sacrifices are many.
 How are the priests or priests of these sacrifices are many? The priests of these sacrifice are many: Chadriel, Brahmen, Bisha, and the Gundala, in their families, and from their families, and in heaven, and men, and so many are the priests of these sacrifices.
 How are these worthwhile providers are many? These worthy salmon, brahmen, beggars, travelers, wanderers, beggers are many, so is or these worthwhile providers are many. “This is in the world,” in the world of men.” To make sacrifices for many here in the world?
 “Worldworld I ask you, please tell me this”: “Inquire”, there are three kinds of inquiries: an inquiry of unseen description, interrogations of the seen, and the intermittent inquiry. What is an unseen description inquiry? It was an unknown, unseen, unmeasured, unjudged, unclear, unknown, unknown, for his wisdom, seeing, measuring, judging, clear purpose, and clear purpose, he asked questions, this is not Inquire of the description of the seen.
 What is the interrogations of the Seen Conflux? It was a known, seen, measured, judged, clear, and understood special feature. He asked questions for the purpose of co-flow with other wise people, which was seen.
 What is the interrogations of the cut off of doubts? It was a leap into (Sri Lanka version) skeptics, leapfrogging into doubters, born doubts: 'Is it so? Is it not like that? What is it? How is it? He asked questions for the purpose of disconnection of doubts, which is the question of the cut off of doubt. This is three kinds of inquiry. The next three kinds of inquiry: human inquiry, non-human inquiry, inquire of the person. What is a human inquiry? People go to see Buddha, worldom ask [question]: Zhubichu asked, Zhubichuni asked, Zhu Youzai asked, Zhuu Youbou asked, the kings asked, Zhuchar Dili asked, Brahman asked, Zhuvisha asked, the capital of the Dala asked, Those who are in the house ask, and those who came out of the house ask, this is
 What is a non-human inquiry? The people went to see Buddha, worldom asked questions: dragons asked, Goldwingbirds asked, all Yashura asked, Asurah asked, Zhu Kandah asked, the great kings asked, the Indra asked, the gods asked, the angels asked, this is inhumane Asked.
 What is a Questioning? Where the color of Worldom's creative ideas, all limbs and limbs, there is no shortage of roots, the man went to see the Buddha, worldom after asking questions, worldom answer [he], this is the inquiring man's inquiry. This is three kinds of inquiry.
 The next three kinds of inquiries: inquiries for their own interests, for the benefit of others, and for the benefit of both. The next three kinds of inquiries: when the interest of life, the interest of the future, the supreme interest inquiry. The next three types of inquiry: no fault interest inquiry, non-pollution-free interest inquiry, clear interest inquiry. The next three kinds of inquiry: [about] past inquiry, future inquiry, current inquiry. The next three kinds of inquiry: [about] inquire within itself, inquiry outside itself, inquire inside and outside of itself, of. The next three kinds of inquiry: [about] good inquiry, bad inquiry, unbearable inquiry. The next three kinds of inquiry: [about] Inquiry of Yun, inquiry of the community, inquiry at. The next three kinds of inquiry: [about] enquiry of reckless, inquiry of honorable, inquiry of divine foot. The next three kinds of inquiry: [about] inquiry of root, inquiry of force, inquiry of Kakusui. Next Three kinds of inquiry: Inquiry of the Road, Inquiry of Fruit, Inquiry of Nirvana.
 I ask thee, 'I ask thee; I beg thee; I beg thee; thou shalt make me clear; tell me, tell me. ' “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anrai (Kana), the testimony of “Worldworld.” “Please tell me this,” please say, please explain, please tell you, please tell, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain.” For Worldhotel I ask you, please tell me this.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[Like this, the Rich House of His Holiness:] Those who do not disturb, and the Seeing of the Root, have the need come in question,
 And what immortal people, people, the Cartilis, and the Brahmen to the angels,
 There are many sacrifices here in the world? Worldworld, I ask you, Tell me this.”
 13. [Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!”] And any of these fairy people, people, the Chadirites, and the Brahmen to the angels,
 There are many sacrifices here in the world, Fu Lou Nagar! I look forward to the “reincarnation] state and make sacrifice in accordance with the aging of them.
 “All these fairy people and people”: “Whom whatsoever, all completely, in every aspect, without any surplus, the whole land, this is the word of all, for “whosoever.” “Immortals”, named fairy people, whoever came out into hermit (fairy), out of the house, wicked outdoers, Nigantas, the hair of the hair, the bitter. “People” are called human. For [Worldhotel: “Rich Nagar!”] Where any of these fairy people, people.
 “The Chaldiriers and the Brahmen to the angels”: “The Chaldiriers,” whosoever is born of the Ch “Brahmen,” whoever calls a gentleman to someone else. “To the angels,” the wicked outdoers of the wicked aisterways the angels... (middle) the position of the retakers, the angels who are worthy of support for them are their angels.” For the Chamdiriers and the Brahmen to the angels.
 “There are many sacrifices here in the world”: “The sacrifice is called a sacrifice: clothing, feeding, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, food, drinks... (middle) bed, premises , lamp candles. “For sacrifice”, whosoever they seek, seek, and seek for a sacrifice... they bedridden, houses, and candles, they also make sacrifice: whosoever they give, feed, and dwellings, give, feed, and dwellings, Patients whose needs, medical necessities, food, drinks... (medium) bedridden, premises, light candles, they also make sacrifices. “Many,” these sacrifices are many, or the priests of these sacrifices are many, or these are many worthy of the breadwinner... “This is in the world,” in the world of men.” To make sacrifices for many here in the world.
 “Rich House Nagar! Looking forward to this[Reincarnation] State”: “Looking forward”, looking forward to coloring; looking forward to the acquisition of sound; looking forward to the acquisition of smell; looking forward to the acquisition of taste; looking forward to the acquisition of the son Looking forward to the acquisition of his wife; Looking forward to the acquisition of property; to the acquisition of prestigious reputation; Looking forward to the acquisition of sovereignty; looking forward to the acquisition of individuals in Chatilee's home in the General Assembly Hall; The individual access of Brahmen family; looking forward to the individual acquisition of the house owner's home in the City Hall; looking forward to the acquisition of individuals in the four kings heaven; looking forward to the day... in the night in the sky... ... In Rakuten... in his comfort... in the Heavens of the individual gain, want, accept, hope, pray for, pray.” Looking forward to.
 “Rich House Nagar! [Looking forward to] this [reincarnation] state”: “Looking forward to the regeneration of the individual here; looking forward to the regeneration of the individual in Cha Tirie's home with the City Hall... The regeneration of the individual, wanting, accepting, hoping, looking for, pray. For the rich building Naga! I look forward to such [reincarnation] state.
 “They make a sacrifice according to the aging of them”: “Stop the aging, the sick, the dead, by sorrow, sorrow, bitterness, worries, and despair. When they are born, then they are those who stop aging, and when they are in the order of aging, then they are sick, and when they are sick, then they shall die. And when they are dead, they are the ones who are sadness, sorrow, sorrow, grief, and despair; and when they are in sorrow, sorrow, bitterness, and in despair, then they will rest in interest; and when they are in interest when they are reborn, and when they are by regeneration, then they shall be born, and when they are born upon, then they will rest on there, and when they are by Then they were in their turn; and when they were in their turn, then they were the ones who rotated: those who were glued, trapped, stained, and those who were directed towards their hearts. To make a sacrifice for them who are old.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldmark: “Rich Lou Nagar!”] And any of these fairy people, people, the Chadirites, and the Brahmen to the angels,
 There are many sacrifices here in the world, Fu Lou Nagar! I look forward to this [reincarnation] state, according to their aging sacrifice.
 14. [As His Holiness the Rich House Nagar:] Any of these immortals, people, the Chadirites and the Brahmen to the angels,
 There are many sacrifices here in the world, Worldworld! Is it true that those who do not relax on the road of sacrifice
 Living through birth and aging, dear sir? Worldworld, I ask you, please tell me this.
 “Any of these fairy people, people”: “whatsoever”...
 “Worldworld! Really those who do not relax on the road of sacrifice”: ““whether it is true”, “questioning of doubts, confusion questions, doubts, questioning, more than one question, so as to reverse the question, the anti-speech, Why, in the end, why?” for “Is it true”. “Those” are priests who are sacrifice. “Worldworld”, “synonyms of respect... Anrat (Kana), who testified (medium), that is Worldworld.” For Worldworld! Is it really those. “On the road of sacrifice”, the sacrifice is called the road of sacrifice, such as the holy road; heaven is heaven road; Van Dao is Van Lu, the same, the sacrifice is called the road of sacrifice. “Those who do not relax”, who do not relax on the road of sacrifice are respectful authors, regular authors, non-stop authors, those who have not been adhered to, who do not hesitantly will, that character, more than that person, the heavier, The one who is the object, toward him who strives, tilts to him, to the overseer, to the overarching, to whom they are not allowed in the way of sacrifice: whosoever they seek, seek, and seek the clothing of the sacrifice, and give food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, food, drinks... (middle) bedridden, house, light candlestick, they are respectful authors... (medium) who add to it, they are not on the road to sacrifice Those who prepare for sacrifice clothing, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, food, drinks... (medium) bedridden, premises, candles, they are respectful authors... To whom they are added, they are also those who do not relax on the way of sacrifice; whosoever they give, feed, feed, shelter, patient's needs, medical necessities, food, drinks... (Medium) bed, house, light candleBut they are respectful authors... And they are those who add to it, they are also those who do not relax on the way of sacrifice.” For Worldworld! Is it true that those who do not relax on the road of sacrifice?
 “Living through birth and aging, dear sir”: “Aging, death they spend, transcend, pass, pass, overcome. “Dear Sir,” this is synonyms of love, respect, respect and obedience for dear gentlemen.” To survive birth and aging, dear sir?
 “Worldly I ask you, tell me this”: 'I ask thee, I ask thee; I beg thee; I beg thee; thou shalt make me clear; 'Tell me about it for me. ' “Worldworld”, synonyms of respect... Anrat (Kana), the testimony of “Worldworld”. “Please tell me this,” please say, please explain, please tell you, please tell, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain.” For Worldhotel I ask you, please tell me this.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[As His Holiness the Rich Lou Nagar:] any of these immortals, people, the Chedrees, and the Brahmen to the angels,
 There are many sacrifices here in the world, Worldworld! Is it true that those who do not relax on the road of sacrifice
 Living through birth and aging, dear sir? Worldworld, I ask you, Tell me this.”
 15. [Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!”] They look forward, appreciate, pray, give,
 They pray for profit, and they are dedicated to giving, greedy, and I say they have not lived “born, old.”
 “They expect, appreciate, pray, give”: “'They expect ', 'they expect color; they expect sound; they expect smells; they expect taste; they expect taste. access to touch; [they expect their sons;] they expect their wives to acquire; they look forward to the acquisition of property; they look forward to the acquisition of reputation; they expect sovereignty; they look forward to a The acquisition of individuals in the house of Chatedili; in the Brahmen house with the City Hall... (Carid) they look forward to the individual acquisition in the home of the owners of the City Hall; in the four kings... they look to individual in the Heavens Obtain, they want, they seek, and they pray. Look forward to them.
 “They appreciate,” 'they appreciate the sacrifice, or they appreciate the outcome, or they appreciate those who should be bred for. How do they appreciate the sacrifice? The bestingest is pure, and the bestinged is the consensual, the bestinged is timely, and it is appropriate, after the choice, and the bestings are without fault, and the bestings are contiguous (the usual) The giving is the faithful of the heart. They praise, praise, praise and praise, so they admire the sacrifice.
 How do they appreciate the results? “For such reasons will surely be obtained in color... (medium) will surely be acquired by individuals in the heavens.” They appreciate, praise, praise, praise, and they appreciate the results.
 How do they appreciate those who should be depended? “The dependents are born (descent) sufficient, surnames (lineage), readers, spells, three vedic vocabulary, ritual track, phonetic theory and language theory, ancient history is the fifth proficiency, Holy sentence of the knowledge of grammar, “in the world with the big husband without deficiencies”, away from the greedy or for the dereliction of the wretched, the outsider or for the dereliction, the outsider or for the sake of the misgivings The walk, the believer, the foot of the restraint, the fixture, the man who is well enough, the liberation of the man with the full, the free of the wise. They praise, praise, praise, praise, and they admire those who deserve to be depended.” We look forward to them and appreciate.
 “They pray,” “They pray for color, they pray for the acquisition of color, they pray for the acquisition of the sound color, the acquisition of their smell, their taste... Individual acquisition. They look forward, appreciate, pray. “They offer,” they offer, give, sacrifice, alms, clothes, food, shelter, patient's needs, medical necessities, food, beverages, cloth, transportation, garlands, spices, oiled, bed, Houses, lights, candles. For [Worldhotel: “Rich Nagar!”] They look forward, appreciate, pray, give.
 “They pray for profit”: “For the acquisition of color, they pray on their desire; for the acquisition of the voice they pray on their desire... (medium) from the acquisition of individuals in the heavens they pray in their desire, Hope.” Pray for their desire for profit.
 “They are devotes to offering, and greedy, I sayThey have not been born and aged. ““They are called priests of the sacrifice. “The devotion of the offering,” “the yoke of the devotion, the strong yoke, toward the upper yoke, toward the upper yoke, the man of character, the more, the heavier, the person who is the object of it, toward it. Those who work, to the incline, to the triumph, to him who increases to him.” For them is the devotion of giving. The “greedy”, whoever has a will, some greedy, some joy, thirst love, have love, some of them are irritated, obsessed with, and desirous to take is called greedy. There is greed, greedy, tied, obsessed, dyed, attached, entrenched, obstructed, obstructed. For them are dedicated to giving, and the greedy of the corrupt.
 “I say they have not lived “birth, old,” “““and “those who are committed to the offering, the greedy, born, old, dead, they did not pass, did not pass, did not pass, did not overcome, born, Aging, death is not left, not to be left, not crossed, not crossed, not overcome, they turn back in birth, aging, death, they turn on the cycle, accompanied by birth, followed by the old, sick Conquest, tortured by death, for no shelter, no refuge, no return, no return. I said, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret, I clarify, I explain.” For they are dedicated to giving, and greedy, I say they have not lived “born, old.”
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldmark: “Rich Lou Nagar!”] They look forward, appreciate, pray, give,
 They pray for profit, and they are dedicated to giving, greedy, and I say they have not lived “born, old.”
 16. [His Holiness the Fullounagh like this:] If those dedicated to the offering did not spend sacrifice, birth and aging, dear sir!
 So who, in heaven and in the world of men, lived through birth and aging, dear sir? Worldworld, I ask you, please tell me this.
 “If the devotes of the offering do not pass”: “The priests of the sacrifice, the devotes of the sacrifice, the greedy, the corrupt, born and old; they have not passed, did not pass, did not pass, did not pass, did not pass, not Overcome, born, aging, death is not left, not left, not crossed, not overtaken, not overcome, they turn within birth, aging, death, they turn on the cycle, they are born accompanied by birth, being accompanied by Old follow, conquered by disease, tortured by death, for no shelter, no refuge, no return, no return. For if those who gave the devotion did not spend.
 “[Like this]”: “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence... (medium) His Holiness Fu Lou Nagar.
 “By sacrifice... Birth and aging, dear Mr.”: “By sacrifice,” with many sacrifices, for a variety of sacrifices, and many sacrifices. “Dear Sir,” this is synonyms of love, respect, respect and obedience for dear gentlemen.” For the sacrifice... birth and aging, dear sir.
 “Then whoever is in heaven, and in the world of men, through birth and aging, dear sir”: “And who is born in the world of heaven and demon, and in the world of God, including Salmon, Brahmen, Heaven, and in the generations of men, Aging, death he passes, transcends, passes, crosses, overcame. “Dear Sir,” this is synonyms of love, respect, respect and obedience for dear gentlemen.” For such words who spend birth and aging in heaven, in the world of men, dear sir!
 “Worldly I ask you, tell me this”: 'I ask thee, 'I ask thee; I beg thee; I beg thee; thou shalt make me clear; tell me, tell me. ' “Worldworld”, synonyms of respect... Anli (Kana), the testimony of “Worldworld”. “Please tell me this,” please say, please explain, please tell you, please tell, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain.” For Worldhotel I ask you, please tell me this.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[His Holiness the Fullounagh, like this:] If those who sacrifice the devotion did not spend sacrifice, born and aged, dear sir!
 And then who spent birth and aging in heaven and in the world of men, dear sir? Worldworld, I ask you, Tell me this.”
 17. [Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!”] After considering the upper and lower in the world, for him there is no wavering place in the world,
 Silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I sayHe spent “birth, aging.” [AN.3.32]
 “Consider the world up and down”: after consideration is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insane, choice, positive. “Up and down”, the lower is known as their own personal, upper is called other individuals; lower is called their own color to think, the upper is known as the other person's color is thought of behavior; lower is called six inner, upper is called six outside; lower is The world called man, the upper is called the world of heaven; lower is called the world of desire, the upper is called color boundaries, colorless; lower is called the bounds of desire, the color boundary, the upper is called colorless. “Consider the upper and lower in the world”: “Consider the upper and lower as the confines, bitter, sick, for... (medium) for departure, after he considers, after knowing, understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, get Clear post.” For consideration of the world up and down after.
 “[Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!” : ““The Rich House Nagar,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonyms for respect... (medium) is Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Rich Nagar!”]
 “For him there is no wavering place in the world”: “For him, for Arrohan; for those who have troubled. “Shake”, the shaking of love, the shaking of the see, the slow shake, the shake of pollution, the shaking of the desire, for him they are not, do not exist, not known, not found, have been cut off, cut off, Calmed down, stopped, could not be born, burned by wisdom fire. “Anywhere”, wherever, wherever, inside or outside. “In the world,” in the worlds of bitter worlds... For him there is no wavering place in the world.
 “Silent, smokeless, no distress, hopeless, I said he spent “birth, aging”: “silence”, greedy has silence is silent,... (medium) obsession... angry... The resentment... hiding evil... all miscreated silence, quenched state, calmed down state, extinguished state, cooled state, left state, stopped state silence, silence The, calm down, the cooled, the stop.” For silence. “Smoke-free”, evil deeds have been smoke-free, destroyed, withered, withered, withered, withered, destroyed, withered, destroyed, withered, destroyed, withered, destroyed; greed... Smoke-free, destroyed, withered, withered, destroyed; anger... resentment... hiding evil... arbitrary... jealous... stingy... hypocrisy... cunning... stubborn... Passion... Slow... extremely slow... Slow... Relax... all pollution... all evil deeds... all troubles... all hot... all irritated... all bad works have been smoke-free, destroyed, withered, withered, destroyed. Or, anger is called smoke:
 Brahmen! Slow is indeed your burden, anger is smoke, vain is gray,
 The tongue is a dipper for sacrifice, the heart is the fire of sacrifice, and the self of the good tone is the man's fire [SN.7.9]
 Or, in ten lines of wrath was born: “He has done against me. [AN.9.29]” Anger was born; “He did against me.” Anger is born; “He will do against me.” Anger is born; “He has done against what I love and will do.” Anger is born; “He is against what I love and will do.” Anger is born; “He will be against what I love and will do.” Anger is born; “He has been in favor of what I do not love and unintended deeds.” Anger is born; “He is good for what I do not love, and the unintended deed.” Anger is born; “He will be good for what I do not love and the unintended deed.” Anger is born; or anger is born unjustified. Where such heart anger, hostility, evil, hostility, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, evil, evil, heart evil, arrogance, anger, angry state of anger, angry, angry, angry state , Harm, anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure, which is called anger.
 Moreover, the extreme and small states of anger should be percepted: sometimes anger is just the degree of turbid, but not as much as the skimp frowning; sometimes anger is the degree of frowning, but not as biting teeth. The extent of; sometimes anger is only the degree of bite, but not the same degree as the crude loud voice; sometimes anger is only the degree of loud loud words, but not as the extent of looking around (with observation) [knife rod]; Anger is only looking around the level, but not as far as the knife rodDegree; sometimes anger is only the degree of acquisition of the knife rod, but not the degree of pulling out of the rod; sometimes anger is only the degree of pulling out of the rod, but not the degree of striking of the rod; sometimes anger is just the hit of the rod to the extent, but not as much as the interruption is made; sometimes anger is only the extent to which the interrupt was made, but not as much as the breakdown is broken; sometimes anger is only rupture, but not as per limb. Sometimes anger is only the extent of each limb pulled apart, but not as deadly; sometimes anger is deadly, but not as far as abandonment has been abandoned. When an anger kills others and kills himself, this is a situation where anger arrives further to the rise and further reaches growth. Whoever is for him that anger is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, and burned by wisdom fire, he is called a smoke-free.
 The state of anger has been disconnected is smoke-free; the state of anger has been known to be smoke-free; Anger is smoke-free because of its already known state; Anger has been severed is smoke-free. “There is no distress,” greed is distressed; the bitterness is distressed; anger is distressed; resentment is distressed... The man who was cut off, calmed down, stopped, could not be born, was burned by wisdom fire, he was called the untroubled.
 “No desire”, desire is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad root. Whoever for him this desire is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the unwilling. “Birth”: all living beings, about each kind of human beings, birth, birth, entry into [fetus], birth, all the unveiled, get to the place. “Aging”: all beings, about the aging, aging, tooth fall, whitening, wrinkles, life decline, degradation of the roots. “Silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I said he spent “birth, aging”: “Where silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, hopeless, “born, aging, death he spends, transcends , pass, cross, overcome. I said, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret, I clarify, I explain.” For the silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I said he spent “birth, aging.”
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldmark: “Rich Lou Nagar!”] After considering the upper and lower in the world, for him there is no wavering place in the world,
 Silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I said he spent “birth, aging.”
 At the end of the Ode... (middle) Gassho salute worldship, sit down: “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”
 The description asked by the Fu Lou Nagar student Brahman third [Completed].


Excerpt:
 1. aging people expect the next life for sacrifice (= Busch), but did not survive the aging of birth.
 2. do not shake (no love slow pollution), silence (calm all bad work), smokeless (sever anger), no distress, no desire (= no thirst love) through birth aging.
 10/17/2020 15:25