12. Explanations asked by the Brahmin of Bodo Wuda student
　　70. [Venerable Bodo Wuda like this:] Those who abandon the family, those who cut off the thirst, those who do not disturb, those who abandon the joyful, those who have survived the storm, those who are free,
　　　 abandon the builders, the extremely smart, I want to beg, they will leave here after hearing about the dragon elephant.
"Those who abandon the family, cut off the thirst, and do not disturb": ""Abandon the family", all the desires, greed, joy, thirst, clinging, clinging, attachment, and clinging to the physical realm The potential trend of troubles, those who have been cut off to the Buddha and the Blessed One, have their roots cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and inanimate things for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has abandoned his family. In the realm of receiving... (slightly omitted) in the realm of thinking... in the realm of action... all the desires, greed, joy, thirst, clinging, clinging, attachment of the heart, clinging, troubles in the realm of consciousness The underlying trend, for the Buddha and the Blessed One, has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and inanimate things for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is a homeless person.
　　 "cut off the one who thirsts", "thirst for love" as the erotic thirst... (in the abbreviated) Dharma thirst. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the craving has been cut off, destroyed, cut off, calmed down, ceased, cannot arise, and has been burned by the fire of wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who cuts off the craving. "Undisturbed": Disturbance is called craving, which is the root of greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesomeness. Disturbance and thirst have been cut off for the Buddha and the Blessed One, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent and inanimate in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the undisturbed. Regarding the disturbed and dismissed state as the undisturbed, the Blessed One does not shake when he gets it; he does not shake when he does not; he does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake when he has no reputation (bad comment). He does not shake; he does not shake when praised; he does not shake when he is reprimanded; he does not shake when he is happy; he does not shake, moves, does not tremble, does not tremble (strong tremor), not big when suffering Trembling (strong trembling), therefore, the Buddha is the one who does not disturb. "For those who abandon their homes, cut off their thirst, and do not disturb.
"[Like this Venerable Bodo Wuda]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (slightly omitted). "Venerable", [this is] Love Language... (abbreviated). ", the name of the Brahmin... (omitted) called." It is [Venerable Bodo Wuda like this].
"Those who give up joy, those who have survived the storm, and those who are liberated": ""Happiness is called craving, that is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. That joy and thirsty love the Buddha and the world It has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, something that will not live for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has given up the joy. Excessive violent people, those who have passed some violent currents, those who have seen violent currents, those who have passed ignorant violent currents, all cycles have passed, surpassed, passed, passed, passed The one who has overcome, he is the one who has fallen into the state, the one who has practiced the behavior... (slightly omitted) The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth." For the one who abandons the joy and rides the violent currents. "The Liberator", the heart of the Lord is already Freedom from greed, free from greed, free from kindness; heart from anger... from ignorance... (slightly omitted) heart from all unwholesome creations, free from, free from kindness." For those who abandon the joyful and overcome the violent currents, The freer.
"Abandon the builder and be extremely clever, I want to plead": ""Construction" has two constructions: [cause] the construction of desire and [cause] the construction of seeing... (Omitted) This is the construction of desire... (Omitted) This is the construction of seeing. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the construction of thirst has been cut off, the construction of seeing has been cut off, and the construction of thirst has been cut off, and the construction of seeing has been cut off. The state of being deceived therefore the Buddha is the builder of abandonment. "I want to beg", I want to beg, I want to plead, I want to request, I want to accept, I want to hope, I want to aspire, I want to ask, I want to pray. Extreme wisdom is called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) without delusion, choosing the law, right view. The Blessed One reaches (has), reaches (has), enters, enters, has enough, has enough, has this Smart and wise, therefore, the Buddha is an extremely wise man." For me, I beg to abandon the builder, the extremely wise man.
　　 "They will leave here after hearing about the dragon elephant": "The dragon elephant" is the dragon elephant. The Blessed One "does not commit crimes" is the dragon elephant; "does not go" is the dragon elephant; "does not come" is the dragon elephant... (Omitted) This is "do not come" as the dragon elephant. "After hearing about the dragon elephant, they will leave here": "Your words, ways of speaking, teachings, teachings, admonitions, after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, understanding, and discerning, they will leave here ,RowGo, set off, walk in all directions. "After hearing about the dragon elephant, they will leave here.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "[Venerable Bodo Wuda like this:] Those who abandon their homes, those who cut off thirst, those who do not disturb, those who abandon the joyful, those who have survived the storm, those who are liberated,
　　　 I beg to abandon the builders, the extremely smart, and they will leave here after hearing about the dragon elephant. "
　　 71. All kinds of people have united from the nations, hero! They look forward to your words,
　　　 Please explain them thoroughly, because like this you are the knower of these laws.
"All kinds of people have been united from the congresses": ""All kinds of people", Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, lay people, monks, heavens, and people. Magadha, Kalinga, Kassa, Kansara, Baqi, Mala, Chiti, Bhawa, Julu, Pangjala, Polai, Surasa, Ashipo, Ajanta, Zina , Jian Fuhua. "Has joined", has joined, has come to gather, has joined, has gathered." It means that all kinds of people have joined from all nations.
"Hero! Looking forward to what you say": "Hero", the Blessed One is a hero, "Energetic" is a hero; "Able" is a hero; "Those who flow out all kinds of things" are heroes; "Sufficient ones" are heroes [; ”Is a hero; “heroic” is a hero; “one who is not afraid” is a hero; “one who is not afraid” is a hero; “one who does not fear” is a hero; “one who does not run away” is a hero; "Is the hero]; "the one who has left the body and erected the hair" is the hero.
　　 "Here has gone from all evil abstainers to a state of vitality after transcending hell suffering,
　　　He is an energetic person and a hardworking person. People like this can be called a hero. [Sn.3.6]"
"Heroes! They are looking forward to your words": "Your words, ways of speaking, teachings, teachings, admonitions. "They are looking forward", they are looking forward to, wanting, accepting, hoping, looking forward, Begging." For a hero! They look forward to your words.
"Please explain them thoroughly": ""For them", for Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, Layman, Monk, Heaven, People. "You", he said the Blessed One. "Thoroughly "Explanation", please explain that thoroughly; please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain.” To ask you to explain them thoroughly.
　　 "Because like this you are the knower of these laws": "Because like this you are the knower, the judge, the judge, the clearer, the understander of these laws." Because like this you are the knower of these laws.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "All kinds of people have united from the nations, heroes! They are looking forward to your words,
　　　 Please explain them thoroughly, because like this you are the knower of these laws. "
　　72. [World Zun: "Bodo Wu Da!"] He should adjust all grasping and craving, in the upper, lower and middle four directions,
　　　 Whatever they cling to in the world, the demon follows sentient beings just because of that.
　　 "He should temper all grasping and craving": Grabbing and craving is called the craving of color... (omitted). "Grabbing and craving", why is it called "grabbing and craving"? With that thirsty love, they grasp, cling, hold, take, cling, feel... (slightly) think... do... know... interesting... rebirth... be born... have )...Samsara...Let them take, cling, hold, take, cling, and take their thirst for this reason. "He should temper all grasping and craving": "All grasping and craving should be tempered, expelled, discarded, expelled, terminated, and rendered non-existent." Temper all grasping and craving.
"[World Zun: "Ruo Du Geng Ni!"]": ""Ruo Du Geng Ni", "The World Lord calls that Brahmin by his name. "World Honored One", this is a synonymous with respect... (abbreviated) Anli ( Pseudonym), that is, World Zun." is [World Zun: "Ruodu Gengni!"].
"Upper, lower, and middle four directions": ""Upper" is the future, "Down" is the past, "Middle Four" is the present; "Up" is the world of heaven, "Down" is the world of hell, "Middle The four directions are the world of human beings. Or, "up" is the good law, "down" is the unwholesome method, "the middle square" is the unmarked method; "up" is the colorless realm, "down" is the desire realm, and "the middle square" is Color Realm; "Up" means happy feeling, "Down" means suffering, "Middle Quartet" means not suffering or not happy; "Up" means above the sole of the foot, "Down" means below the hair, and "Middle Quartet" means being In the middle." means the four directions above, below, and in the middle.
　　「FanWhat they cling to in the world": "What they grasp, cling to, grasp, grasp, grasp, grasp, grasp, grasp, whatever, things like mortals, feelings, thoughts, actions, and consciousness Attachment. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted) in the world." It is what they cling to in the world.
"The demon follows sentiment just because of that": "The demon, the demon, the demon, the demon of fun, the demon of rebirth, the demon of rebirth, the demon of reincarnation, the demon of reincarnation, and the cycle follow , Follow and become followers. "Affection", sentient beings, people (everyone), human beings, student Brahmins, people (men), individuals (Putjala), life, to the born, sentient, to the Indra , Those born of Manu.” Because of that, the demon follows sentient beings.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "[World Zun: "Budo Wu Da!"] He should moderate all grasping and craving, in the upper, lower and middle four directions,
　　　 Whatever they cling to in the world, the demon follows sentient beings just because of that. "
　　73. Therefore the understander should not cling to: the mindful bhikkhu has anything in all worlds,
　　　 watched the stuck grabber like this: This generation is entangled in the realm of death.
"Therefore those who understand should not cling to": "Therefore", "Therefore; the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, when seeing this trouble on the desires." For the reason. "The understander" , The one who knows, the one who understands, the one who knows, the one who knows others, the one who knows, the one who penetrates: "All actions are impermanent"... Those who know, those who know others, those who know for sure, those who pass through. "Should not cling", sex should not grasp, should not grasp, should not hold, should not take, should not cling, receive...( (Slightly) Think...do...knowledge...interests...death...become...have (exist)...reincarnation...reincarnation, he should not grasp, should not cling, should not hold, should not Grasping, should not be attached.” For this reason, those who understand should not be attached.
"The mindful bhikkhu is anything in all the world": ""Bhikkhu", a philanthropist monk, or a learned bhikkhu.. "Mindful", being mindful in four ways: when practicing and observing on the body When the body is mindful, it is mindful... (omitted) He is called mindful. "Anything", any form, feeling, thinking, behavior, consciousness "In all worlds", in all suffering worlds, in all human worlds, in all celestial worlds, in all aggregate worlds, in all realm worlds, in all worlds.” For the mindful. Bhikkhu is anything in all worlds.
"Looking at the stuck grasper like this": "Various people grasp, grasp, hold, take, cling to, feel... (slightly) think... do... know... interesting... ...Rebirth...being born...have (existence)...reincarnation...rebirth. They take, grasp, hold, take, and the clinging is called the stuck grasper. "Like this", sentence The continuation of... (slightly omitted) This is the order of the sentence, which is "like this". "Watching", watching, seeing, seeing, seeing, watching, watching, watching." is like Watch the stuck grabber like this.
"This generation is entangled in the realm of the god of death": ""generation", synonymous with all living beings. The realm of the god of death is called the pollution and the various aggregates and the creations. The generations are in the realm of the god of death, the realm of demons, and the realm of death It is stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, obstructed, such as items stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, or obstructed on a wall pile or wall hook. In the same way, the generation is stuck, entangled, suspended, attached, fixed, and obstructed in the realm of death, the realm of demons, and the realm of death." This generation is entangled in the realm of death. , Being attached, being fixed, being. "
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　"So the understander should not cling to: the mindful bhikkhu has anything in all the world,
　　　 watched the stuck grabber like this: This generation is entangled in the realm of death. "
　　 At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
　　 The twelfth [completed] explanation of the Brahmin asked by the student of Bodo Wuda.


Summary:
　The clinging beings are stuck by clinging and being followed by demons→all grasping and craving should be tempered.
　10/17/2020 11:00
