14. forced salad students Brahmen asked for instructions
 81. [His Holiness, like this, forced Salad:] The man who pointed out the past, the undisturbed, and cut off doubts,
 For those who have come to the other side of the law, they who need them come in question.
 “The man who pointed out the past”: “The man..., the man who is the worldly, the one who is alone, without a teacher who has not heard before, is now aware of the truth, where he reaches all knowledge, in power [ Arrival] The person in the comfort state. “Point out”, Worldworld points out the past of himself and others, and the future, and the present.
 How is Worldworld pointing out his past? Worldworld pointed out his past: He pointed out life, also pointed out two lives, also pointed out three lives, also pointed out four lives, also pointed out five lives, also pointed out twenty lives, also pointed out thirty lives, also pointed out forty lives, also The fifty life, also pointed out that the hundred thousand lives... a thousand lives... many robberies... many robberies... also pointed out many bad robbers: “The one who is there is such a name, such a surname, such a name. Appearance、[Eat] such food、Such bittersweet feeling、Such longevity，The one born there from there after death，And there is such name、Such a surname、Such appearance、[Eat] such Food、Such bittersweet feelings、Such longevity, the one born here from there after death。” As such, he pointed out that many of the former dwellings had such a situation. This is how Worldworld points out his past.
 How is Worldhotel pointing out the past of others? Worldworld points out the past of others: He pointed out a lifetime, and also pointed out that the second life... (Celec) also pointed out that many bad raids were: “The one there is such a name, such a surname, such a look, [eat] such food. 、Such bittersweet feelings、Such longevity, born there from there after death, and there is such name、Such surname、Such appearance、[Eat] such food, such a bittersweet feeling、 This longevity, born here from where he died.” As such, he pointed out that many of the former dwellings had such a situation. This is how Worldworld points out the past of others.
 When speaking of five hundred Scriptures, Worldworld points out their past with others; when referring to the analogy of the Great Sur [DN.14], Worldzum points out his past with others; when saying the Great Good Seed [DN.17], Worldend Point out the past of yourself and others; when speaking of the Supervisor [DN.19], Worldworld points out their past with others; when speaking of Hemp Thiver [MN.83], Worldworld points out their past with others.
 This is said by Worldhotel [DN.29]: 'Pure Buddha! About the past, if there is a memory accompanying wisdom, he [can] as he hopes to recall, pure Buddha! About the future... (medium) pure tuo! With regard to the present life, like the future, I feel wise: “This is my last life, and now, there is no regeneration.”
 The merit or the inferior wisdom is to come as power; the underlying and troubles of the human beings potential trend wisdom is to come as power; the two gods become wisdom as come; Great grief to wisdom is come as power; all the knowledge is come As power; barrier-free wisdom is as good as it comes; in all areas of unobsession, not repealed, barrier-free wisdom is as good as it comes, so Worldworld points out his past with others, and also points to the future, and also points to the present, He explains, teaches, tells, builds, unveils, interprets, clarifies, explains.” For the person who pointed out the past.
 “[His Holiness is forced to salad like this]”: “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence... “His Holiness”, [this is] the word of love... (cl.) “Forced salad”, the name of the Brahman... Name.” Forced salad for [His Holiness like this].
 “Do not disturb, cut off doubts”: “'disturbance is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. That disturbance, thirst love has been cut off for Buddha and Worldom, the root has been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, so the Buddha is not disturbed. To disturb the disconnected state of disturbance, Worldzum does not shake when he gets... (medium) he does not shake, does not move, no tremble, not tremble (strong trembling), not trembling (strong trembling). 』 For those who do not disturb “Cut off doubters”, doubts are called suspicion: doubt on bitterness... (medium) stiffness, confusion of heart. The doubt has been cut off, cut off, destroyed, cut off, severed, severed, calmed down, dismissed, stopped, cannot be born, has been burned by wisdom fire, so the Buddha is cut off doubts. ” For those who do not disturb, cut off doubts.
 “Whoever has arrived on the other side of the law”“Worldship is the one who has come to the other side of all the law; those who have arrived in the other side; they have discarded them to the other side; they learn to arrive on the other side; those who testify that they have arrived on the other side: all the laws have arrived on the other side... (Medium) life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.” For those who have come to the other side of the law.
 “There is a need to come with a problem”: “I need to come in need... (medium) 'Please bear this burden. '” For the need to come with questions.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[His Holiness, like this, compels Salad:] The man who points to the past, does not disturb, and cut off doubts,
 For those who have come to the other side of the law, they that need come in question.
 82. the color of those who have disappeared, and all bodies are disconnected,
 Inside and outside, “nothing” of the viewer,
 Shakya! I ask Wisdom, how should a person like that be guided?
 “Color want to have disappeared”: What is color want? Color circles wait until the entrant or, the past, or when the living person wants, cognitive, cognitive state, this is the color want. “Color thought has disappeared”: “Four colorless and wait to get, they are those who want to have disappeared, departed, crossed, oversurpassed.” For the color want to have disappeared.
 “He who has cut off all his body”: “All his regenerating body has been cut off, and that part of the past, his color shall be discarded by the township.” For the break of all bodies.
 “Inside and outside, there is nothing”: “Nothing is nothing to wait until, for what reason 'nothing is nothing' for nothing to wait until? Whosoever came into the infinity of knowledge, and then came out from there, he made that knowledge not exist, wipe out, disappear. He saw “nothing”, and for this reason 'there is nothing to wait for nothing. ' ” For the viewer of “nothing” inside and outside.
 “Shakya! “I asked about Wisdom”: “Shakya”, “Shakya Worldworld is the person who came from the Shakya For Shakya... “Those who have cut off the fear of terror, and have erected from Mao.” Also for Shakya. “I ask wisdom,” I asked about his wisdom, I asked Hui, and I asked the right thing: 'What kind of like, what kind of erected, what kind of contrast should be wanted? '” For Shakya! I follow to ask Wisdom.
 “How should a person like that be guided”: “How should he be guided, should be revolved, appeased, told, considered, seen, made clear? How should it be born because of that smarter? “Like that, like those, like that, the fixator, the kind, and the similarity, whoever is the recipient of nothing to wait.” for how people like that should be guided.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “The color of those who have disappeared, and all the bereaved,
 Inside and outside, the “nothing” of the viewers,
 Shakya! I ask Wisdom, how should a person like that be guided?”
 83. [Worldroom: “Forced salad!”] All that knows, if come to be a witness,
 Knowing that the survivor is the winner, the funny person.
 “All Recognize”: “Worldworld knows four because of creation, and because of birth knows seven. How is Worldworld created to know four recognition? This is said by Worldman [SN.22.53]: 'The Bichu When recognized, will live on the climbing color, the color of the edge, the color that dwelt, there is a pouring of joy, you can come to growth, growth, expansion. Or, the Picchu! [When recognized, will live in] climbed by... (middle) or, Bichu! [When you recognize the stand, will live in] climb the want... (middle) or, Bichu! When recognized, will live on the climbing row, the row of the edge, the line of residence, and the pouring of joy, you can come to grow, grow, expand.” This is the creation of Worldworld knowing four recognition.
 How is Worldship because of the birth of seven knowledge? This is said by the Worldmen, “The There is a kind of body, all kinds of thought of life, such as: people, some days, some fallen, this is the first to recognize.
 Bichu! There is a kind of body, single thought of life, such as: to the first [Zen] past the days of the day, this is the second recognition.
 Bichu! There are single beings, all kinds of thought, such as: light and sound day, this is the third recognition.
 Bichu! There is a single, single thought of the living beings, such as: the day of the net, this is the fourth to recognize.
 Bichu! There is all the color of thinking beyond, to have the right to want, to do not want all kinds of thought [and know]: “void is boundless”, toThe void is infinitely born, this is the fifth to recognize.
 Bichu! There is beyond all void [and know]: 'Knowing is boundless, 'to know the infinity of life, this is the sixth recognition.
 Bichu! There is beyond all knowing the infinity [and knowing]: “Nothing”, to the living beings without nowhere, this is the seventh recognition. “This is worldly born to know seven.” For everything to recognize.
 “[Worldman: 'Forced Salad! ']” : “'Forced salad, 'Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Forced salad!”].
 “If come to be a witness”: “A witness, such as a witness, the other, the know, the interroperate. This is said by Worldman [DN.29]: Pure Buddha! If the past is untrue, unrealistic, without interest, such as not to answer it, pure Buddha! If the past is true, truthful, has no interest, such as not to answer it, pure Buddha! If the past is true, truthful, and of interest, there, the answer to his question, such as the one who knows the time; pure Tuo! If the future is... (medium) pure tuo! If it is not true, unrealistic, without interest, such as not to answer it, pure Tuo! If now is true, truthful, without interest, such as not answer it, pure Buddha! If the present is true, truthful and beneficial, there, the answer to his question, such as the person who knows the time. Pure Tuo! As such, in the past, future, and present law, such as the right time speaking, the person of truth, the good to say, such as the law, as the law says, is therefore called the “Rowe.”
 Pure Tuo! In the world of heavens, demons, and Van, including the Shamons, Brahmen, Heavens, Heavens, and the generations of men, who saw and heard, felt, understood, acquired, sought and taken with them, all that was done now Joyu, therefore called “like”; pure tuo! Where in this is now all right night, to Nirvana in the middle of Nirvana night, he said, talk, show that everything is true, so it is called “like”; pure Buddha! Rcome is a doer as his word; as his doers, and as such as his doers; and as his doers, therefore called “as the comes”; pure Buddha! Including the heavens, demons, and Van, including the Shamons, Brahmen, Heavens, Heavens, and the generations of men, such as conquerors, unconquered, all-seeing, and comfortable, therefore called 'Serray'. For the sake of being a witness.
 “Knowing the Survival”: “Worldworld knows who survives here because of the creation of the profession: 'This man, with the breakdown of the body, has been born to bitterness, evil, lower bound, Hell.” Worldworld knows to survive here because of the creation of the profession: 'This man has been born into the animal world after death by the breakdown of the body. ' Worldworld knows to survive here because of the creation of the industry: “This man, with the breakdown of his body, has been born into the world of hungry ghosts after death.” Worldworld knows to survive here because of the creation of the profession: 'This man has been born to man after death by the breakdown of the body. ' Worldworld knows to survive here because of the creation of the profession: “This man, with the breakdown of his body, has been born to good interest and heaven after death.”
 This is said by Worldman [MN.12]: Again, Shariver! Here, after being so familiar with my heart, I know someone: “This person who walks like that, behaves like that has gone into the disintegration of the body, after death will live into the bitter world, evil, the lower bound, the way of hell.”
 And again, Shiliver! Here, after so familiar with my heart, I know someone: “The person who walks like that, behaves like that, has entered the disintegration of the body, and will be born into the animal world after death.”
 And again, Shiliver! Here, after so familiar with my heart, I know someone: “The person who walks like that, behaves like that has entered the disintegration of the body, after death will be born into the world of hungry ghosts.”
 And again, Shiliver! Here, after so familiar with my heart, I know someone: “The person who walks like that, behaves like that, has entered the disintegration of the body, and will be born into the way of men after death.”
 And again, Shiliver! Here, after so familiar with my heart, I know someone: “The person who walks like that, behaved like that has entered the disintegration of the body, after death will be born to good fun and heavenly ways.”
 And again, Shiliver! Here, after so familiar with the heart, I know someone: “Like that, the person who acts like that has gone into the troubles of the extinction, to testify himself with wisdom, will live in the absence of Trouble heart relief, Hui relief. '” To know that depositContinued.
 “It is the winner, the funny man”: “The winner who has nothing.” “The Solver,” “to liberate the triumph, the one who is there to overcome, to the winner, and to him who increases to it. Or, Worldworld knows that this person is the color dissolution, the voice winner, the smell winner, the winner of the taste, the triumph, the winner of the family, the group (public) solver, the residence winner, the victory. The fame winner, praise the winner, the victory of the clothes, the group food winner, the residence winner, the patient's needs and medical necessities, the winner of the solution, the victory of the law, the victory of the Abida , Alan Ro victory: often beg victory, manure sweep, but three victors, the second beggar victory, after food is not affected by food victory, often sit down to victory, everywhere , the first Zen winner, the second Zen winner, the third Zen winner, the fourth Zen winner, the void boundless to the solution, to know the infinity to the solution, no place to the winner, no place to the winner, do not want to wait . ' For the winner.
 “That fun person”, there is no place to complete, that fun person, the interesting person, the fruit of the news, the reborn. Or, Worldend knows: this person is a color man... (medium) do not want to be interesting.” To be the solver, the fun person.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldman: 'Forced Salad! '] All that knows, if come to be a witness,
 Knowing that the survivor is the winner, the funny man.”
 84. Knowing that nothing is born, like this is the knot of joy,
 And when he testified this, he was there to be a Bishana,
 This is his true wisdom: the completed Brahman's.
 “Knowing that nothing is born”: “The birth of nothing” is called a work that leads to nowhere. After knowing that there is no place to guide the work of “nothing is born”, after knowing that it is “sticking”, knowing the “bondage”, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, and figuring out After.” For knowing that nothing came into life.
 “Like this is the knot of joy”: “Joy knot is called colorless greed. It is colourless greed, entrenched, obstructed, and after knowing that colourless greed is “joy knot”, after knowing that it is “sticking”, knowing that it is “bondage”, after understanding, after understanding, after measuring, judging, After respectively、After figuring out。 “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the second sentence, “like this.” For like this is joy knot.
 “After such proof of this”: “After such proof of this, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, and after figuring out.” For this after testifying to this.
 “Then be there to be a Bibashenah”: “There, go into nothing, and then come out from there, and then come out from there, to be a pibasha that is impermanent in the heart which ariseth; and the bitter of the Bibasha, the sick. ... (Middle) as a Bisha departed, and he saw, watched, watched, observed, and observed. For there to be a Bishana afterwards.
 “This is his true wisdom”: “It is his true, true, right, inverted wisdom.” For this is his true wisdom.
 “Completed Brahmen”: “Brahmen”, the excluded state of the seven laws of Brahmen... (middle) does not stop, like this can be called he is Brahmen. “The Complete Brahmen”: “Shin Van Fu, including seven kinds of school, for those who deserve to be attained but not attained, and who should testify and not testify they live, live together, dwell and stay (all over), Arrohan has been completed, should be done, the burden has been unloaded, their interests have been reached, some knot have been extinguished, to be relied by wisdom, he is a declining state, has practiced the act... (medium) life and death reincarnation And without his regeneration.” For the completed Brahmen.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Knowing that nothing is born, like this is the knot of joy,
 And when he testified this, he was there to be a Bishana,
 This is his true wisdom: the finished Brahman's.”
 At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”
 Forced salad student Brahmen asked the fourteenth [completed] instructions.


Excerpt:
 On the basis of nothing (Ni.23) Evidence of relief: out of nothing, in the heart and law of the birth of Bibasha that is inconstant, bitter, sick..., proof that leads to the creation of work without everything (none) All born) is joy knot.
 10/21/2020 06:00