15. The explanation asked by the student Brahmin of Mo E Yihua
　　85. [Venerable Moe Yixie like this:] I asked Sakyamuni twice, but those with eyes didn’t answer for me.
　　　 And until the third time, Tianxian, "Answer" was not heard by me.
"I asked Sakyamuni twice": The Brahman asked the Buddha and the Blessed One a second time, but the Blessed One did not answer the question he asked [, thought]: "In the middle, the roots of this Brahman will become familiar." "Sakyamuni" means "Sakyamuni Buddha is a monk from the Sakyamuni family." It is Sakyamuni. Or, "the rich, the rich, the rich." It is also Shakya. For him there are these wealth, namely: faith in wealth, abstaining from wealth, ashamed of wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing about wealth, giving wealth, wisdom wealth, mindfulness of wealth, righteous wealth, divine wealth, root wealth, strength wealth, and enlightenment. Cai, Tao Cai, Fruit Cai, Nirvana Cai, these various treasures are the rich, the rich, the rich. Or, "Those who are possible, those who are able, those who flow out all kinds of things, those who are sufficient, those who are heroes, those who are brave, those who are brave, those who are not timid, those who are not frightened, those who are not frightened, those who do not run away, those who have given up fear of fear, those who have left their bodies The erector." Also Sakyamuni. "I inquired about Sakyamuni twice": "I inquired, begged, requested, and made it clear to Sakyamuni twice." Inquired about Sakyamuni twice for me.
"[Like this Venerable Mo'eyi']": "'Like this', the continuation of the sentence... (omitted) "Moo'eyuya", the name of the Brahmin... (omitted) is called." Like this Venerable Mo E Yi Wei].
"The one who has eyes did not answer for me": ""The one who has eyes did not answer for me", did not answer, tell, explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify, and explain for me. Five eyes are those who have eyes: the naked eyes are those who have eyes, the heavenly eyes are also those who have eyes, the wise eyes are also those who have eyes, the eyes of Buddha are also those who have eyes, and all eyes are also those who have eyes.
　　 How does the Blessed One regard the naked eye as having eyes? There are five colors in the eyes of the Lord: cyan, yellow, red, black, and white. [World Zun’s eye hairs] The eye hairs are blue, extremely blue, correct, beautiful, and equivalent to flax (Sri Lanka version), and the others are yellow, extremely yellow, golden, and correct. Beautiful, beautiful, equal to the flower of the winged tree. The two eyes of the Blessed One are red, extremely red, straight, beautiful, and equal to cochineal, and in the middle are black, extremely black, not coarse, moist, straight, beautiful, and equivalent to wet The others are white, extremely white, white, yellow-white, upright, beautiful, and equivalent to the Taibai star. With the naked eyes of the Blessed One who belonged to the natural individual and was born in the previous good industry, he saw everything in Yiyushun day and night, when there are four branches of darkness: sunset, black side [moon] busa, heavy forest, and time The black cloud of Nimbus (Thailand version) appears. Like this, when there is the darkness of the four branches, he also sees everything in Izumi day and night. There are no walls, or shutters, or fences, or mountains, or bushes, or Gemans, which are obstacles to his vision of form and form. If a sesame is marked and put into a cart full of sesame, he can select that sesame. In this way, the Blessed One's natural naked eye is pure, and the Blessed One regards the naked eye as an eye.
　　 How does the Blessed One regard the Sky Eye as the one with eyes? With a pure and transcendent celestial eye, the Blessed One sees that when all beings die and pass away, they are inferior, triumphant, beautiful, ugly, fortunate, and misfortune, knowing that all beings flow according to their karma: "These beings and monarchs have body, evil, behavior, Evil deeds, deeds of intention and evil, rebuke the saints, wrong views and karma of holding wrong views, they have passed away after death to the suffering realm, evil interest, lower realm, hell, or these beings, who have good deeds of body, good deeds of speech, To do good intentions, do not condemn the saints, right view and uphold the right view of the karma, they have passed away to the world of goodness and heaven after death by disintegrating their bodies. "In this way, with a pure and transcendent celestial eye, he saw that when all beings died and passed away, in the inferiority, victory, beauty, ugliness, fortune, and misfortune, he knew the flow of all beings according to karma. When he wants, the Blessed One can see one world world, two world worlds, three world worlds, four world worlds, five world worlds, and ten worlds. Realm, I can see 20 world realms, 30 world realms, 40 world realms, 50 world realms, 100 world realms, and you can see These thousand small world realms can also see these two thousand middle world realms, as well as these three thousand great thousand world realms [AN.3.81]. Or if he wants to, he can see it. In this way, the Blessed One's heavenly eyes are all pure, and the Blessed One regards the heavenly eyes as having eyes.
　　 How does the Blessed One regard the wise eyes as the one with eyes? The Blessed One is the Great Wisdom, Broad Wisdom, Quick Wisdom, Quick Wisdom, Gain Wisdom, Insight Wisdom,Kind of wisdom: those who are skillful, those who have developed wisdom, those who have proved that they have reached the unimpeded, those who have reached the four fearless ones, those who possess ten powers, those who are like cows, those who are like lions, those who can afford People, those with boundless wisdom, those with boundless brilliance, those with boundless fame, the rich, the rich, the rich, the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the informer, the one who makes it anxious, the one who makes it visible, the one who makes it clear , The Blessed One is indeed the founder of the unborn Tao, the producer of the unborn Tao, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the Tao, the knower of the Tao, the knower of the Tao, and, [其] The disciples now live in the Dao's accompaniment, and will be the possessors in the future.
The Blessed One is indeed the one who knows and the one who sees, he knows and sees; he is the one who is born with eyes, is born with wisdom, is born with Dharma, and is born with Brahma; is an interpreter, promoter, and interpreter of righteousness, The immortal giver, Dharma King, Tathagata, none that the Blessed One did not know, did not see, did not know, did not testify, did not touch with wisdom, the past, the future, and the present came to the Buddha and the Buddha with all the deeds In the field of wisdom, anyone with any name that should be guided to reason can be known: one's own righteousness or others' righteousness or both, or the righteousness of the current life or the righteousness of the next life or both , Or deep or hidden or hidden, or should be guided to infer, or have been guided to determine, or no fault or pollution, or clear or top interest , Everything revolves in the Buddha's wisdom.
All body karma follows the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One; all language karma follows the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One; all mental karma and the Blessed One’s wisdom; the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is barrier-free; the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One’s wisdom on the future It is barrier-free; about the current wisdom is barrier-free, all that should be guided to infer is that of wisdom; all that of wisdom is to be guided to infer, and that should be guided to infer The ultimate is wisdom; the ultimate of wisdom is what should be guided and deduced, and beyond the wisdom that should be guided and deduced does not turn; there is no way to transcend wisdom that should be guided and deduced. These laws live in mutual restrictions, such as two boxes. The cover is completely in contact, and the lower cover does not go over the upper one; the upper cover does not go over the lower one, and is restricted to each other. [Similarly,] All that should be guided to infer that is the reach of wisdom; all that should be guided to inference is the reach of wisdom; the ultimate that should be guided to inference is wisdom; the ultimate of wisdom is to be Those who lead inference, transcendence should be led to infer, and the post-intellect does not turn; transcendence has no way to be led inferential. These laws live in mutual restriction.
The wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred in all the Dharma, all the Dharma is the Buddha, the Blessed One’s turn to belong, the hope is to belong, the intention is to belong, the mind is to arise, the wisdom of the Buddha and the Blessed One is transferred to all living beings, the Blessed One Know the intentions of all living beings, know the potential tendency of troubles, know the behavior, know the solution (ambition), know about the less dusty, the more dusty; the rooted, the dull rooted, the good deeds, the evil deeds, and the susceptibility Teachable and uncomfortable beings; capable and incapable sentient beings, including the world of heaven, demon, and Brahman; generations of saman, brahman, heaven, and man all revolve in the wisdom of Buddha.
If any fish, turtles, and even the big fish swallowing boats revolve in the sea, the same, including the world of heaven, the world of demons, and the world of Brahman; the generations including sandman, brahman, heaven and man are all in the Buddha Chinei turned around. Such as any bird and even the gold-winged birds of the descendants of Wei Na were turning around in the void field. In the same way, those who possess the same wisdom as Sariputta also revolve in the field of Buddha wisdom. The wisdom of the Buddha is pervasive and transcends heaven and human.
Those wise Kshatriya, wise Brahmins, wise homeowners, wise sandmen, smart dissidents, sharp breakers who want to do evil views with a wise attitude, they are ready Later, I saw the Tathagata and asked about the hidden and secret [yili]. Those questions were discussed and answered by the Blessed One with reasons, but they abandoned those nearby and became the [disciples] of the Blessed One. At that time, the Blessed One was there, "Yihui" 』Hui Yao. In this way, the Blessed One regards the insight as an eye.
　　 The Buddha takes Buddha’s eyes as the one who has eyes like this? When the Blessed One observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with less dust and more dust; those with roots and blunt roots; those with good deeds and evil deeds; those who are easy to teach and difficult to teach; some who live in other worlds Sin and terror [, others who do not live in seeing sin and terror in other worlds]. Just like in the green lotus pond, red lotus pond, and white lotus pond, some green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water, rest on the surface of the water, sink and grow underwater; some green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus grow in the water and grow in the water. Water, and water surfaceThey live on the same height; some green lotus, red lotus, and white lotus are born in the water, grow in the water, rise above the water, and live and stand without being stained by water. Similarly, when the Blessed One observes the world with the eyes of the Buddha, he sees those with less dust and more dust; those with sharp roots and blunt roots; those with good deeds and evil deeds; those who are easy to teach and difficult to teach; Sins and horrors in other worlds [, others who do not live in seeing sins and horrors in other worlds] [DN.14, 69 para.]. The Blessed One knows: "This person is a greedy person, this person is an abusive person, this person is a foolish person, this person is a pathfinder, this person is a believer, and this person is a wise person. The Blessed One said to the greedy people. The Blessed One informs those who hate walkers of the practice of compassion. The Blessed One makes them settled in recitation, questioning, hearing of the law at the right time, discussion of the law at the time, and co-living with teachers. The Blessed One informs the person who seeks the path. The Blessed One tells those who believe in a confident form: the good sense of Buddha, the good nature of the Dhamma, the good practice of the Sangha and his precepts. The Blessed One tells Vipassana to those who are wise practitioners: impermanence, ascetic, and non-self.
　　 "If you stand on the top of a rocky mountain, you can see all the people,
　　　Similarly, those who are virtuous and all-eyed climbed up the tall building of Dharma,
　　　 Those who are divorced, looking at people who are in sorrow, conquered by birth and old age.
　　　 please get up! hero! Victor on the battlefield! Caravan leaders, debt-free people walk in the world,
　　　World Lord! Please teach Dhamma! There will be (will) knowers. [DN.14, paragraph 69]』
　　 The Buddha takes the eyes of the Buddha as an eye.
　　 How does the Blessed One regard all eyes as having eyes? All eyes are called state wisdom of all knowing. The Blessed One arrives (has), fully arrives (has), enters, fully enters, has enough, has all the state wisdom of knowing.
　　『For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there are still unknowable, unknowable things,
　　　 He proves that everything that exists should be led to infer, because the Tathagata is like that for all eyes. [Ps.1, paragraph 121]』
　　 The Blessed One regards all eyes as having eyes like this. "For those who have eyes, they didn't answer for me.
"And until the third time, the god, the "answer" was not heard by me": ""Until the third time, the Buddha and the Dharma master answered the question asked, I didn't make it go." This was learned by me, Understand and be distinguished by me like this. "Heavenly immortals", "The Lord is a god and immortal." For example, "A monk from a king is called a king immortal; a brahman who is a monk is called a Brahman immortal. Similarly, the world lord is a god and an immortal. ." is a god.
　　Or, "The Lord is a monk. "" is also an immortal; "the seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the Great Ring Aggregate" is also an immortal... (slightly omitted); Dading Yun...(slightly omitted) Dahui Yun...great Liberation Aggregate...『Great Liberation Wisdom Seekers, seekers, and seekers who see abundance” are also immortals; “seekers, seekers, and seekers who gather in the dark” are also immortals; “seekers and seekers of destruction of the Great Upside Down” "The Seeker" is also an immortal; the thirsty love of the drawing of the arrow...the unraveling of the accumulation of the sight...the collection of the big slow flag...the calming of the great work...the increase of the great torrent... Letting go of the burden... the cessation of the cycle of the great reincarnation... the disappearance of the great heat... the cessation of the great heat... the rise of the Dafazhi... the great minds... (slightly) the great Zhengqin... The big gods...the big roots...the great powers...the great enlightenments...the big eight sacred paths...the seekers, pursuers, and seekers of the immortal Nirvana of the great supreme interests" are also immortals; All beings seek, pursue, and search: Where is the Buddha? Where is the Lord? Where is the god among the gods? Where is the king of cows among people? 』It is also a fairy. "So until the third time, Tianxian, "Answer" was not heard by me.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "[Venerable Venerable Mo 闍闍 like this:] I inquired about Sakyamuni twice, but those with eyes didn’t answer for me.
　　　 And it was not until the third time that the "solution" was heard by me. "
　　86. This world, other worlds, the Brahman world, including the gods,
　　　 I don’t know what you see: Well-known Joe Damo.
　　 "This world, other worlds": ""This world" is the human world. "Other worlds" are all worlds except the human world." It is this world and other worlds.
　　 "The Brahma world, including the gods": "The world including the heavens, demons, and Brahman; including the generations of Shamon, Brahman, heaven, and man." It is the Brahma world, including the gods.
　　 "I do not know what you see": "The world does not know what you see, like, hobbies, opinions, intentions, intentions: "This is thisThose who don’t see it, those who like it so much, those who love it so much, those who advocate this, those who intend to do so, those who intend to do so," don’t know, don’t see, don’t see, don’t get, can’t find, don’t get. "For not knowing what you saw.
"Famous Qiaotam": ""The Lord is the gainer of fame." For the famous person, or, "The Lord is the one who is respected, respected, respected, respected, clothes, food, shelter, the needs of the sick, The gainer of medical necessities." Also the famous person." The famous Joe Damo.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "This world, other worlds, the Brahman world, including the gods,
　　　 I don’t know what you see: Well-known Joe Damo. "
　　87. Such a remarkable seer comes with questions in need,
　　　 How to observe the world, the dead king can’t see?
"Such an excellent seer": "Such an excellent seer, the first seer, the most victorious seer, the extraordinary seer, the first seer, the highest seer, the supreme seer." For such a remarkable viewer.
　　 "The needy comes with a question": "With a question I need to come... (Omitted) Please bear this burden." In this way, the needy comes with a question.
　　 "How to observe the world": "How to observe the world, the examiner, the measurer, the judge, the distinguisher, the clarifier." It is how to observe the world.
　　 "Dead King can't see": "Dead King can't see, can't see, can't see, can't get, can't find, can't get." It means that King can't see.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "Such an outstanding seer comes with questions in need,
　　　 How to observe the world, the dead king can’t see? "
　　88. Please observe that the world is empty: Mo Eyi! Always thoughtfully,
　　　 After seeing me, I can become a dead person in this way,
　　　 Those who observe the world like this cannot be seen by the King of Death.
"Please observe that the world is empty": "the world", the world of hell, the world of animals, the world of evil spirits, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of places, this The world, the other worlds, the Brahma world, including the heavenly [world]. A certain monk said to the World Blessed One [SN.35.82]: "Great Virtue! Is called "World, World", Great Virtue! What situation is called "World"?" "Bhikkhu! "Broken", so it is called "World". And what is "broken"? Bhikkhu! Eye is broken, form is broken, eye consciousness is broken, eye contact is broken, and all that arises from this eye contact is either happiness or suffering , Or neither suffering nor feeling is also broken. Ear is broken...(Omitted) smell is broken...the body is broken, touch is broken...means broken, law is broken, Consciousness is dissipated, and mental touch is dissipated. Any happiness, suffering, or unpleasantness that arises from this mind is also dissipated. Bhikkhu! "Broken", so it is called " The world."
　　 "Please observe that the world is empty": Observe that the world is empty for two reasons: because of the consideration of not being turned around freely or the thinking of being empty. How to observe that the world is empty due to the consideration of not being turned around? The freedom in form cannot be obtained, the freedom in reception cannot be obtained, the freedom in thinking cannot be obtained, the freedom in action cannot be obtained, and the freedom in consciousness cannot be obtained. This was said by the World-Honored One [SN.22.59]: "Bhikkhus! Form is selfless. Bhikkhus! Because if this form is me, this form will not cause disease, and will also be obtained in form: "My form is like this ; Don’t be like this in my form." But, bhikkhus! Because form is selfless, therefore, form causes disease and cannot be obtained in form: "My form should be like this; my form should not be like this."
　　 Bhikkhus! Feeling is without self. Bhikkhus! Because, if this feeling is me, this feeling will not cause disease, and it will also be gained in the feeling: "My feeling should be like this; my feeling should not be like this. "But, monks! Because feeling is an egolessness, so feeling leads to illness, and you cannot get it: "My feeling should be like this; my feeling should not be like this. 』
　　 Bhikkhus! I think there is no self. Bhikkhus! Because, if this thought is me, this thought will not cause disease, and it will also be obtained by receiving: "I want this; my want is not like this. "But, monks! Because thinking is no-self, so if you want to cause illness, you can't get it: "I want it like this; I don't want it like this. 』
　　 Bhikkhus! There is no self. Bhikkhus! Because if this line is me, this line will not cause disease, and you will also get in the line: "My line should be like this; my line should not be like this. "But, monks! Because the action is non-self, therefore, the action causes disease, and it is not obtained in the action:"My deeds should be like this; my deeds should not be like this. 』
　　 Bhikkhus! Consciousness is selfless. Bhikkhus! Because, if this consciousness is me, this consciousness will not cause disease, and will be obtained in consciousness: "My consciousness should be like this; my consciousness should not be like this. "But, monks! Because consciousness is non-self, consciousness causes illness and cannot be obtained in consciousness: "My consciousness should be like this; my consciousness should not be like this. 』」
This was said by the Blessed One [SN.12.37]: "Bhikkhus! This body is not yours, nor other people’s, bhikkhus! This is old karma, which should be seen as created, created by thought, and can be felt. There, bhikkhus! There are the holy disciples who have heard of the reason-based origination: "Like this, when this exists, there is that; when this arises, that arises; when this does not exist, there is no That; when this is extinguished, that is extinguished, that is: ignorance is the condition for action; action is conditional for knowledge; consciousness is conditional for name and form; with mind and form as condition, there are six places; There is contact with the condition; the feeling with the contact; the thirst with the feeling; the taking with the thirst; the taking with the condition; the living with the being; the living with the living Predestined conditions arise from old age, death, sorrow, sorrow, suffering, sorrow, and despair. This is the collection of the entire suffering.
But just with that ignorance fade and perish; to perish; to perish; to perish;... (omitted) to die with birth and death, death, sorrow, sorrow, suffering, sorrow, despair, this is the whole suffering The off. "" This is because of the consideration of not being turned around freely and observing that the world is empty.
　　 How is the observation that the world is empty because of the view of dakino? The solidity in form cannot be obtained, the solidity in receiving cannot be obtained, the solidity in thinking cannot be obtained, the solidity in behavior cannot be obtained, and the solidity in consciousness cannot be obtained. Color is always solid and solid, or pleasure is solid and solid, or I is solid and solid, or with constant, or with eternity, or with constant, or with constant change.的; accept... (abbreviated) right and wrong, no solid, away from the solid; accept... right and wrong, no solid, away from the solid; think... right and wrong, no solid, away from the solid; OK... right and wrong, No solidity, leaving solidity; Consciousness is solid and solid with common, or solid with happiness, or solid with mine, or with constant, or with eternity, or with constant, or with constant change of right and wrong Solid, non-solid, leaving solid, such as reed right and wrong, no solid, leaving solid, and such as castor... (omitted) and such as Utan bowl right and wrong, no solid, leaving solid, and such as Shedaka Cover the tree whether it is solid, non-solid, and away from solid, as well as whether the Shujia tree is solid, non-solid, and away from solid, as well as whether the bubble is solid, non-solid, and away from solid, and whether it is solid, such as blisters. , Leaving solid, as well as whether the sun flame is solid, non-solid, leaving solid, and as if the plantain trunk is solid, non-solid, leaving solid, and such as non-solid, non-solid, leaving solid. In the same way, color is always solid and solid, or pleasure is solid and solid, or I is solid and solid, or with constant, or with eternity, or with constant, or with constant change. , Leave the solid; accept... (omitted) right and wrong, no solid, leave solid; accept... right and wrong, no solid, leave solid; think... right and wrong, no solid, leave solid; do... Right and wrong, no solidity, depart from the solid; the knowledge is solid with the usual solid, or with the solid solid with the happiness, or with the solid solid of my own, or with the constant, or with the constant, or with the constant, or with not The law of change is non-solid, non-solid, and away from solid. In this way, the observation of the world is empty because of the thinking of dakaya. Observe that the world is empty for these two reasons.
Or, observe that the world is empty for six reasons: the eyes are empty with me, or with what we are, or with constant, or with eternity, or with constant, or with unchanging methods; ears... (omitted) are Being empty; feeling... is empty; thinking... is empty; doing... is empty; knowing with me, or with what I have, or with constant, or with eternity, or with constant, or with constant change Dharma is empty; color... (omitted in the middle) is empty; sound... is empty; smell... is empty; taste... is empty; touched... is empty; Our place is empty with constant, or with eternity, or with constant and constant, or with unchanging method; eye consciousness... (omitted) is empty; consciousness... is empty; eye touch... is empty; Consciousness...is empty; eye contact and sound... are empty; mental touch and sound... are empty; physical thinking...is empty; dharma thinking...is empty; color thinking... It's empty; Fa Si...is empty; the craving for sex...is empty;Seeking... is empty; lust and serving... is empty; the law serves me, or with what we are, or with constant, or with eternity, or with constant and constant, or with constant change. There are reasons to observe that the world is empty.
Or, observe that the world is empty for ten reasons: physicality is renounced, hypocritical, empty, selfless, untruthful, murderer, nothingness, unlucky root, troublesome, and promising ; Accept...(slightly) thinking...being...knowing...{death}[interesting]...death...being born...have (existence)...reincarnation...reincarnation is abandoned, hypocritical, Empty, selfless, untruthful, murderer, nothing, the root of misfortune, troubled, and promising. Observe that the world is empty for ten reasons.
Or, observe that the world is empty for twelve reasons: Form is not a living being, not a life, not a human being, not a student Brahman, not a woman, not a man, not the real self, not what we are, not me, not mine, not anything Human beings are not anyone’s; to feel... (slightly) thinking... action... Consciousness is not a living being, not a life, not a human being, not a student Brahman, not a woman, not a man, not the true self, not what we are, not me, It's not mine, it's not anyone's, it's not anyone's, so observing the world is empty for twelve reasons.
This was said by the Blessed One [SN.22.33]: "Bhikkhus! Whatever is not yours, you must cut it off! If you cut it off, it will be of long-term benefit and happiness for you. And, bhikkhus! What is not yours Bhikkhus! Whatever is not yours, you must give up! If you give up it, it will have long-term benefits and happiness for you; Bhikkhus! Give up what is not yours, you must give up! If you give up it, you must give up There is long-lasting benefit and happiness for you; monks! If you don’t think about it, you have to give up! If you give up it, there will be long-lasting benefits and happiness for you; Bhikkhus! If you do not, you have to give up If you cut it off, there will be long-lasting benefits and happiness for you; monks! Those who know what is not you, you must let go! If you cut it off, there will be long-lasting benefits and happiness for you. Bhikkhus! If it is not yours, you must cut it off! If you cut it off, it will be beneficial and happy for you. Bhikkhus! Just like in this forest, people will take away grass, fuelwood, branches, leaves, or burn it, Or do it according to what he wants, you will think like this: "People take us, or burn it, or do what he wants." "No, Dad! What is the reason? Dad! Because this is not me, nor what I belong to." "Similarly, monks! Whatever is not you, you must give up! If you give up it, there will be long-term benefits and happiness for you. And, monks! What! Is it yours? Bhikkhus! If it is not yours, you have to give up! If you give up it, it will be of long-term benefit and happiness for you; accept... (omitted) think... OK... monks! Consciousness! If it is not yours, you must give it up! If you give it away, it will have long-term benefits and happiness for you."
Venerable Ananda said to the World-Venerable [SN.35.85]: "It is called: "The world is emptiness, the world is emptiness", Great Virtue! What situation is called "the world is emptiness"?" "Ananda! Because of me or What I am is emptiness, so it is called "the world is emptiness". Ananda! What is emptiness in me or what I am? Ananda! Eyes are empty in me or what I am, form... (omitted) is emptiness, eye awareness... …Is emptiness, eye contact...is emptiness, all happiness, suffering, or unpleasantness that arises from this eye contact also regard me or my being as emptiness, ear...is emptiness, sound... ...Is emptiness, smell...is emptiness, taste...is emptiness, body...is emptiness, touched...is emptiness, mind...is emptiness, Dharma...is emptiness, consciousness...is emptiness, intention touch... …Is emptiness. Any happiness, suffering, or unpleasantness that arises from this consciousness will also regard me or my being as empty. Ananda! Because I or my being is empty, it is called "The world is empty." This is also to observe that the world is empty.
　　 "It's purely the arising of Dharma, purely the continuation of actions,
　　　 For those who see it truthfully, the village chief! He has no fear. [Thag.715]"
　　 "The world is the same grass and trees, when Yihui sees it, [Thag.716]
　　　 will not expect anything else: at other junctions. "
　　 This is also to observe that the world is empty.
This was said by the Blessed One [SN.35.246]: "Similarly, monks! Bhikkhus search for physicality until all the pleasures of physicality are reached; search for feelings until all the pleasures of receiving are reached; explore and think until all thoughts Searching for all the interesting places; searching for the behaviors until all the interesting places of the behaviors are reached; searching for knowledge until all the interesting places of consciousness are reached, when he searches for the colors, until all the interesting places of the colors are reached; exploring and receiving ……(Slightly) I think…Go...Explore consciousness until all the interesting places of consciousness are in time. Anyone who "I", "mine", or "I am" no longer exists for him. "This is also to observe that the world is empty.
"Please observe that the world is empty": "The world is empty, please observe, please examine, please see, please measure, please judge, please distinguish, please figure out." Observe that the world is empty.
"Mo E Yi Xun! Always mindful": ""Mo E Yen Xian", the Blessed One calls that Brahman by his name. "Always", all the time... (omitted) old age. )', is mindful in four ways: when practicing mindfulness and mindfulness on the body... (omitted), he is called mindful." It is Moe Yin! Always mindful.
　　 "Pull out my follow-up": "I follow-up" is known as the Twenty Places of Seeing. Here, the unheard of ordinary people have never seen the saints, those who are not proficient in the saints, and have not been trained in the saints; they have never seen good people, are unskilled in the good people, and have not been trained in the good people. They think that sex is me. , Or I have form, or form in me, or I am in form, feel... (slightly) think... OK... think that consciousness is me, or I have consciousness, or consciousness in me, or I am in consciousness In [SN.22.1], where such views, evil views, jungle views, desert views, distorted views, shaken views, and bound views hold, accept, hold, cling, evil ways, Evil way, evil nature, the place where the outer path rests, the clasp of inversion (vipariyesa), the clasp of inversion (viparīta), the clasp of inversion (vipallāsa), the clasp of evil, "on the unreal [see] The grip of "for the real", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, this is what I see. "Pull me away and see after": "I will see after removal, after eradication, after removal, after removal, after removal, after complete removal, after abandoning, after expelling, after finishing, making it go to nowhere Existence.” To get rid of me, follow up.
"In this way, you can become a dead person": "In this way, you can save yourself from death, you can save yourself from aging, you can save yourself from death, you can transcend, you can pass, you can pass, you can overcome." In this way, you can become a dead person.
　　 "Those who observe the world in this way": "Those who observe, examine, measure, judge, distinguish, and clarify the world in this way" are those who observe the world in this way.
"The king of death cannot see": "Death is the king of death; demons are also the king of death; death is also the king of death. "Invisible", the king of death is invisible, unseen, unobtained, not found, no Get it. This was said by the World-Honored One [≈MN.25]: "Bhikkhus! Just like a deer living in the woods, walking with peace of mind when walking in the woods and forests, standing with peace of mind, sitting with peace of mind, lying with peace of mind, what is that? The reason? Bhikkhus! That's a realm that violent people can't reach. Similarly, bhikkhus! Here, the bhikkhus live in search and wait after entering after renunciation from desires and unwholesome dharma, and happiness and joy after being separated. First Zen, Bhikkhus! This is called the bhikkhu blinding the demon. After killing the demon's eyes, Bo Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
　　 Besides, monks! Bhikkhus calm down with seeking and serving, confident, and one mind. After entering, they live in the second jhana where there is no seeking and no serving, and concentration produces joy and happiness... (nearly) the third jhana... after entering, dwell in neither suffering nor happiness , The fourth jhana from calm and chanting, monks! This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
　　 Again, monks! Bhikkhus transcend all lusts and thoughts, with the extinction of opposing thoughts, without thinking about all kinds of thoughts [and know]: "Void is boundless", after entering, live in the boundless void, monks! This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
　　 Besides, monks! After Bhikkhu transcends all emptiness and boundlessness [and knowledge]: "Consciousness is boundless", after entering, live in the boundlessness of consciousness... (omitted).
　　 Besides, monks! After Bhikkhu transcends all the boundless places of consciousness [and knows]: "There is nothing", after entering, live in the boundless places... (omitted).
　　 Besides, monks! After the monk transcends everything and nothingness, he enters and lives in a place where he does not want to.
　　 Besides, monks! After the monk transcends all non-thinking and non-thinking things, he enters and stays in wanting to be destroyed. After seeing with wisdom, his troubles are destroyed, monks! This is called the Bhikkhu blinding the demon. After killing the demon's eyes, Bo Xun enters a state of invisible and helplessness, letting go of his attachment to the world. He walks, stands, sits, lie down in peace. What is the reason? Bhikkhu is an unreachable area for Bo Xun. Invisible to the King of Death.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　 "Please observe that the world is empty: Mo Er Yi! Always mindful,
　　　 After seeing me, I can become a dead person in this way,
　　　 Those who observe the world like this cannot be seen by the King of Death. "
　　 At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
　　 The fifteenth explanation asked by the student Brahmin [completed].

Summary:
　1. Observe that the world is empty (I or my office is empty, SA.232/SN.35.85) to prove liberation.
　2. Observe that the world is empty for two reasons: because of the consideration of not being turned freely (without self) or because of the thinking of empty space (without solidity).
　10/23/2020 15:51
