18. Explanation of reciting verses on the other side
　　102. [Venerable Binchia like this:] I will recite the other side road, if he sees it like this, he tells: the scumbag, the vast wise,
　　　 Desire, a desireless forest dragon elephant, why would he say vainly?
"I'm going to recite the other side road": "I'm going to recite what's been recited, I'm going to recite what's been told along with the narration, I'm going to talk about what's been talked about, I'm going to talk about what's been talked about , I am going to say what has been said." Because I am going to chant the other side road.
"[Like this Venerable Binqiya]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (abbreviated) This is the order of the sentence, which is "Like this". "Venerable", this is love, honorific, With respect and obedience, it is "Venerable One." "Binqiya", the name, title, title, security, common name, name, naming, appellation, vocabulary, phrase, appellation of the Brahmin. [Venerable Binchia like this].
"If he sees like this, he speaks": "If he sees like this, he tells, explains, teaches, informs, establishes, uncovers, analyzes, clarifies, and explains: "All actions are impermanent" as he sees like this, he tells , Explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify, and explain; "all actions are suffering"... (abbreviated) "all dhammas are selfless" ...... "every collection of dharma is extinguishing dharma" like him Seeing like this he tells, explains, teaches, informs, establishes, uncovers, analyzes, clarifies, and explains.” For as he sees like this he tells.
"The scumbags, the vastly wise ones": "The scumbags, greed is scum; hatred is scum; ignorance is scum; anger... resentment... (omitted) all unwholesome deeds are scum, and those scums are to the Buddha and the world It has been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, something immortal for the future. The scumbag, the Buddha is the scumbag, the scumbag, and the scumbag. , The one who has abandoned the scale, the one who has been freed from the scale, the one who has overcome all the scale. The earth is called the Guang, and the Blessed One has the same expansive wisdom as that of the earth. The wisdom is called the wisdom, that is the wisdom, the understanding...(中略) Without delusion, choosing the Dhamma, and right view, the Blessed One has, fully possessed, walked in, fully walked in, possessed, totally possessed, possessed this wisdom and wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is extremely wise. .
"Desire-free, desireless forest dragon elephant": "Desire", "There are two kinds of desires in Congsheng: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (abbreviated) These are called the desires of things... (abbreviated) These are called the desire for pollution. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the desire for things has been omniscience, the desire for pollution has been abolished, in the state of omniscience of the desire for things, and the desire for pollution has been abandoned. In the state of deceased, the Blessed One does not desire in desire; does not want in desire; does not hope in desire; does not desire in desire; does not ask in desire. Anyone who desires in desire; does not want in desire; in desire Pray; eagerly hope in desire; those who pray in desire, they are those who desire desire, those who are greedy, and those who want to think. The Blessed One does not desire in desire; does not want in desire; in desire No hope; no desire in desire; no prayer in desire, therefore, the Buddha is a person who has no desire, a person who has renounced desire, a person who has abandoned desire, a person who has eliminated desire, a person who has liberated desire, a person who has renounced desire, and has died Those who desire desire, those who have left greed, those who have no greed, those who have abandoned greed, those who have eliminated greed, those who have liberated greed, those who have renounced greed, those who have renounced greed, those who are not hungry, those who have extinguished, Those who have become cool, those who feel happiness, and live by themselves as those who have been born in Brahman." are those who are free from desire.
"For those who have no desire for forests", greed is desire for forests; hatred is desire for forests; ignorance is desire for forests; anger is desire for forests; resentment is desire for forests... It is said that it has been cut off, and the root has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, something that will not live in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is a person who has no desire to forest, a person who desires forest, a person who has left the forest, and has been thrown away. Those who go to the forest, those who have abandoned the forest, those who have been freed from the forest, and those who have overcome all the forest. 』It's the one who has no desire. "Dragon Elephant", "Dragon Elephant [and] the Lord does not commit crimes" is the dragon elephant; "Don't go" is the dragon elephant; "Don't come" is the dragon elephant... (Omitted) This is the "World Lord does not come" as the dragon elephant. "It's a free-spirited, apathetic dragon elephant.
"For what reason will I say falsely": ""For what reason", "For what reason? What is the cause? What is the reason? What is the cause? What is the condition?" For what reason. "Speaking falsely" means speaking, telling, explaining, and speaking falsely. "Speaking falsely", can speak falsehood; can speak falsehood; can speak non-sacred words: here, a certain type of people go to the synagogue or to the assembly , Or to the relatives, or to the group, or to the palace, was brought as a witness to question: "Hey! Come! Man! Please tell me what you knowTaoist. He said without knowing: "I know. Or, as he knew it, he said: "I don't know. He didn't see it and said, "I see. Or, when he saw it, he said, "I didn't see it. "Like this, he deliberately said vainly based on his own cause, or the cause of others, or because of a little temptation. This is called false speech.
　　 Or, use three aspects as liars: just before [say] [mind]: "I will say liars. "When I said [thinking]: "I'm talking liar. When I have said it [thinking]: "I have said the lies. Take these three behaviors as lies. Or, use the four behaviors as a liar: just before [saying] [thought]: "I will say a liar. "When I said, [thinking]: "I'm talking liar. When I have said it [thinking]: "I have said the lies. 』There are opinions of different attachments (errors), and these four behaviors are regarded as lie. Or, take five forms... (omitted) Six forms... Seven forms... Eight forms are lie: Just before [say] [Mind]: "I will speak lie . "When I said [thinking]: "I'm talking liar. "When I have said it [thinking]: "I have said the lies. There are opinions of different attachments (wrong), the likes of different attachments, the hobbies of different attachments, the desires of different attachments, and the nature of different attachments. These eight behaviors are regarded as lie and false words. For what reason will vainly speak, tell, explain, and speak. "Why do you say vainly?
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "[Venerable Binchia like this:] I will recite the Dao of the other side, if he sees it like this, he tells: the scumbag, the vast wise,
　　　 Desire, a desireless forest dragon elephant, why would he say vainly? "
　　103. Those who have given up their ignorance and foulness, belong to those who have given up on the slow and hide the evil,
   come on! I will tell, with beautiful words.
"Belongs to those who have given up on ignorance and scumming": "'Soul', greed is scum; anger is scum; ignorance is scum; slow is scum; seeing is scum; pollution is scum; all evil deeds are scum; The karma is dirt.
　　 "Infatuation", the ignorance of suffering... (omitted) The fence of ignorance, the root of ignorance and badness, this is called ignorance. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the ignorance and scum have been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent things that will not live for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has renounced the slander and scum. "It belongs to those who have given up on ignorance and foulness.
"Belongs to those who renounce slowness and hide evil": ""Slowness", one is slow: that is the height of the heart, two kinds are slow: self praise is slow, contempt for others is slow, three kinds For slowness: "I am the winner" for slowness, "I am the same" for slowness, "I am the inferior" for slowness, there are four kinds of slowness: to gain to make it slow, to fame to make it slow, Use praise to make it slow, and music to make it slow. There are five kinds of slowness: "I do get the desired color." To make it slow, "I do get the desired sound... (omitted) smell... taste ……Touched.” To make it slow down, with six kinds of slowness: the eyes have the feet to make it slow, the ears have the feet... (omitted) the nose is the feet... the tongue is the feet...the body is Fullness...satisfaction of the mind makes it slow. Seven kinds of slowness: slowness, extreme slowness, slowness and extreme slowness, humbleness, slowness of increase, slowness of self-reality, slowness of evil, and eight kinds of slowness: Obtaining makes it slow, not getting it makes it humble, fame makes it slow, fame makes it slow, praise makes it slow, rebuke makes it humble, and makes it happy. Slowness is produced, and suffering is used to produce humbleness. There are nine kinds of slowness: the winner thinks: "I am the winner" is slow, the winner thinks: "I am the same" is slow, the winner thinks: "I am the inferior" for the slow and equal think: "I am the winner" as the slow, the equal thinks: "I am the same" as the slow, the equal thinks: "I am the inferior" as the slow The inferior thinks: "I am the winner" is slow, the inferior thinks: "I am the same" as slow, the inferior thinks: "I am the inferior" as slow, ten kinds of slow: here , Some are born, or surname, or good family, or beauty as a lotus, or property, or research (acquisition), or career, or craftsmanship, or Ming (academic) , Or by what you hear, or by arguing, or by something to make it slow. Anyone who likes this kind of heart slow, thinks, thinks situation, tribute high, high slow, banner, high, heart vanity is called slow.
　　 "Hiding evil", where the hiding of evil, hypocrisy, hypocrisy, jealousy, jealous behavior, this is called hiding evil. For the Buddha and the Blessed One, the slowness and the hiding of evil have been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent things that will not be born for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is a person who abandons slowness and hides evil. . "It belongs to those who renounce slowness and hide evil.
"Come on! I will talk about beautiful words": ""Come on", the continuation of sentences; the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words and sentences; this is the order of the sentence, which is "Come on "I will speak with beautiful words", reach (have), reach (have), enter, enter, have enough, have enough, have beautiful words, words, ways and words, I will tell, I I will teach, I will tell, I will build, I will uncover, I will parse, I will clarify, I will explain." Come on! I will tell beautiful words.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "Those who have given up their ignorance and scumming, belong to those who have given up on the slow and hide the evil,
   come on! I will tell, with beautiful words. "
　　104. Dispel the dark, enlightened, all eyes, those who have reached the edge of the world, surpass all the others,
　　　 Those who have no troubles, give up all suffering, those who are truly called, Brahmins! Be served by me.
"Dispelling the dark, enlightened, and all eyes": ""Dispelling the dark", the darkness of greed, the darkness of aversion, the darkness of ignorance [, the darkness of slow], the darkness of seeing, the darkness of pollution, the darkness of evil , Blindly do [, do not make eyes], do not be the destroyer of wisdom and wisdom, annoying companions, do not lead Nibbana to exclude, remove, abandon, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence. ", "That is the Blessed One... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the enlightened one." All eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom... (abbreviated) Tathagata is the one who is all eyes." Dispel the dark ones, the Buddha, all those who see.
"Those who have reached the edge of the world, transcend all those who have": ""World", one world: some world, two worlds: some world and the arising world; what has become into the world and what arises becomes the world; there is The world of degeneration and the degeneration of the arising of the world. Three worlds: three feelings. Four worlds: four foods. Five worlds: five accumulations. Six worlds: six inner worlds. Seven worlds: seven consciousness dwelling. Nine worlds: where the nine living beings live. Ten worlds: ten places. Twelve worlds: twelve places. Eighteen worlds: eighteen worlds. "Those who have reached the edge of the world", "The Lord is the one who has reached the edge of the world; has reached the edge Those who have reached the end; those who have reached the end... the ones who have reached the Nirvana; the ones who have reached the Nirvana, the ones who have fallen into the state, the ones who have practiced... the cycle of life and death, without his rebirth." By.
　　 "Beyond all beings" and "being", there are two types: karma and rebirth. What is karma? Blessed deeds, non-blessed deeds, and immovable deeds are karma. What is rebirth? The forms, feelings, thoughts, behaviors and consciousness of the knot are reborn. The Blessed One is the transcended one, the one who has passed through, and the one who has overcome again. "For those who have reached the edge of the world and surpass all others
"Those who have no worries, those who give up all suffering": "There are four kinds of worries in "worries": worries of desire, worries of some, worries of seeing, worries of ignorance. Those worries have been given up to the Buddha and the Blessed One , The root has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes a non-being thing that will not be born for the future, so the Buddha is a trouble-free person. "To cut off all suffering", to him, everything belongs to the reproductive life Suffering, old suffering, sickness, death, sorrow, sorrow, despair... (slightly omitted) the suffering of decay has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom. The Buddha is the one who gives up all suffering." For the one who has no troubles, gives up all the suffering.
"True addresser, Brahmin! Be served by me": "True addresser", "True addresser, equivalent name, equivalent addresser, true equivalent addressee, Vai Po Shizun, Shiqi Shizun, Visheva Shizun, Kulou Sunshizun, Kunnahan Shizun, and Kassapa, those Buddhas and Shizun are those who have the same name and the same address, and Shakyamuni also belongs to those Buddhas, and the Shizun is the same name and those who are the same name." So the Buddha is real. Caller.
　　 "Brahmin! Be served by me": "The Blessed One is trusted, served, respected by me, asking and asking questions all the time." It is a Brahman! Serve by me.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "To dispel the dark, enlightened, and all eyes, those who have reached the edge of the world, surpass all those who have,
　　　 Those who have no troubles, give up all suffering, those who are truly called, Brahmins! Be served by me. "
　　105. For example, a bird will live in a fruity forest after abandoning a small forest,
　　　 After I abandon all the rare things like this, like a goose has reached the great lake.
"For example, after a bird abandons a small forest, it will live in a fruity forest": ""A bird (twice born) is called a bird (winged). Why is a bird born twice called a winged? "Born twice" is born twice: "From mother'sThe uterus and the egg shell, born twice for this reason, are called winged. "Is a bird (born twice). "Like after abandoning a small forest", like a bird, a small mountain forest with little fruit, food, and water. After abandoning, after abandoning, after passing, after passing, after passing, you will get, find, and get other fruits Large forests and dense forests with lots of food and plenty of water will build shelter in that dense forest. After abandoning the grove for the bird, it will live in the fruity forest.
"Like this, after I abandon the rare ones, it is as if the geese have reached the great lake": ""Like this" is a metaphorical arrangement. "After abandoning the rare ones", Van Bawali Brahman and other his Asari compare with Buddha and Blessed One Those who are rare, insignificant, inferior, inferior, non-most-seen, those who are rare, insignificant, inferior, inferior, inferior, inferior After abandoning, after abandoning, surpassing, surpassing, and transcending, the best-seen one obtains, finds, and obtains the Buddha, the world-honored person: the immeasurable seer, the top seer, the unequal, the unequal, the uncontrasted, Incomparable, incomparable, heaven in the sky, cow king among men, lion among men, dragon elephant among men, virtuous men, cow king among men, cow with strong endurance among men, holder of ten powers . For example, the geese will get, find, and get the big man-made (Thailand version), or the immortal pool, or the unshakable and immeasurable water accumulation of the sea lake. Similarly, the Buddha and the Blessed One are the unshakable ones. Those with infinite brilliance, those who have developed wisdom, those who have discerning eyes, those who are clever, those who have proven to be unobstructed, those who have reached the four fearless ones, those who have pure aspirations, those who are lonely and white, those who do not talk, those who claim to be Those who are like that, those who are not small, those who are great, those who are deep, those who cannot be measured, those who are difficult to penetrate, those who have vast treasures, those who are equal to the ocean, those who have six peaces, those who are incomparable, those who are vast, and those who cannot be measured, he It is the speaker like that, the speaker of the Tao, like Mount Sumi in the mountains, like the gold-winged bird among the birds, like the lion among the beasts, like the river reaching the sea, he is the master, the winner, the top one, and the great immortal. "After I abandon the rare ones for this, like the goose has reached the great lake.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　"If a birdhouse abandons a small forest, it will live in a fruity forest,
　　　 After I abandon all the rare things like this, like a goose has reached the great lake. "
　　106. Whatever they told me before, before Gotama’s teaching: like this that was once, like this and that will be,
　　　 That's all rumors, all that is an increase in theory.
"What they told me before": ""Fan", Fanbawali Brahman and Fan other his Asari, they explain, explain, teach, inform, establish, uncover, analyze, clarify, and explain their own views, My likes, my hobbies, my own opinions, my own intentions, my own intentions.” They told me before.
"Before the teachings of Gautam": "Before the teachings of Gautam, on the other side of the teachings of Gautam, before the teachings of Gautam; before the teachings of Gautam, the Buddha's The precepts, the precepts of the victors, the precepts of the Tathagata, the first precepts of the Arahants." It is before the precepts of Gautam.
　　 "Like this and that was, like this and that will be": "Legend that it was like this, and that it will be like this." It was like this that that was, like this that it will be.
"It's all rumors": "It's all rumors, rumors, inheritance, the teachings of the scriptures, logical inferences, reasoning, thoughts about theories, opinions accepted after meditation, and they tell that they are not personally proven by themselves, not themselves The proven method." Because that is all rumors.
"That is all the increase in theory": "It is all the increase in theory, the increase in seeking, the increase in thinking, the increase in desire, the increase in malicious seeking, the increase in persecution, the increase in seeking The increase in the search for the land, the increase in the search for the land, the increase in the search for death, the increase in the search related to sympathy with others, the increase in the search related to the benefit of respect and reputation, and the increase in the search related to not being scorned." Because that's all a theoretical increase.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "Anything they told me before, before Gotama's teaching: like this that was once, like this that will be,
　　　 That's all rumors, all that is an increase in theory. "
　　107. Alone, dark disperser, sitting down, he is the shining one, the author of light,
　　　 Qiao Damo is a wise man, and Qiao Damo is a broad wise man.
"The one who is alone, the one who disperses the darkness, and the one who sits down": ""One who is alone", the Blessed One is alone with the name of a monk, with no partner for righteousness as alone, with thirsty for righteousness as alone, and "always free from greed" , "Yixiangliying" means alone, "Yixianglizhi" means alone, "always no pollution" means alone, "have"Crossing the road without a fork" is alone, and "have already realized the highest enlightenment" as alone.
　　 How is the Blessed One alone in the name of a monk? When the Blessed One was young, the black-haired youth possessed the happiness of youth. At the beginning of life, even if the parents didn’t want, tearful, crying, and sighing, they still abandon their relatives, cut off all obstacles in the home, and cut off their children. After wife barrier, cut off family barrier, cut off friend barrier [, cut off storage barrier], shave hair and put on robes, change from being a monk at home to a non-domestic life, into a state of no possessions Then walk alone, live, act, turn around, guard, survive, and survive. "In this way, the Blessed One is alone in the name of a monk.
　　How is the Blessed One to be alone without a partner? "When he was such a monk, he was alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): quiet, quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for sitting alone; he [walk alone, ]Walk alone, stand alone, sit alone, lie alone, enter the village alone for alms, go forward alone, return alone, sit alone in a quiet place, perform alone, walk alone, live, move, turn, guard, and survive alone , Make survival. "In this way, the Blessed One regards being alone without a partner.
　　How is the Blessed One to be alone with the house of thirsting love? He is so alone and without a partner. He should live in reluctance, enthusiasm, and self-effort. Under the Bodhi tree by the Nilian Chan River, he will be diligent and diligent, destroying the demon accompanied by the army, the evil demon, and the relatives of the liberated. Afterwards, the netted, strong flowing, entangled thirsty loves him to abandon, drive away, end, and make him go to non-existence.
　　『People who have thirsty love as their partner, reincarnate for a long time,
　　　 becomes this state, other states, does not go beyond reincarnation.
　　　 knows this kind of trouble: craving is the origin of suffering,
　　　 Departure from thirsty love, no taking, bhikkhus should march conscientiously. 』[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746 verse]
　　 This is the Blessed One who is alone with the thirsty home.
　　 How can the world-zun be alone with "Yixiangliying"? "Take one of the states of greed to renounce greed" as aloneness, "to renounce one of the angered states of renunciation" as loneliness, "use one of the maddening states of renunciation, to liberate" as independence, "to taint One of the off-states is "no pollution" alone. [In this way, the Blessed One is alone with "always free from greed". ]
　　 How is the Blessed One who "has passed the road without fork" as alone? The road without forks is called the Four Mindfulness...(Omitted) Eight-branch Holy Path.
　　『The one who sees the death of life, the one who is pitiful, knows that there is no way,
　　　 used this way to cross the storm in the past, and they will be and present. 』[SN.47.18]
　　 This is the way the Blessed One "has passed the road without fork" as alone.
　　 How is the Blessed One's "Single Enlightenment" as being alone? Enlightenment is called wisdom [, wisdom], root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment of choice, investigation, vipassana, right view on the four realms. The Blessed One realized that "all actions are impermanent"; that "all dharmas are non-self"... (abbreviated), "every collection of dharmas is extinguished." Or, everything that should be felt, should be conscious, should be awakened, should be enlightened, should be realized, should be touched, should be testified, everything is conscious of that consciousness , Awakening, awakening [, enlightenment], attainment, reach, testify. In this way, the Blessed One is alone.
"Dispelling the Darkness", the darkness of greed, the darkness of aversion, the darkness of idiot [, the darkness of slow], the darkness of seeing, the darkness of pollution, the darkness of evil deeds, those who do blindly, do not look for eyes, do not do wisdom and wisdom The annoying companion party does not lead to the exclusion, removal, abandonment, abandonment, exorcism, and end of Nirvana, the Blessed One, to make it non-existent. "Sit down", "The Blessed One is sitting in Bosha led the Gota Temple. 』Sit down.
　　『When Muni was sitting on the hillside, he had reached the other side of suffering,
　　　 disciples serve, Sanming’s death deceased. [SN.8.10]』
　　 This is also the one who sits down. Or, "In the state where all efforts have ceased, the Blessed One is the one who sits, the one who has fallen, and the one who has practiced... (Omitted) The cycle of life and death, without his regeneration. 』This is also the one who sits down. "For the alone, the dark disperser, and the sitting down.
"He is the shining person, the author of the light": "The shining person is the wise, wise, wise, enlightened, wise, distinguished, and wise. "The luminous author", Author of light, author of light, author of light, author of light, author of light, author of light, author of light.” For him is the author of light, author of light.
　　 "Qiao Damo is the one who is broad and wise": "Qiao Damo is the one who symbolizes the vastness (Wisdom is the symbol, Wisdom is the flag, Wisdom is the flag, Wisdom is the increase, the multi-selection, the simpler, the more deliberate, the fully deliberate nature, the one who lives in the understanding, The character, the more, the heavy, the object of that, the harder, the lean, the winner, and the better.
　　『The flag is the sign of the car, the smoke is the sign of the fire,
　　　 The king is the symbol of the country, and the husband is the symbol of the woman. [SN.1.72]』
In the same way, Qiao Damo is the symbol of the vastness (the broad wisdom), the wisdom as the symbol, the wisdom as the banner, the wisdom as the flag, and the wisdom as the increase. For those who understand, those who have character, those who have more, those who value the other, those who target that, those who work hard, those who lean toward that, those who overcome the solution, those who improve, those who have more character, those who have more The one who emphasizes the other, the one who takes that as the object, the one who works hard, the one who leans toward the one who overcomes, the one who increases. "For Qiao Damo, he is a wise man.
"Guotama is the vast wise man": "The earth is called the broad, and the Blessed One possesses the same broad and extended wisdom as the earth. Wisdom is called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) No delusion, choice of law , Right view. The Blessed One has reached (has), reached (has), entered, entered completely, has enough, has enough, has this wisdom [,wi]. Therefore, the Buddha is an extremely intelligent person." .
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "The alone, the dark disperser, the sitting one, he is the shining one, the author of the light,
　　　 Qiao Damo is a wise man, and Qiao Damo is a broad wise man. "
　　108. The one who taught me the Dharma: directly visible, immediate,
　　　 the extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, there is no metaphor for that no matter where.
"The one who teaches the Dhamma for me": ""the one", that is the one who is the world-honored person, the solo person, and the one without a teacher who has realized the truth in the Dharma that has not been heard before, and reaches the state of all knowing there. One who is in a state of freedom in strength. "Teaching the Dharma", "Dharma", the beginning is good, the middle is good, the end is good; the meaning is correct, the words are correct; only the perfect and pure Brahma: four mindfulness... (Omitted) The eight holy paths, Nirvana and the path leading to Nirvana, he explained, taught, informed, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, and explained." He taught the Dhamma for me.
"Directly visible, immediate": ""Directly visible, immediate, invited to meet, guided, and the wise should experience it by himself." This is directly visible. Or, "He is practicing eighth Supporting the holy way, he will realize that way indiscriminately and immediately, and he finds and obtains results." This is also directly visible. "Instant", such as after people give money to them at a certain time, [果报] they are indiscriminately Obtained, they waited for time. The Dharma is indeed not this. Anyone who is practising the Eight Noble Paths in his life will realize that path indiscriminately and immediately. He finds and obtains the fruit, not elsewhere (the next life), not in The other world (the next life), this is instant." It is directly visible and instant.
"Extinction of thirst, no disaster": ""Thirst for love", the thirst for eroticism...(in the abbreviation) Dharma thirst. "Exhaustion of thirst", extinction of thirst, extinction of greed , The extinction of hatred, the extinction of delusion, the extinction of interest, the extinction of past rebirth, the extinction of knot rebirth, the extinction of some, the extinction of reincarnation, the extinction of rotation. "No disaster", pollution The sum and formation are called catastrophes, the renunciation of catastrophes, the cessation of catastrophes, the cessation of catastrophes, the cessation of catastrophes, immortality, and nirvana." It is the extinction of craving and no catastrophe.
"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ""For that", for Nirvana. "There is no metaphor", there is no metaphor, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, Not to be known, not to be discovered. "No matter where," no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside of oneself, or inside and outside." For that, there is no metaphor no matter where.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "The one who taught me the Dharma: directly visible, immediate,
　　　 the extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, there is no metaphor for that no matter where. "
　　109. Why did you leave from that person, Binchia! Even for a moment:
　　　 From the broad wisdom of Qiao Damo, from the broad wisdom of Qiao Damo?
　　 "Why did you leave from that place?": "Why did you leave, leave, leave, and leave from the Buddha." Why did you leave from that place.
　　 "Pinchia! Even for a moment": "Even a moment, even an instant, even an instant, Even part time, even half day time. "For even a moment. "Binchia," Bawali called that junior by his name.
"From the Qiao Tama to the broad and wise": "From the Qiao Tama's vastness as the symbol (the broad and wise), from the wisdom to the symbol, from the wisdom to the banner, from the wisdom to the flag, from the wisdom to the increase Those who choose from more, choose from more simple, from more deeply consider, from fully consider the nature, from the person who lives in the understanding, from the character, from the more, from the more, from the more, from the that as the object From the one who works hard, from the one who leans towards that, from the one who overcomes, and from the one who increases." It is from the wiser of Gautam.
"From the vast wise man of Gautama": "The earth is called Guang, and the Blessed One possesses the same vast and expanding wisdom as that earth. Wisdom is called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) No delusion, choice Dharma, right view. The Blessed One has reached (has), reached (has), entered, entered, fully entered, fully adequate, possessed this wisdom and wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is an extremely wise person." For the vast wise person from Gautam .
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "Why did you leave from that person, Binchia! Even for a moment:
　　　 From the broad wisdom of Qiao Damo, from the broad wisdom of Qiao Damo? "
　　110. He teaches you the Dharma: directly visible, immediate,
　　　 the extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, there is no metaphor for that no matter where.
"He teaches the Dhamma for you": "["He",] That is the Blessed One... (Omitted) There is one who reaches all states of knowledge and freedom in power. "Teaching Dharma", "Dharma", beginning It is good, and there is good in the middle... (abbreviated) Nirvana and the path leading to Nirvana, he explains, teaches, informs, establishes, uncovers, analyzes, clarifies, and explains." He teaches the Dhamma for you.
"Directly visible, immediate": ""Directly visible, immediate, invited to meet, guided, and the wise should experience it by himself." This is directly visible. Or, "He is practicing eighth Supporting the holy way, he will realize that way indiscriminately and immediately, and he finds and obtains results." This is also directly visible. "Instant", such as after people give money to them at a certain time, [果报] they are indiscriminately Obtained, they waited for time. The Dharma is indeed not this. Anyone who is practising the Eight Noble Paths in his life will realize that path indiscriminately and immediately. He finds and obtains the fruit, not elsewhere (the next life), not in The other world (the next life), this is instant." It is directly visible and instant.
"Extinction of thirst, without disaster": ""Thirst for love", the thirst for eroticism... (narrowly) Dhamma's thirst. "Exhaustion of thirst", the extinction of thirst, and the extinction of greed , The extinction of hatred, the extinction of delusion, the extinction of interest, the extinction of past rebirth, the extinction of knot rebirth, the extinction of some, the extinction of reincarnation, the extinction of rotation. "No disaster", pollution The sum and formation are called catastrophes, the renunciation of catastrophes, the cessation of catastrophes, the cessation of catastrophes, immortality, and nirvana." It is the extinction of thirsty and no catastrophe.
"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ""For that", for Nirvana. "There is no metaphor", there is no metaphor, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, Not to be known, not to be discovered. "No matter where," no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside of oneself, or inside and outside." For that, there is no metaphor no matter where.
　　 Because of that, the brahmin said:
　　 "He teaches the Dharma for you: directly visible, immediate,
　　　 the extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, there is no metaphor for that no matter where. ".
　　111. I never live away from that person, Brahmin! Even for a moment:
　　　 From Qiao to the broad wisdom, from Qiao to the vast wise.
　　 "I didn't live away from that person": "I didn't live away from the Buddha, leave, leave, leave." Because I didn't live away from that person.
　　 "Brahmin! Even for a moment": "Even for a moment, even for a moment, even for a moment, even for a moment, even for a moment, even for a moment." "Brahmin", he respectfully calls his uncle.
"Those who are broad and wise from Qiao Tama": "Those who are marked by the vastness of Qiao Tama (Bright Wisdom), those who use wisdom as symbols, those who use wisdom as flags, those who use wisdom as flags, and those who use wisdom as their flag. Those who choose from more, choose from more simple, from more deeply consider, from fully consider the nature, from the person who lives in the understanding, from the character, from the more, from the more, from the more, from the that as the object From the one who works hard, from the one who leans towards that, from the one who overcomes, and from the one who increases." It is from the wiser of Gautam.
　　「From Qiao Damo ZhiThe vast wise man": "The earth is called the broad, and the Blessed One possesses the same broad and extended wisdom as that of the earth. Wisdom is called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) No delusion, choice of law, right view. The Blessed One arrives (To have), to reach (to have), to enter, to enter, to have enough, to have enough, to have this wisdom and wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is an extremely wise person." The vast wise person from Gautam.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "I didn't live away from that person, Brahmin! Even for a moment:
　　　 From Qiao to the broad wisdom, from Qiao to the vast wise. "
　　112. The one who taught me the Dharma: directly visible, immediate,
　　　 the extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, there is no metaphor for that no matter where.
"The one who teaches the Dhamma for me": "["The one",] that is the one who is the world-honored person, the solo person, and the one without a teacher who is now enlightening the truth in the Dharma that has not been heard before, and is there to reach all who know State and being in a state of freedom in strength. "Teaching the Dharma", "Dharma", the beginning is good, the middle is good, the end is good; the meaning is correct, the wording is correct; only the complete and pure Brahma: four mindfulness He explains, teaches, informs, establishes, uncovers, analyzes, clarifies, and explains the path to nirvana, the four righteous diligences, the four divine feet, the five faculties, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, the eight sacred paths, Nirvana, and the path leading to Nirvana." Teach the Dhamma for me.
"Directly visible, immediate": ""Directly visible, immediate, invited to meet, guided, and the wise should experience it by himself." This is directly visible. Or, "He is practicing eighth Supporting the holy way, he will realize that way indiscriminately and immediately, and he finds and obtains results." This is also directly visible. "Instant", such as after people give money to them at a certain time, [果报] they are indiscriminately Obtained, they waited for time. The Dharma is indeed not this. Anyone who is practising the Eight Noble Paths in his life will realize that path indiscriminately and immediately. He finds and obtains the fruit, not elsewhere (the next life), not in The other world (the next life), this is instant." It is directly visible and instant.
"Extinction of thirst, no disaster": ""Thirst for love", the thirst for eroticism...(in the abbreviation) Dharma thirst. "Exhaustion of thirst", extinction of thirst, extinction of greed , The extinction of hatred, the extinction of delusion, the extinction of interest, the extinction of past rebirth, the extinction of knot rebirth, the extinction of some, the extinction of reincarnation, the extinction of rotation. "No disaster", pollution The sum and formation are called disasters, the renunciation of disasters, the cessation of disasters [, the cessation of disasters], the cessation of disasters, immortality, and nirvana." It is the extinction of craving and no disaster.
"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ""For that", for Nirvana. "There is no metaphor", there is no metaphor, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, Not to be known, not to be discovered. "No matter where," no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside of oneself, or inside and outside." For that, there is no metaphor no matter where.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "The one who taught me the Dharma: directly visible, immediate,
　　　 the extinction of thirst, the disaster-free, there is no metaphor for that no matter where. "
　　113. I saw him like my eyes, Brahman! Day and night,
　　　 I spend the night in salute, just because of that I think I haven't left.
"I see him like an eye with intention": "If a man with eyes can see, see, watch, observe, observe color, etc. in the light. In the same way, I see, see, watch, observe with intention , Observe the Buddha, the World-Honored One." For me, I saw him like an eye.
　　 "Brahmin! Day and night without letting go": "During the day and night without letting go, I practice Buddha's thoughts." It is a Brahman! Relentless day and night.
"I spend the night in salute": ""In salute", in salute with the body, or salute with words, or salute with the heart, or salute with the meaning In homage, or in obedience to the law, in respect, in respect, in respect [, in salute], in reverence, I spend, spend, pass through day and night." For me in salute Spend the night.
"Because of that, I think there is no renunciation": "When practising with that Buddha's mindfulness, I think it is "no renunciation". I think, I know that it is "no renunciation." I know so; I am so. I know; I don’t do it like this; I know so sure; I know it well.” Because of that, I think I haven’t left.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "I saw him like my eyes, Brahman! Day and night,
　　　 I spend the night in salute, just because of that I think I haven’t left. "
　　114. Letters, joys, thoughts, thoughts, these did not depart from Gautam’s teachings,
　　　Where the wise person walks, I pay respect to the other person in that direction.
"Faith, joy, mind, thought": ""Faith", everything about faith, belief, trust, extremely pure faith, faith, root of faith, faith to the Blessed One. "Happy", everything about the joy and joy of the Blessed One Joy, joy, rejoicing, joy, laughter, laughter, happiness, satisfaction, and the enthusiasm of the heart. "Meaning": everything about the heart, intention, heart, heart (dirty), white (clean), intention, The mind, the root of the mind, the consciousness, the consciousness and the consciousness corresponding to the consciousness. "Mind", all about the thoughts of the Blessed One, reminiscence (remembrance), and mindfulness." It is faith, joy, mind, and thought.
"These did not depart from the teachings of Gautam": "These four methods did not depart from the teachings of Gautam, the Buddha, the victors, the Tathagatas, the Arahants , Leave, disappear." For these did not leave from Gautam's teachings.
"Where the wise one goes": ""Where the wise one goes": "Where the direction is", east or west, or south or north, he walks, walks, walks, and heads. "Bright wise one", broad wise one is great wise one, The wise person, the wise person, the quick wise person, the quick wise person, the discerning wise person, the earth is called Guang, and the Blessed One has the same expansive wisdom as that earth." It is the direction for all Guanghui people to go.
"I pay homage to the other in this direction": "It means the one who pays homage to the Buddha's direction, the one who is the object, the one who strives, the one who leans toward the one who overcomes, the one who increases. "Because I am the one who respects others in that direction.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "Faith, joy, thought, thought, these did not depart from the teachings of Gautam,
　　　Where the wise person walks, I pay respect to the other person in that direction. "
　　115. Because of my aging and weakness, just because my body didn’t walk there,
　　　 I walked continuously with my thoughts, Brahman! Because my mind is united with him.
"Because of my aging, weak power": "I am old due to aging, old age, advanced age, and have reached the old age. "Because of weak power", due to weak power, due to low power, due to small power." Because of my aging , Weak power.
　　 "Just because the body didn't walk there": "The body didn't walk, go, go, go to the Buddha." Because the body didn't walk there.
"I walk continuously with my thoughts": "I go in the state of thinking; in the state of seeking; in the state of seeking; in the state of being wise; in the state of being aware; in the state of going, walking, walking and advancing." Carrying thinking and walking for me continuously.
　　 "Brahmin! Because my mind is united with him": "Yi": where the mind, the mind, the mind... (omitted) correspond to that consciousness. "Brahmin! Because my mind is united with him": "The mind is united with the Buddha, bound, bound completely." It is a Brahman! Because my mind is united with him.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "Because of my age and weakness, just because my body didn't walk there,
　　　 I walked continuously with my thoughts, Brahman! Because my mind is united with him. "
　　116. Lying in the mud and shaking, I floated from Zhoudao to Zhoudao,
　　　 Then see the enlightened ones: those who have crossed the waterfall, those who have no troubles.
"Lying in the mud and trembling": ""Lying in the mud (lying in the mud)", "in the mud of desire, in the mire of desire, in the pollution of desire, in the hook of desire, in the heat of desire Lying, lying, living, living in the obstacles of desire." To lie in the mud. "trembling (throbbing)", throbbing with throbbing throbs of thirst; throbbing with seeing And throbbing; throbbing with the throbbing of pollution; throbbing with the throbbing of effort; throbbing with the throbbing of the retribution; throbbing with the throbbing of the intentional deeds; throbbing with the greed Dying and throbbing; throbbing with anger and anger; throbbing with idiotic stupidity; throbbing with slowness and being tied; throbbing with clinging to seeing; throbbing with obsession Throbbing when it comes to disorganization; Throbbing because of doubtful failure to rely on; Throbbing forcefully when the potential trend of trouble comes; Throbbing because of profit; Throbbing because of no profit; With Throbbing with fame; Throbbing with namelessness; Throbbing with praise; Throbbing with rebuke; Throbbing with pleasure; Throbbing with suffering; Throbbing with life; Throbbing with life Throbbing with old age; Throbbing with sickness; Throbbing with death; Throbbing with sorrow and despair; Throbbing with the suffering of hell; Throbbing with the suffering of the animal world ；Throbbing with the suffering of the fallen ghost world; with the suffering of the world...(slightly omitted) with the root of the suffering of entering the womb... with the root of the suffering of living in the womb... with the root of the suffering of birth... …With the suffering of the surviving...The suffering of people at the mercy of (placement)... the suffering of acting by oneself... the suffering of other people's actions... [with suffering...] to do suffering... to change suffering... to suffering from eye diseases... to suffering from ear diseases Suffering... from nose disease... from tongue disease... from body disease... from head disease... from external ear disease... from mouth disease... from tooth disease ...With lip disease...with cough...with breath...outside nasal disease...with fever...with old age...with abdominal illness...with coma...under dysentery...with abdominal pain...with cholera... ...To leprosy...to tumor...to ringworm...to lung disease...to epilepsy...to ringworm...to scabies...to rheumatism...to scratching (a type of skin disease)...to dry and cracked skin... ...With blood gall bladder disease...with diabetes...with hemorrhoids...with rashes (blood blisters)...with hemorrhoidal fistulas (ulcers)...diseases caused by gallbladder...diseases caused by phlegm...started by wind Diseases... Diseases that are assembled by [three]... Diseases that are born with changes in seasons... Diseases that are born with incorrect postures... Diseases that strike suddenly... Diseases that are born with the fruit of karma... ...With cold...with heat...with hunger...with thirst...with dung...with urine...with the pain of contact with the fly mosquito, the sun and the snake...with the suffering of the dead mother...with the suffering of the dead father... ...To the suffering of brothers...to the suffering of sisters...to the sufferings of the deceased son...to the sufferings of the deceased daughter...to the loss of relatives...to the loss of money...to the loss of disease...to quit Decay...Throbbing, trembling (throbbing all over), trembling (strong trembling), trembling greatly (strong trembling) with the pain of seeing the decay. Trembling as he lay in the mud.
"I floated from Zhoudao to Zhoudao": "From master to master, from Dharma to Dharma, from group to group, from seeing and seeing, from Taoist to Taoist, from Tao to Tao, I float, Drifting (floating up), completely floating." Floating from Chau Dao to Chau Dao for me.
"Then see the enlightened person": ""Then", the continuation of the sentence; the connection of the sentence; the completion of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of the words; this is the order of the sentence, which is "then". "See", see , See, see, understand. "Enlightened One (Buddha)", that is the Blessed One, the solo... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testifies, that is, Enlightened One (Buddha)." Enlightened.
"Those who cross the waterfall, those who have no trouble": ""The one who crosses the waterfall", "The Blessed One is the one who crosses the torrent of desire, the one who crosses some torrents, the one who crosses the torrents that you see, and The ignorant violent person has passed, surpassed, surpassed, traversed, surpassed, and overcome all the cycles of rebirth. He is the one who has descended, has practiced the behavior... His rebirth." For the one who has crossed the waterfall. "The one who has no troubles" has four kinds of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, and the troubles of ignorance. Those troubles have been abandoned for the Buddha and the Blessed One. Broken, the root has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes a non-existent thing that does not live in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is called the one who has no troubles.” It is the one who has passed the waterfall and has no trouble.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "Lying in the mud and shaking, I floated from Zhoudao to Zhoudao,
　　　 Then see the enlightened ones: those who have crossed the waterfall, those who have no troubles. "
　　117. Ruba Kali is the sender of believers, as well as Bodo Uda and Arobygotham,
　　　 You should also send a letter, Binchia! You will go beyond the realm of death.
"Ru Bajiali is the one who releases believers, as well as Boduo Wuda and Arobi Gyotamo": "Ru Bajiali is a believer, a heavy believer, a leader with faith, a believer who overcomes the solution, and a believer. , Those who have reached the state of Arahant; such as Boduo Wu, who are believers, believers, those who take faith as the forerunner, those who believe in victorious, those who have reached the state of Arahant; such as Arubiyah, are those who are believers , Those who believe in faith, those who take faith as the forerunner, those who overcome faith, those who increase their faith, and those who reach the state of Arahant.” For example, Bakali is the one who releases the faith, as well as Bodo Uda and Aroviyatama.
"The same you should also issue a letter": "The same you should release, issue, fully issue, increase, issue, and fix the letter: "All actions are impermanent" You should release, issue, issue completely, increase Send out and fix the letter; "All deeds are suffering"... (abbreviated) "All Dharma is without self" You should release, send out, send out completely, increase the send out, and fix the letter... It’s the extinction of Dharma" You should release, release, fully release, increase the release, and fix the letter.” For the same, you should also send the letter.
　　 "Binchia! You will go to the other side of the realm of the god of death": The realm of the god of death is called the pollution and the various aggregates and creations; the other side of the realm of the death is calledImmortality and Nirvana are the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed, nirvana, and nirvana. "Binchia! You will go to the other side of the realm of death": "You will go to the other side; you will reach the other side; you will reach the other side; you will testify to the other side." For Binchia! You will go beyond the realm of death.
　　 Because of that, the Lord said:
　　"Ruba Kali is the sender of believers, as well as Bodo Wuda and Arobygotham,
　　　 You should also send a letter, Binchia! You will go beyond the realm of death. "
　　118. In this way I gain more confidence: After hearing Muni’s words,
　　　 has opened the covering person, the enlightened person, the non-desolate person, and the eloquent person.
"In this way I gain more confidence": "This way I gain more confidence, I am more confident, I am more trustworthy (fixed), I am more victorious: "All actions are impermanent" I am more confident, I More trust (fixed), I am more victorious; "All actions are suffering" I have more confidence... (omitted) "All laws are selfless" I have more confidence... (omitted) "Where Any collection is an end to the law" I am more confident, I trust (fixed) more, I am more victorious.” For this, I gain more confidence.
　　 "After hearing the words of Mou Ni": Mou is called Zhi... (omitted) He is Mou Ni after being dyed with the net. "After hearing Muni's words": "Your speech, language, teaching, teaching, admonitions after hearing, grasping, understanding, discerning." After hearing Muni's words.
"The one who has opened the covering, the enlightened one": ""The covering", there are five kinds of covering: the covering of craving, the covering of seeing, the covering of pollution, the covering of evil deeds, the covering of ignorance, and those coverings come to the Buddha and the Blessed One. It is said that it has been opened, has been destroyed [, has been unlocked], has been completely unlocked, has been cut off, has been cut off, has been calmed down, has been halted, cannot arise, has been burned by the fire of wisdom, Therefore, the Buddha is the one who has opened the covering. "Enlightened One", that is the Anri (pseudonym) who testified by the Blessed One... (omitted), that is, the enlightened one." It is the one who has opened the covering, the enlightened one.
"Those who are not desolate, those who have the ability to argue": "The desolation of greed, the desolation of anger, the desolation of madness, the desolation of anger, the desolation of resentment... As far as the Buddha and the Blessed One are concerned, they have been cut off and their roots have been cut off. Just like a palm tree without roots, it has become non-existent, and it is an immortal thing in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is not deserted.
　　 "Those who have the ability to argue", there are three kinds of people who have the ability to argue: the ones who have learned, the ones who questioned and the ones who have proven. What is a learned debater? Here, a certain type of people are learners of the language of the Buddha (the teachings of the Buddha): Shudara, Only Ye, Ji Shuo, Gada, Udana, Rhythm, Jataka, Never Have Dharma, Vaipura, who rely on him After learning, this is a learned debater.
　　 What is a debater who asks repeatedly? Here, a certain type of person is a questioner in [own] interests, justice [interests], characteristics, reasons, possibility and impossibility (disposal), and appears after reliance on his [that] questioning. This is the debater of repeated questions.
　　 What is a proven debater? Here, a certain type of person is the attainer of the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four spiritual feet, the five senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, the eight holy ways, the four sammon fruits, the four debates, and the six magic powers. Those who have known the reason, the known method, and the known word are the ones who are defended in the known principle, the law is defended in the known law, and the words appear in the known words. The three kinds of wisdom are not hindered. Understanding wisdom, the Blessed One has reached (has), reached completely (has), entered, completely entered, possessed, completely possessed, and possessing this argument will not hinder the understanding of wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is a talented person. If he hasn't learned, questioned, and proved, what will he answer? "For those who are not deserted, and who have the ability to argue.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "This way I gain more confidence: After hearing Muni’s words,
　　　 has opened the covering person, the enlightened person, the non-desolate person, and the eloquent person. "
　　119. After proving the Supreme Heaven, he understood everything from him,
　　　 Master is the end of the problem, and the doubters agree.
"Knowing the Supreme Queen": ""Heaven", there are three kinds of heavens: secular heaven, reborn heaven, and pure heaven. What are secular heavens? Kings, princes and queens are called secular heavens, and these are called secular heavens. Is the rebirth heaven? The four kings, the thirty-three days... (omitted) Brahma and all the heavens above that are called rebirth heavens, these are called rebirth heavens. What are pure heavens? Tathagata, Tathagata The troubles of the disciples have been exhausted. The Arahant and Fanzhu Pichi Buddha are called QingPure heavens, these are called pure heavens. After the Blessed One has realized the "Supreme Heaven" of the Secular Heaven, after the "Supreme Heaven" of the Departed Heaven, after the "Supreme Heaven" of the Pure Heaven, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "It is the queen of proof and knowledge.
"He understands everything from him": "The Blessed One understands, knows, touches, and penetrates the method that the Supreme Heaven should do for oneself and others. What is the method that one's own Supreme Heaven should do? Correct way, follow the way, do not reverse The way of walking [, the way of non-contradiction (the way of walking without contradiction)], the way of walking as it means, the way of walking according to the law, the precepts are complete, guarding the roots, knowing the right amount of food, specializing in sobriety, mindfulness and right knowledge, four mindfulness... …(Slightly omitted) Eight holy paths, these are called the methods that one's own supreme heaven should do.
　　 What should the supreme heaven of others do? The correct way of doing... (omitted) The eight holy ways, these are known as the ways that the Supreme Heaven of others should do. In this way, the Blessed One understands, knows, reaches, and penetrates the Supreme Heaven of himself and others. "For him to understand everything from him.
"The master is the end of the problem": ""The Lord is the end, the ultimate, the limit (limit), the circle (conclusion), the end of the problem of sex, the ultimate, Those who act as bounders, those who make circles; those who explain the problem of... (slightly omitted) the problem of Sanyamo... the problem of bhikkhu... the problem of bhikshuni... the problem of Upasai... the problem of Upayi... the king's problem ...The Kshatriya problem...The Brahman problem...The Vaisha problem...The Sudra problem...The god problem...The end of the Brahma problem, the ultimate, the limiter, and the circle. "Is the end of the problem. "Master", "The Lord is the leader of the caravan, such as the leader of the caravan, making all living beings cross the danger zone: make it cross the danger zone of thieves, make it cross the danger zone with beasts, make it To cross the hungry danger zone, to make it pass the waterless danger zone, he makes it out, makes it over, makes it pass, and makes it reach the ultimate place of stability. In the same way, the Blessed One is the leader of the caravan and enables all living beings to pass through Dangerous zone: make it pass through the danger zone of life, the old danger zone...(slightly omitted) the danger zone of disease...the danger zone of death...make it pass the danger zone of sadness, sorrow, suffering, worry, and despair, Make it pass through the danger zone of greed, the danger zone of anger...the danger zone of foolishness...the danger zone of slowness...the danger zone of seeing...the danger zone of pollution...the danger zone of evil deeds, He crosses the dense forest of greed, the dense forest of anger...the dense forest of foolishness...the dense forest of slowness...the dense forest to see...the polluted dense forest...to make it through the dense forest of evil deeds, he makes it come out and make it more , Make it pass, make it reach stability, immortality, and nirvana." This is the Lord as the leader of the caravan.
　　Or, "The Blessed One is the guide, the moderator, the comforter, the informer, the one who makes it deliberate, the one who sees it, and the one who makes it clear. "This is also the leader of the caravan. Or, "The Blessed One is the founder of the unborn Tao, the producer of the unborn Tao, the unannounced preacher; the one who knows the Tao, the knower of the Tao, the acquaintance of the Tao, and [its] disciple We live in the companionship of the Tao now, and will be the possessors in the future. "This is also the leader of the caravan. "Being the master is the end of the problem."
"Acknowledgement of the doubted": "When the doubter arrives, he becomes the doubter; when the nick arrives, he becomes the unmarked; when the doubter arrives, he becomes the doubter; when the doubter arrives, he becomes the doubter; there is greed. Those who come will become greedy ones; those who have anger will become ridicules when they come; those who have idiots will become idiots when they come; those who have polluters will become non-polluting ones.” The doubters agree.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "After proving that he knew the Supreme Heaven, he understood everything about himself,
　　　 Master is the end of the problem, and the doubters agree. "
　　120. What cannot be moved, cannot be shaken, there is no metaphor for that no matter where,
　　　 It is true that I will go, and there is no doubt for me here, so please remember me as a victorious soul.
"Those that cannot be moved, cannot be shaken": "Those that cannot be moved are called immortality, Nirvana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, annihilation, and Nirvana "Can’t be moved", "Can’t be greedy, angered, ignorant, angry, resentful, concealed, bossy, jealous, stingy, deceitful, cunning, stubborn, passionate, slow, extremely slow, stubborn, relaxed, All pollution, all evil deeds, all scorching heat, all troubles, all troubles, all heat, all unwholesome deeds are permanent, firm, eternal, and unchangeable." It cannot be moved.
　　 "the one that cannot be shaken", the one that cannot be shaken is called immortality, nirvanaPan, that is the cessation of all actions... (omitted) Extinction, Nirvana. For Nirvana, the arising is not known, it does not dissipate, its variation is not known, and Nirvana is constant, firm, eternal, and unchanging. "It is the one that cannot be moved and cannot be shaken.
"For that, there is no metaphor no matter where it is": ""For that", for Nirvana. "There is no metaphor", there is no metaphor, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, Not to be known, not to be discovered. "No matter where," no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside of oneself, or inside and outside." For that, there is no metaphor no matter where.
"It is true that I will go, and there is no doubt for me here": ""Really", this is the decisive (always) language, the undoubted language, the confident language, the non-duality, the undoubtedly read language, The language of instruction, the language of error-free, the language of non-failure, this is the language of certainty, which is "indeed". "I will go", "I will go, I will arrive, I will reach, I Will testify." For certain I will go. "For me there is no doubt here", "Here", there is no doubt, no hesitation, no doubt, no doubt on Nirvana, no existence, no being known, Undiscovered, cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom." For certain I will go, there is no doubt for me here.
"In this way, please remember me as the one who has the victorious mind": ""Please remember me in this way", so please distinguish me. "The victorious minder", those who lean towards Nirvana, those who lean towards Nirvana, Those who lean towards Nirvana, those who overcome Nirvana." For this reason, please remember me as the one who has the mind to overcome.
　　Because of that, the presenter Binchia said:
　　 "What cannot be moved, cannot be shaken, there is no metaphor for that no matter where,
　　　 It is true that I will go, and there is no doubt for me here, so please remember me as a victorious soul. "
　　 The eighteenth explanation of the chanting verses along the other shore road [completed].
　　 Bian Taoist products have been completed.

Summary:
　1. The Dharma taught by the World Honored One is directly visible and instant. The Dharma taught by other teachers are all rumors and an increase in theories.
2. Faithful love: I see him like an eye with my will, day and night, I spend the night in homage, wherever the bright and wise person walks, I am the one who respects others in that direction, My mind is united with him.
3. Nirvana: the extinction of craving, the one without disaster, the one that cannot be moved, the one that cannot be shaken, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, greed, annihilation, no matter where it is There is no metaphor everywhere vs. Nirvana is constant, firm, eternal, and unchanging ⇒ Take the first step towards Changle.
　11/12/2020 06:05
