- Khuddka denomination
- Chula Sleepings

# Type Paradise

## 1. Question of the young man

[Msdiv 57] (#msdiv57) {#msdiv57 .ref .msdiv} "Whoku Close the Lot,
Whoever does not appear, what the cover is stained, and when asked, take fear
What?” Hello asked the incarnate.

[Msdiv 58] (#msdiv58) {#msdiv58 .ref .msdiv} "Ajithi, Locator in Disscience
Covered. It is not possible to carry out the amusority and not to be made. Duct Tops
I say. Sadness shall be a great fear,” said the spheres.

[Msdiv 59] (#msdiv59) {#msdiv59 .ref .msdiv} "Duct Water Flow in Hamon
Basith. What is the prevention of hard water attack? Stop on the smearing. casing High
And if the water is overlaid,” Anjitha critiqued.

[Msdiv 60] (#msdiv60) {#msdiv60 .ref .msdiv} "Inhidiv, Loku
Water is a bend that prevents them from unconscious. A Mindful Carama Water Lounge
I would like to say how to avoid. They shall close discreetly completely” Buddha
Said.

[Msdiv 61] (#msdiv61) {#msdiv61 .ref .msdiv} "Niducaneni, Prophet, Mistful,
This is said to me that the two nomenclature are missing,” Ajitha Thime
Critiqued.

[Msdiv 62] (#msdiv62) {#msdiv62 .ref .msdiv} "Injid, some question
I will also tell it in the reviews. The name and image of a particular place, without remnants
In the heart the two nomenclature are undeniable.

[Msdiv 63] (#msdiv63) {#msdiv63 .ref .msdiv} "Something Intentative Thinking
There is a Dhamma who is a certain style in this world, and thou shalt be a pangdeth.
Let him proast to me their postures.”

[Msdiv 64] (#msdiv64) {#msdiv64 .ref .msdiv} "Giuntane in the rooms. by heart
Do not mess up. The remembrance of the adept of all doctrines“”

Ajitamanawaputhama.

## 2. Questions of Tissa's Message

[Msdiv 65] (#msdiv65) {#msdiv65 .ref .msdiv} "Who is happy in this locker
Whoever does not have any shocks, but discreetly knowing the two extremes
Whoever shall he say, not the great man, and whoever will be in this locker
Did it be,” Hello Tissa asked in this same way.

[Msdiv 66] (#msdiv66) {#msdiv66 .ref .msdiv} The Trusts,
“On the meth, I saw the blame in the rooms and the roads, the cravings of the road
Will you be a mindful intermittent man who is always mindful of all time”
He had no shocks.

[Msdiv 67] (#msdiv67) {#msdiv67 .ref .msdiv} "In the middle of knowing the two extremes
It is said that the great man is not taken from the prose. Hence, closing in this area
It was done,” said the man.

Thissametthethethethetheyamanawaputhi.

## 3. Questions from the Punnaka Manifestor

[Msdiv 68] (#msdiv68) {#msdiv68 .ref .msdiv} "The root of the loss of craving
I am the knower came willingly to ask a question. Most of this world
Jatilaioi, men, men, and fortnies, Brahmins, and they voteed God, and that
Commentations. He said this, “Hello said,” Hello Punty critiqued.

[Msdiv 69] (#msdiv69) {#msdiv69 .ref .msdiv} "Puller, something in this locator
Has a great man, and a brahman, who was a great man, and a brahman, had voted unto God:
The poker, the puppet and packed the shit in the hope of manhood
Awarded,” saith the spheres.

[Msdiv 70] (#msdiv70) {#msdiv70 .ref .msdiv} "The Most Guest in This World
One is a man, a man, a fortnight a Brahman to God
And when they were jailed, and they were yagayaDeaths of race jarra in april
Didn't, critique This is what the people are doing” Hello
said the third.

[Msdiv 71] (#msdiv71) {#msdiv71 .ref .msdiv} "Punner, they are in Yagyan
Applanahu Bhawasaha, and give them a reproach to those who have given them.
Words saws, even after the rooms themselves because of cheap, so the nation did not put the shit out there”
He made the pitists.

[Msdiv 72] (#msdiv72) {#msdiv72 .ref .msdiv} "Svean Nidukanan
Hence the two nation jara, and whoever again is born in the human lev
Asking whether the jara and death did it? It is what the spheters have given me”
Hello said in the lunchiness.

[Msdiv 73] (#msdiv73) {#msdiv73 .ref .msdiv} "Who Charge Himself in Loku
There is no shock anywhere in the world, whether others, and spiritualness.
Immociously smoked, and born with no suffering crossed the shit”
“”

Punakamanawaputhu.

## 4. Metagu Manawaka Question

[Msdiv 74] (#msdiv74) {#msdiv74 .ref .msdiv} stew teeth have the properties accustomed
He knows. Someone in the locker is Nana, because they are sad.
Hello Metthagu Thime cried.

[Msdiv 75] (#msdiv75) {#msdiv75 .ref .msdiv} "Methagu Manawaka, from me
I hear sadness from it. I will promulate it to the lob as to feel.
Is there any sadness in the Bath of Locka, and the cravings are the root of it.

[Msdiv 76] (#msdiv76) {#msdiv76 .ref .msdiv} "Someone Is Unsure
The cravings come back again and again in the same age. Therefore, the know-how
For the birth of sorrows, the girl knows not to sin,” said the prophets.

[Msdiv 77] (#msdiv77) {#msdiv77 .ref .msdiv} "If something is critiqued, tell us
did. Other critique. It will be measured in the stool. Panditees are also the nation's genesis.
How the Mahawater blow is crossed, and Muni Thime will publish it to me. so May
You know this doctrine.”

[Msdiv 78] (#msdiv78) {#msdiv78 .ref .msdiv} "Methguin, I in this spirit
I will promulate that doctrine to the same. Behave in remembrance of knowing something
The craving of the locator will be dampened,” said the prophets.

[Msdiv 79] (#msdiv79) {#msdiv79 .ref .msdiv} "The Great Greater, That High
I am pleased with the doctrine. Cravings to behave in remembrance of knowing something
Dirty.

[Msdiv 80] (#msdiv80) {#msdiv80 .ref .msdiv} "Metagu Manawaka, Sarasa under the top
Knowing something in the middle, desire for these, and taking vision, consciousness
Leave not to be satired,” said the spheres.

[Msdiv 81] (#msdiv81) {#msdiv81 .ref .msdiv} "In remembrance of such a decomposition
The prayful man will abandon the objects taken as motherhood and behave
Three-day, the nation shall give up its sorrows.

[Msdiv 82] (#msdiv82) {#msdiv82 .ref .msdiv} "To this word of Maharshen
Happy. Bhavath Gauvah, we were given Nirvana.
In that way, the proveyors brought away the suffering. Also this doctrine is you
Known by.

[Msdiv 83] (#msdiv83) {#msdiv83 .ref .msdiv} "Promoting some recruited munitions
From what admonition, they also give sorrows. Nagans come and you
Him clawed. If the spouses will give me an admonition.

[Msdiv 84] (#msdiv84) {#msdiv84 .ref .msdiv} "Discreet with abandoned sins
Perpetrated. Rooms with nothing in the RagamaA certain Brahman who is not sticky to the
Wah, and he crossed this line. Ethru also. Suspected Hull
Nor went to the terrarium.

[Msdiv 85] (#msdiv85) {#msdiv85 .ref .msdiv} "The teething teeth are discreet
A man has given up this passion in the big little troops and suffered the craving.
“I will say that we have not longed and crossed the nation jara.”

Metagomanawaputhana Chatuthu.

## 5. WOOKA Maunawaka Questions

[Msdiv 86] (#msdiv86) {#msdiv86 .ref .msdiv} "Maharshen, from you
Commentations. Proclamate unto me the prophets, and unto the word of thee
I would like. I will hear your words and lie silently in his own shadow”
Hello, he critiqued the Dhokatha.

[Msdiv 87] (#msdiv87) {#msdiv87 .ref .msdiv} "Dotter, if so in this plant itself
The girl is shaft in remembrance with a girl. Hear from this and silence himself
“Hikmeai in the house,” he said.

[Msdiv 88] (#msdiv88) {#msdiv88 .ref .msdiv} "I am in the Divine Man Location
I see a bamunan who conducts postures without ragarable. You will have full eyes
I will measure my doubt, O O O man.”

[Msdiv 89] (#msdiv89) {#msdiv89 .ref .msdiv} "Bloader I have doubts about teasing
No one will go to redemption. Knowing the doctrine thus you cross this saddle
Karva.”

[Msdiv 90] (#msdiv90) {#msdiv90 .ref .msdiv} "Gracing
Manigrate the patronage. I know some leisure doctrine to change like the heavens
Unwinding. This was not inspired by the craving views
I behave.”

[Msdiv 91] (#msdiv91) {#msdiv91 .ref .msdiv} The “Loader”
Say shanthi. In the same way, knowing something without trickling and behaving in mind
Distance of teasing cravingDucarov.”

[Msdiv 92] (#msdiv92) {#msdiv92 .ref .msdiv} "I behave in remembrance of knowing something
I am happy with the Buddha and in the great shanty. teasing
I will impoverse the cravings.”

[Msdiv 93] (#msdiv93) {#msdiv93 .ref .msdiv} The Tutters “Dotter, Udadara
If you know something in the middle and in the middle, this is great in Lokuya
Without craving the craving of the jewelery.”

Dhothakamanawaputhu.

## 6. Birthation Manawaka Formula

[Msdiv 94] (#msdiv94) {#msdiv94 .ref .msdiv} "In the post. I am a person
I can not cross the saddle of the great girl without giving a doctrine or miracle.
If something will breathe and cross the saddle, let the discreet matter be purposeful for it”
Hello the reviews of the subpoena.

[Msdiv 95] (#msdiv95) {#msdiv95 .ref .msdiv} The “Subsequent,
In remembrance, the Archina does not look, and cross the saddle.
Leave the rooms and forsake the doubt, and behold the night at two o'clock.”

[Msdiv 96] (#msdiv96) {#msdiv96 .ref .msdiv} "Anyone in all rooms
The same person, except for fear of the lower society, who inspired the prayer of the Vitharageea and
Question of Hello Subscribers, whether they are not being chugged at the same time”
makes.

[Msdiv 97] (#msdiv97) {#msdiv97 .ref .msdiv} "One desires a drop in all rooms
Is it true, give up Cessa and give up the hatchet, and also the other.
He said, “Be in the Acqua.”

[Msdiv 98] (#msdiv98) {#msdiv98 .ref .msdiv} "Almighty there
For many years, if they were erected, there were many years at the same time in the country.
Sow will be in the yard. Conscious Chuthaveda (Lost)”

[Msdiv 99] (#msdiv99) {#msdiv99 .ref .msdiv} “SubC.E
Do not say that the fire, which was put in the air, went unto its own armpits
Can. Also, the nomenclature is unto the yard. Got back to the place
Not.”

[Msdiv 100] (#msdiv100) {#msdiv100 .ref .msdiv} "Never went to the helm
I have no air in a place, or any kind, and unshaking nature
Promot the Manitheme. Will this fact be known so?”

[Msdiv 101] (#msdiv101) {#msdiv101 .ref .msdiv} "He who goes to the Asst
No routing. If one says that he is thus, then all of the nasks
Nasanaladahi, all the debacles of the mass doctrines, and the “Nasanaladahi”
Blew.

Subsevamanawaputhu.

## 7. Nanda Human Question

[Msdiv 102] (#msdiv102) {#msdiv102 .ref .msdiv} "Msdiv
Munihu Athtahai Saw. Our Munihu, because they are born in prayer
“Hello and how to read because the images are of the organism”
heard.

[Msdiv 103] (#msdiv103) {#msdiv103 .ref .msdiv} "Nandya, in view
It is not said that the adept of this locality, to hear and to feel. Layout
If the Sena, and without ragaah, and behave without desire, they shall be called upon
Say.”

[Msdiv 104] (#msdiv104) {#msdiv104 .ref .msdiv} "Some of these brahmins
There is a girl, what they saw, and what they heard, and the holy saw. Sealant,
In action, the holy saws. No one has a good saws. Individuals
And they, O man, who behave so, and the Genesis,
I critique it as well as Jharawaha, and I do it. The Trusts Met Emmy”
Hello heard Nanda Thema.

[Msdiv 105] (#msdiv105) {#msdiv105 .ref .msdiv} "A Mode Brahmina
Someone's Adda, BTIThey saw and saw, and beheld, and the holy saws. Kandy,
(ii) A holy saw. (ii) no man saws holy. There
They behave yamely, but the Nandah, the Genesis, the Jars, the Cross
I say not,” said the spheres.

[Msdiv 106] (#msdiv106) {#msdiv106 .ref .msdiv} (herein 4 (ii) applied
Must.)

“And they have not crossed the four heitheums. Then, O Niduduka,
Whoever crossed the nation of this world of man, and the jars. Trusts,
I critique you. This is what is done”, Hello Nandathema critiqued.

[Msdiv 107] (#msdiv107) {#msdiv107 .ref .msdiv}
“Nandai, I have embraced all the heavenly Brahmins in the nation's genres
I will not say. All saw, heard, odor, taste among a man in this world
Do not touch or seal or leave all and breathe knowing of craving
It is said that these men were so that they were four at the same time.”

[Msdiv 108] (#msdiv108) {#msdiv108 .ref .msdiv} "Gauvus Free
Wakawaka Wadaranawa. I am pleased with this disgrace of Maharshen. Any of this world
Insights, hears, touches or tastes odorless
Leave everything and get rid of miracles knowing cravings, except the images of the Bath
I will say that I have done that oval.”

Nandamanawaputhu Satyama.

## 8. Hemaka Humanist Question

[Msdiv 109] (#msdiv109) {#msdiv109 .ref .msdiv} "Bawari, etc.
Thus shall I say any prior sentence before the Goumma.
So here, it is all that goes by reasoning.

[Msdiv 110] (#msdiv110) {#msdiv110 .ref .msdiv} "I was not happy there. Something
Know The Kindergarten WorldShould the craving be discarded, the doctrine of the craving
Munithemay Wadaranu,” Hello said.

[Msdiv 111] (#msdiv111) {#msdiv111 .ref .msdiv} "Hemmer, in this world
The desire for the purpose is to go to Nirvana, which is not chew.

[Msdiv 112] (#msdiv112) {#msdiv112 .ref .msdiv} "Someone in remembrance Know This
The cravings of the world in the world as well as in the world.
Dirty.”

Hemakamanawaputhu atthama.

## 9. Wholesale Humanist Question

[Msdiv 113] (#msdiv113) {#msdiv113 .ref .msdiv} "Cal over Someone
If not, whether one had cravings, or whoever had doubts, (ii) what he had like
Hello he asked the wholesale third.

[Msdiv 114] (#msdiv114) {#msdiv114 .ref .msdiv}
“Stock, (1 (i) shall be used here.) He has no other redemption.”

[Msdiv 115] (#msdiv115) {#msdiv115 .ref .msdiv} "Lower Desire
May I think in prayer, but discreet, and I am the chief.
Do he know, O Almighty, he prophesy unto me.”

[Msdiv 116] (#msdiv116) {#msdiv116 .ref .msdiv} "Desire
Not expected. Discreet thinks in prayer. Stock, Muniktor
So it is known that Munehu, who will not be in the room without ragadas.”

Stodeyamanawaputhu.

## 10. Tapper Maunawaka Question

[Msdiv 117] (#msdiv117) {#msdiv117 .ref .msdiv} "Sasarea
Send a place for those affected by death, Jharawen in the days of a dangerous rains
That is why thou hast put me any place. Not in the other way”
Hello said the extortion.

[Msdiv 118] (#msdiv118) {#msdiv118 .ref .msdiv}”In the middle of the lake called Cuppa, Sasara
There was a great fearful flood of the people who were jaunted and deathed
I will say, “I will make a capper for the buck,” he said.

[Msdiv 119] (#msdiv119) {#msdiv119 .ref .msdiv} "Nothing in raggable,
I say that this knife, which is not taking, is the decay nirvana of shit and death.

[Msdiv 120] (#msdiv120) {#msdiv120 .ref .msdiv} "Some creature in remembrance
Knowing this, the twinahu of this spirit did not go into the domain of the marah. They are the leave-off
There are no scholarship.”

Ranpamanawaputhu Dasama.

## 11. Jathukanananamanamanaikana Questions

[Msdiv 121] (#msdiv121) {#msdiv121 .ref .msdiv} I am the Buddha
The unwilling wills to the rooms, knowing that they are not willing to the reviewers
Arrivate. Thanthani all eyes, and shanthi verse. As true
This is what he said in his faith.

[Msdiv 122] (#msdiv122) {#msdiv122 .ref .msdiv} "The Trusts
The sun with the sages is as submerged as the earth in glory. Great Pledge True
This is the doctrine that I am born and lose shit, which has been a little discreet.
Know, and do so.”

[Msdiv 123] (#msdiv123) {#msdiv123 .ref .msdiv} Giveaway Nivan
Reverse and chastity, and what should not be taken, and what is not to be taken,
Do not. Let there be nothing in the Ragahara. Desire in the rooms is impoverished.

[Msdiv 124] (#msdiv124) {#msdiv124 .ref .msdiv} previous edited
Cleanly from the saliva. Let there be no rash in front of the shipment.
Do not take it in the present day, and behave shanly.”

[Msdiv 125] (#msdiv125) {#msdiv125 .ref .msdiv} "Bamuna, Yamulak to the domain of Maraya
And also, the omnivorous namesakeDo not breathe to him who desire
Goes,” he said.

Jathukanimanawaputhu Ekadasama.

## 12. Questions on Bhadharuthu

[Msdiv 126] (#msdiv126) {#msdiv126 .ref .msdiv} "Cravings that give up dating
Desisting, unshaken, traverse, craving from the ends
I critique who is the prayerful who will give up the sillings. From the Congregants
Most of the people who have heard are here.

[Msdiv 127] (#msdiv127) {#msdiv127 .ref .msdiv} "Heroes, Ye
Words willingly gathered no men from the colonies. Thou
Promot them, and promulate this doctrine, when they have so determined”
Bhadraudea Thime quicted.

[Msdiv 128] (#msdiv128) {#msdiv128 .ref .msdiv}
“Himself all the covetousness that shall keep the Bhadhardha. The animal itself is up, under,
The man pursued with him, whether something in the middle, and in the world would take something.

[Msdiv 129] (#msdiv129) {#msdiv129 .ref .msdiv} "So know
Remembrance takes nothing in all the world. It is the animal from which this community is taken
Yahana will join the school.”

Bhadraudhamanawaputhana Dawasama.

## 13. Uphamanist's Questions

[Msdiv 130] (#msdiv130) {#msdiv130 .ref .msdiv} "Medium Kelles Rajas
Dirukadahun, who had machining work, breathless, went into all doctrines,
We came from the idea of quizzing Buddha. Inscience emulsification Secrets
Let's say the redemption from the ends,” Hello, asked the humane.

[Msdiv 131] (#msdiv131) {#msdiv131 .ref .msdiv} "Dawn, Roomsigns, Domnos
The two dispel, the dismantling, the repentance dismantling

[Msdiv 132] (#msdiv132) {#msdiv132 .ref .msdiv} Inquisition, JuiceRuti, Two
Anavavamodea doctrine of purification, Erhath Vimokaduwa
It is said (secret).”

[Msdiv 133] (#msdiv133) {#msdiv133 .ref .msdiv} "What is the binding of the locator,
What behavior is, what is Nirvana said by incendiary?”

[Msdiv 134] (#msdiv134) {#msdiv134 .ref .msdiv} "The craving of Nandi is teased
Obligation. The dissent test is said to be nirvana by dispelling the cravings.”

[Msdiv 135] (#msdiv135) {#msdiv135 .ref .msdiv} How to behave in remembrance
Was there be no consciousness, and the men came to the critics of you
Asks the saying.

[Msdiv 136] (#msdiv136) {#msdiv136 .ref .msdiv} "Pain outside the inside
The unbearable remembrance will lose consciousness,” said the Buddha.

Udiamanawaputhurasa.

## 14. Posala Manawaka Questions

[Msdiv 137] (#msdiv137) {#msdiv137 .ref .msdiv} "Whoever is not the third craving
Is there any skepticism that tells someone's past? went into the parapest of all doctrines.
I came to question thee.

[Msdiv 138] (#msdiv138) {#msdiv138 .ref .msdiv} "Exceeding Image Signs
All images are found in the bodyfront, including, outside, none
I critique such prayer for the sake of men. Wise Wesuka in Matthawa, Whom”
Hello Posala Theme critiqued.

[Msdiv 139] (#msdiv139) {#msdiv139 .ref .msdiv} The “Posalah,
This is what is known in the place where all consciousness is formed
The person sees.

[Msdiv 140] (#msdiv140) {#msdiv140 .ref .msdiv} "Creation
Karma, also imperceptibly desire, symbony thus manifests itself. Work
This prayer is for that Brahman who is finished.”

PosalamanawapuAnta Chudzama.

## 15. Mongarage Formula

[Msdiv 141] (#msdiv141) {#msdiv141 .ref .msdiv} "I have critiqued two times.
I shall prophesy my hearing of the laundering throne of the third season”
Hello said Moharajathi.

[Msdiv 142] (#msdiv142) {#msdiv142 .ref .msdiv} "Melovea, Paralokoda, God
Optics of the Gowadays who have reputations in this place, whether Brahmalokaya
Don't know.

[Msdiv 143] (#msdiv143) {#msdiv143 .ref .msdiv} "What is so great
I took the benefit of asking questions to the Buddha. How to see
Do not know what?” (Mongaraja asked the third.)

[Msdiv 144] (#msdiv144) {#msdiv144 .ref .msdiv} "Mongdiv, in remembrance of Mongarajaya
It is only that the world, behold, crossed the spirit view, was that the marrige was dismantled
will be. Thus shall the world see no leaveth.”

Moharajamanawaputhara Pannarasama.

## 16. Filling Formula

[Msdiv 145] (#msdiv145) {#msdiv145 .ref .msdiv} "Weakened, Weakened
Someone who is old. The less the eye lungs, the more difficult the weeping. While I am a dream
Nonasimwa, am I here to know the birth and the impoverishing of Jara? Such a doctrine
Deplesias' said the same pingiyatha.

[Msdiv 146] (#msdiv146) {#msdiv146 .ref .msdiv} "FROM, Image
The images seen by the sufferests are due to the people. Flow, Hence
In order not to repeat the quantity, the image will be discardled”
Blew.

[Msdiv 147] (#msdiv147) {#msdiv147 .ref .msdiv} "Four
You do not see the direction of the direction, on top, underneath. Unheard, touch
There is nothing undone. Also, there is nothing unknown in the locality. Rathi, Jharawah
I know some doctrine to be impoverished, and that doctrine is deplorable. PingaEye-same
said.

[Msdiv 148] (#msdiv148) {#msdiv148 .ref .msdiv} "The gallant, craving
People see that the community of shantha is harraven, so they can not be done.
The cravings are impoverished to be reborn.”

Pirgiamanawaputhana.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SutteCentral by [Penny Jordan] {.editor}.