- Khuddka denomination
- Chula Sleepings
- Paradise type

#3. Parayanathththuthiganza

“So that the prophets have dweled and dwelt the work of the country in the rock.
Question asked by sixteen Brahmins who were invited
Solved. Knowing the meaning of one question, knowing doctrine and practicing in doctrine
If the races, Jara, go to the end of the death. This Dharma (person) is sent to it
Because this Dhamma has another name, “pharayana”.

[Msdiv 149] (#msdiv149) {#msdiv149 .ref .msdiv} Iji, Tissa's post,
The pulmonary is also metagaya, arteriary, subcutter, nandaya, and also hemorrhoids,

[Msdiv 150] (#msdiv150) {#msdiv150 .ref .msdiv} Both of the stock captors
Discreet Jathukansa, Bidraudya, Udaya, Posala Brahman, Prophet
Mongarajaya, Pingthu Mahayashiwaraya

[Msdiv 151] (#msdiv151) {#msdiv151 .ref .msdiv}
Question to Buddha Practices who have been embodiments
Arrivaled for criticism.

[Msdiv 152] (#msdiv152) {#msdiv152 .ref .msdiv} A Question
Reviews also solved them the Buddha. When solving the problems of the munitive
Brahminths saintosha.

[Msdiv 153] (#msdiv153) {#msdiv153 .ref .msdiv} Pleasure They Have Passas
Bambasara turned to the noble discreet Buddha, which was the sun.

[Msdiv 154] (#msdiv154) {#msdiv154 .ref .msdiv} by Yamse Buddha
Does anyone refrain, even in one question, and he is here
Goes.

[Msdiv 155] (#msdiv155) {#msdiv155 .ref .msdiv} "The Noble Way Wins
This road will go to it, Parayayana says, as it is used for the parathura journey.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SutteCentral by [Penny Jordan] {.editor}.