- Khuddka denomination
- Chula Sleepings
- Parayanawaganadzno

#6. Tissa's Diagnostic Formulas

[Msdiv 9] (#msdiv9) {#msdiv9 .ref .msdiv} (2-1)

[APZ 9.1] (#apz9 .1) {#apz9 .1 .ref .apz} "Who is happy in this locker” is
It turned out that the Santhushthu was preferable to have full views.” Whoever
Was it Santosha in Lokura? Thus said thou, “Hello, thou shalt not do so.” Going
'These' is (ii) the vowel joint and the verses matching. Filling verses Fonts
equalization. Situation of verses. This is the order of verses.

[APZ 9.2] (#apz9 .2) {#apz9 .2 .ref .apz} "Hello” is the favorite word. Hon.
Word. Honor is a word to be considered. Hello is this. 'Tissa' is Tissa
The name of Brahman is the imposition. The essence is the Nirukthi verse. Armantry.
This is the victim of that Brahman. The imposition is the law.

[APZ 9.3] (#apz9 .3) {#apz9 .3.ref .apz} "Who has no shock?” Cravings,
This is the shock, the vision shock, the dimensional shock, the clesy shock, the karma shock
Whoever does not receive, and not academic, or not, first of all
Is it possible to be born, and to constipation, and to burn with a fire called wisdom
Ready. “Whoever knows the two extremes”
Requiration Does one know the danger and does not go in the center know in the center
The unrestricted heart of Sara Dumuyah, who is not ungevedda
makes. Ready.

[Msdiv 10] (#msdiv10) {#msdiv10 .ref .msdiv} [Msdiv 11] (#msdiv11) {#msdiv11
.ref .msdiv}

[APZ 11.4] (#apz11 .4) {#apz11 .4 .ref .apz} "Will I say to whoever is the great man”
is the aperty male, the main male is the main male
PuIt shall be said that the Rushaya is the high man. I will indicate it. It is
I will do the business.

[APZ 11.5] (#apz11 .5) {#apz11 .5 .ref .apz} "Hello Shariputra Stationers
He said this unto the congregations. 'Lord, the great man is the great man
says, 'How much does the Lord say is the great man?” Ready.
Shariputra, I say the great man, because I have marrow hearts. Free Hearts
I will not say the great man as there is. Shariputra, How to Mold Hearts
Is there? Shariputra, living here according to the sew study.
Keeling is the hardness of the world in remembrance
And Doomnasa disciplined, and looking according to it, (ii) his heart that dwelt
The inhalations separate without tiring. (iii) Depending on the pains of pain
By looking at (ii) the doctrine of the doctrine by looking at the heart of the mind.
According to (ii) the Shariputra applied here, thus the marble of the marrow.
There will be. Sariputra, I say the great man, because the marrow has hearts.
I will not say great, because there are free minds.

[APZ 11.6] (#apz11 .6) {#apz11 .6 .ref .apz} "Heath exceeded the craving here.
The despation tells the craving. Lust, powerful love, intense lobby, lobby,
The root of the acus is the root. If someone has this descent craving is plucked first
Dumping, Shantha and Contraindications, how to be born, and the fire of wisdom
And the craving was exceeded, which was called descent. Especially dissipated
Therefore, the cravings have been exceeded here.
Him.

[APZ 11.7] (#apz11 .7) {#apz11 .7 .ref .apz} with A Brahman at the end of the stanza
If someone is a man with themOne Comments One Divide One Trutho One Comments
The one was the clothes of the same. Kelles without kings for thousands of people
The eye of the dhamma without bites was loathed. A Brahman does not take inhalations firmly
From the heart is marched. (1-8) 6 (ii) shall be applied at the same time as the receipt of the Rahat

Tissametthethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethethe

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SutteCentral by [Penny Jordan] {.editor}.