- Khuddka denomination
- Chula Sleepings
- Parayanawaganadzno

# 8. Metthagu Humanistic Formula

[Msdiv 18] (#msdiv18) {#msdiv18 .ref .msdiv} (4-1)

[APZ 18.1] (#apz18 .1) {#apz18 .1 .ref .apz} "This is a critique, the Trusts
Manipulate the preaching. Three Questions (3-1) 10, 11, 12, 13, 14,
15 minutes should be applied. “Bhuta” is a word of honor. (Great Sleeper (7-2) 1
Should be used from where they go. In 1731) You are God
I know, and know, whether there is a soulfulness. You know the pain.
I know that the soulfulness is there. I'm figuring out. Wanted Spirit, Wada
The four roads tell the relatives that the DANKEYKAY is the Promise,
(4-5) 3 (ii) shall be applied in Pangdiya, Power, Land (1)
Dhammakurwa Sambojdawawa, Wimangasawa, Vipassanawa is a standard outlook.
The spheres shall grow the nation from them to the end of the death.
Grow to the end, grow to the extremity, more to safety, come,
Grow into Nirvah, complainant, grow to be redeemed, grow to ferment,
Complaint, get home, complain, go to the extreme of pain
Namme. If Vedagu goes from pain or extremities.

[APZ 18.2] (#apz18 .2) {#apz18 .2 .ref .apz} How to Wreath
There is a spirit, and the spouses have the worded. There is a cold in the stain.
And Jara hath died. The heart of the veins is formed. And the signal is made. Wreathed
The formation of mindfulness occurs. There is a wreathed award. Waved Negative
Occurs. There is an invertebral. Warely forced. And there are worded bodgings.
There is a road in which there is a road. Has the favorite saliva. Receiving is permanentIFSH.
Has the denoted nichor. He was known to conquer sorrows.
Cravings were prized. Road Wadanala. Nirritation was prodused.
Knagathutha Knannala. Whoever knows the bitterness.
The thing to do was intuitions. Vedyyyuttha was wrested. Retirees
Kalutha was redirected. The larger the depth. There is no amount of sadness
Tooth. Most of the rathnasal bowl, with a pecking mind. EYE SEE IMAGE
Happy is not there. Not happy. Good discreet in moderately remembrance
Stay there. Hear the sound of the eatery, knowing the smell of the nose, and the taste of the tongue
Knowing the doctrine of the heart by touch is not happiness. Happiness is not
Stay in moderately remembrance. The eye saw the figure and is unleashed in the figure that fancied.
Not disgusting. Lust is nouveau. He was at the time where he was. The heart
Citiparyama. Seeing the image with the eye will not have a grudge cracked face.
The turbulence is not disturbed. The education was well set up. heard the sound of the craner
Knowing the smell of the nose, touching the tongue, and knowing the doctrine of the heart
The birth does not go away. Not disgusting. Lust is nouveau. His body
Sitemaradama Education is in fine position. Know the doctrine of Sithinda
Resentment does not cause a contraction of the face. The turbulence is not disturbed. Education
Finely formed. Seeing the image with the eye (ii) the allusion is not in the work. Message
Yuta is not corrupt. Do not irritate the rash. Kilutiyaya
(iii) The sound of the eatings should be heard (ii) by heart
Knowing the doctrine (here (ii) should be applied) and what has been seen, there are no motions that have been heard
There are the motions heard in the thing that touched meTri Know
Unleash in what was seen in the thing. Not that of what was heard. Taken in three indices
Unleash in the thing. Unleash in what is known. Leave not taken as a straight one.
Unbound detached inhabits the unrestricted mind. Touched in what was heard
What is known in the thing is not taken as the right (here (ii))
Unrestricted heart mucus. The spouses see the image with the eye. Individuals
He has no vote about the image. The heart is well and marched. Individuals
He has an ear. The crafters hear the sounds and do not take them as a vote.
The marrow heart is segmented. Puppies have a nose. Trusts
Knows the smell from the nose. Voters do not have a vote there. fine-minded
In the yard. The spheters have a tongue, endure the taste of the divine. Its Voting Lust
No. The well-groomed heart is in the yard. Graduates to Science and Graduates
Him Kayon experiences touch. He has no voting lust on touch.
He is well redeemed. Mind Science for the Graduate
He knows the doctrine with the mind. There is no vote on it, the eye is in the image
In the canal, the figure is known. The eye of the spheters was cast. encryption,
The deceived, the symbony, preaches the doctrine to be the sympathetics of that eye. The ear is alerted in the sound,
The nose is alerted in odor. The tongue is glucked in taste, and the taste is unto the lovers
Pumnaha, deceived. Corporate Doctrine defies to conform on that tongue. Inter
Alloy at the touch. The mind is in the doctrine. The Trusts put that mind
The doctrine defies the conscience of the mind, which was the deception of the protection.

[APZ 18.3] (#apz18 .3) {#apz18 .3.ref .apz} "Putanahu hears the congregation.
The king of the castWhoever disposes of other evil words, among men
Dumanahu is voracal.”

[APZ 18.4] (#apz18 .4) {#apz18 .4 .ref .apz} "I have cast the cherries. Angenital
And the horses are great. Kunajaranum is the most great. More than it
It is great to control oneself. If this is the case, it is not possible to go to the extinguisher.
He who hinges himself in a while becomes Hikmunahu. Arrived to Hikmuna Ground
Even if the mardunasith does not return to the jewels.

[APZ 18.5] (#apz18 .5) {#apz18 .5 .ref .apz} "Is someone psychic
Except the exteriorist and all the world's genres.
(Puranivan Time) is awaited.” This is what is put. The Trusts
He knows that the souls that have been worded are nature. “How sad
How to “cause”? is a consort pulmonary, melancha pullary,
Is it not so that the other people are not so? What? How? Where to suffer
(1-4) 3 should be used from where the sorrow is the nation's sorrow.)
It seems that the emergence of a certain Dharman. The condensate appears as going to the abdomen. Karma
And the image of the image joined by the reward and the name of the karma and the image of the union
The name went according to the nation by the death of the Jharawan's business.
Wage was located in Dookeh. There is no protection. There is no location. This
Saws of grievance, where did this suffer occur? Where did it happen? Kohin
Was down? What's sleeping? What is nationalized? What's Propeller
The root of these woes is critique. The reason is variable. Reconcision is critique. Origin
Critique. The news is critic. The presence is critic. The diet is critic. Start
Critique. The area is critic. The consortium asks, asks.

[APZ 18.6] (#apz18.6) {#apz18 .6 .ref .apz} "One of the other images in the locator”
“A thing” is the omnivorous of all things
The remnants of the besieged go words. 'Lokaha' is a Hell Locking
In human locality, the relics of the mass of the divine locker in the entities of the locker
Ready. 'No-noth' is the suffering of a nother-in-a-sedative locker
Ready. So thus said Brahman.

[Msdiv 19] (#msdiv19) {#msdiv19 .ref .msdiv} (4-2)

[APZ 19.1] (#apz19 .1) {#apz19 .1 .ref .apz} "The Conn Grievance
Reviews,” refers to the death of the griever's business grievance
The grievance of the grievance, the caricature, the doomness of the grievance
The result is critiqued,

[APZ 19.2] (#apz19 .2) {#apz19 .2 .ref .apz} "The Trusts are Metagu
The Brahman eminates him in the name. Bhagawath is the Word of Honor. (Great
(7-2) 1 should be used from where they go.) This
Bhagawatha. Do you know that the prophets are Metthagu, and it is unto you
Publishing. “It” is to say the root of the grievance. Hou say, and say redeeming,
say origin, say the origin, say the food, say the start, the principle
Say, the presence will say, I will devot, I will put, open
I will do, I will promulate. “Should you know what to know
Whether to be abusive, this is not the case. This was not known in the news. Parts
Not taking as. Not by logic. Forms taken from the contrivance
Not. The view is not transparent. For himself who has been figuring out the thing on his own
The doctrine is the doctrine.

[APZ 19.3] (#apz19 .3) {#apz19 .3.ref .apz} "Ever due to subfetition,”
SubfeederDecade. Tershna Upadhi, Karma Subdhi, Vulcers
Subdhi, Food Dhib, Four Spiritual Relics Fuddy, Spiritual Institutions Fuddy,
The cathedral caused by unconscious consciousness, all sadness is endowed with grief,
This is the help of the saws' suffering 'is a national, a jaaraduah, an incarnation, a death, a Zoka
Physiological sadness, Domnasa, intense appeal sadness, visual sadness
The emergence of any doctrines in the form of the lungs, and the prophecy as the incarnation
The lungs, karma and a myriad reward, and this grieving saw. This grieving subpoena
(Kelles) Sleep and redeeming. Subdhi (Kelles) are also true. Subfixes
Reasonance is true. In the case of subferens. Occurs, Lower
WEth. Sight sufferers fall asleep and down.

[APZ 19.4] (#apz19 .4) {#apz19 .4 .ref .apz} "Ofter images”
What is something is the rest of all the Omnidirectional
A word that surround without. 'This is anything'. Tocking is the Hell Locking,
The mass of the divine locus in human locus is in the locus, in the relic.
“Noyak Figures” is the name of a sailor. Therefore, the loaders
Was cast by God.

[Msdiv 20] (#msdiv20) {#msdiv20 .ref .msdiv} (4-3)

[APZ 20.1] (#apz20 .1) {#apz20 .1 .ref .apz} "Thirty, One Who Is Not Knowing
Gathering” means “Yamambano” which has some kind of purpose
Any constipated man or brahman who came to him or
A Doctor or a Holy Spirit, or a Household, or a Prophet, or a God, or
A man or a man. “By not knowing” is the one who does not know the foolish one, the vice
Gatherer is a craving accumulator. Collects optics. CleanerSubfixes
Collects. Karma accumulates suppositos. Collects visocious admonies. Food Sodules
Collects. Collects redeemable admonies. The four tactic relics collect subtitles.
Spiritual Institutions collect subtitles. Conscious Conscious Indications
Collects. Birth. “The senseless person comes back to grief again, 'is repeated
Kaikaduka, Domnus, for death of a nation to a Jharadoo,
Strong blows come into the foul. causes, generates, causes paralyzes. Orphanthi senseless
The person collects the admin. The “senseless one” is the foolish one
He who is disgraced.

[APZ 20.2] (#apz20 .2) {#apz20 .2 .ref .apz} "So by the knower
Should not be accrued.” So it is from the fact that it is from the same matter, that
By the way it is considered this one from sleep. All who know
The editors are other and the person who is discouraging all
Editors are grieving, figuring out the one who will know that all the dharms are incarnated
There is a doctrine of birth for any reason to reproach it
The person who learns to maintain is the one who is figuring out.

[APZ 20.3] (#apz20 .3) {#apz20 .3.ref .apz} "do not collect subtitles” is a craving
Do not make subtleic. Optics do not do. Kelles do not make a birth. visuous
Do not make subtleic. Do not adhere to food, do not adhere to the tabs. Four Apa
The relics do not disrupt. Spiritual Institutions do not conjute Spiritual Institutions
Conscious bodiment does not disinfect. Do not cause.

[APZ 20.4] (#apz20 .4) {#apz20 .4 .ref .apz} "The grievance is the nationalist
The grievance of the Jharadicist, the death of the grievance, the Zoks, the hugs, the grievance of the womaness
Stronger appeal is the grievance.

[APZ 20.5] (#apz20.5) {#apz20 .5 .ref .apz} "Indicates the occurrence” is the root of the grievance
Indicates, the origin of the origin, is indicated by the presence, the food
According to the start, the reference is given by the reference, the reference is given by the reference
Ready. Subpasanawa (seeing according to) is a certain sign (in the Great Niddah
(2-8) To be used from the end of the 10th to the end of the 14
Must.) Amoha, Dhamma Exhibit, Samamatsha
Whether the sorrows are known, and according to the same, the nation's propellant
Sayanayayaya also says. So the congregations said:

[Msdiv 21] (#msdiv21) {#msdiv21 .ref .msdiv} (4-4)

[APZ 21.1] (#apz21 .1) {#apz21 .1 .ref .apz} "Something We Reviews It To Us
Reviews and ask for something that is said to be said. “Testimonial to us
” was said, devoted, worded, placed, opened,
Proitions were made. “I critique the other thing. It will also be said.” is the other
I critique something. It is also now said that manuwu, will be brought down
Manuals, Manuals, Open Manuals, Manuals and Manuals.

[APZ 21.2] (#apz21 .2) {#apz21 .2 .ref .apz} "How to condolence
Question, queries, if asked, how is the “Dedewa Ogayya?”
The question, the question of twelhakana, was thus, and what was this,
It is the same. “Discreet” is Pandits, Produsers, Intelligences,
Consciousness is true. 'Ojay' refers to Carmogary, Bavodiya, Ditthogy, Avijhoy.
(ii) “race” means a drop in the presence of animals that 'jara' is
It is what it is that a certain jammer of the creatures seems to be dipping. 'Zhoca' is from the cousin or
Touching LaddhauFrom the Blogs or Touching Laddahu's Constraint
Or touch Laddahu's Seal Constraint or touch Laddahu's Optics
The other touches of the business or the touch of the laddhau
A coil inside a coil, a coil inside a coil, a chainage inside
Eindle, a pronounced burning of the heart, a hulak spindle, a hulak spindle,
That's what. If the person is from the cousin or the touch of the Laddahu's business
or touch Laddahu's business or touch Laddhau's Shields
Other Conventions of Constraint or Touch Laddahu
It is what a weeping is a hug, a lament.

[APZ 21.3] (#apz21 .3) {#apz21 .3 .ref .apz} "How are the discreet
It is also stated that the nation's Jara will be more than the mourning.
Karanu Manuwi, “It” is something critique, ask for something or something goes away
Ready. “Muni” tells the wisdom what it is. Any signal (in the Great Niddah
(2-8) Any signal should be used from 10 to 14.)
If the Dhamma Viedara, the name of the Epothecary, then the Conscious Consciousness
What was called Muni? “Moneya”
What is Bodybody, Wachi what is, what is he. What is the body?
(2-8) (ii) (12) (13) shall be used) and shall be promulted
Manuwana manuwi, worm. Constant. Opening Points
Manualy. Divide Measure. Measure the pros. It bristled me
Manurements of caranu. This doctrine is thus the doctrine which you have adhered to.
So is the doctrine that you have known by God. Therefore, Brahma“
.

[Msdiv 22] (#msdiv22) {#msdiv22 .ref .msdiv} (4-5)

[APZ 22.1] (#apz22 .1) {#apz22 .1 .ref .apz} "I will devote doctrine to”
The beginning of this is the middle good and the late good defined communities.
Four Sitematores Brahmecharia Four Sitematores
Four Negative Pneyachendiyans Penshaha Powers Sapthabocentrayangayan Aryan
I will tell the octagonal road Nirvana Gamini Reaction, Nirvana.
I will make a devotion. I will divide. I will do the same.

[APZ 22.2] (#apz22 .2) {#apz22 .2 .ref .apz} "The Trusts' Metthagu
This is not said in the news, I will decipherate the doctrine of the mankind.
Dharma” is the one who decided in the doctrine which was known in the doctrine of the saw
(ii) All the editors of the doctrine prophesy of the doctrine are unreal all
The editors grieve all doctrines. A Reasonated
Dharma Adda, the Dharma which saw it all for reproach.
The doctrine is the same. In the doctrine which was seen in this way, “Know from the news
Not so heard or taken in part or in parts or reasoning
As or in forms, or by penetration of view or not
I will give to him the doctrine which was prophesy unto him, which was sought after.

[APZ 22.3] (#apz22 .3) {#apz22 .3.ref .apz} "Something that goes noble
All editors are aware of something and decided to know
All editors grieve when deciding to feel the imperative
All Dharmacies have decided to feel infested and have any reasons
A doctrine born in a stature is maintained to refine it allgoes
The facts are remembrance of the facts that have been made and made by the decision.
Remembrance in four,

[APZ 22.4] (#apz22 .4) {#apz22 .4 .ref .apz} remembrance of views by the
(1-8) 4 (ii) should be applied) It is in remembrance.
Behavior is the one who conducts postures, controls and is dependent.

[APZ 22.5] (#apz22 .5) {#apz22 .5 .ref .apz} "Knowing something is behaving in mind
If the disillusions of the locker cross the cravings
Cravings are applied to a certain lust (in the Great Niddy (1-3) 4
Must.) Waistness infiltrates the name. Disperunuai Wizathika
NAMI. The name of spreadenue wythakha. Heterogeneous is the name of Wathika. Discoagulants
The name of Wisathika. Heterogeneous because of the name of the wickedness. Intoxication because of poisonous fruits
NAMI. Intoxication is caused by poisoning. Subjects are incarnated by the name of disenchantes.
The taste of the odor of the sound of the figure in the figure is the number of the genus of the contact
Ambulance of Senasa, in China, in the Provinence of Cheapness
In the form or in the anal current of the medicine, or in the form of the epileptic, or in the form of the impurity of the medicine
Signals of the Bevara Nevaskara Bavara
Chathuwakara Bawawawawatha's future of the past
What is touched in what is heard in the doctrines that should be known in what is heard.
The name of scattering Wizathika.

[APZ 22.6] (#apz22 .6) {#apz22 .6 .ref .apz} "Location” is in Hell Location
Entities of the relic of the mass of the divine locus in the human sphere
Ready. “If the wenth of Loku, the cravings shall cross, the Loka is that
The wickedness will cross the locker, or that disunity, or in remembrance. EnNinth,
Ready.

[Msdiv 23] (#msdiv23) {#msdiv23 .ref .msdiv} (4-6)

[APZ 23.1] (#apz23 .1) {#apz23 .1 .ref .apz} "I am happy with it”
What is the pleasure of your word. I am Animoden. I would like. Ready.
What is the 'Maharshi' because of what is the 'Maharshi'? Mathew Shields
A crowd searched, gouted, researched. Therefore, the name of Maharshi. Gentlemen
A mass of samadhi emancipation mass, a mass of emancipation, a magnadhi emancipation
A mass searched, explored, researched, hence the name Maharshi. Gentlemen
The blind crowd searched for dismantling. Explore. researched. Therefore
Maharshi name. The gentleman sought the break of the change (change). Research
did. Therefore, the name of Maharshi. The gentleman sought the snatching of the crazha tub, and prow
Done, researched, hence the name of Maharshi. Liaination of the Mathew Views Meeting
searched. Gaveshed. researched, hence the name Maharshi. Gentleman Dimensional Flag
The lowering was searched. Gown, researched. Therefore, the name of Maharshi.
The gentleman searched for the presence of you. Gown. researched. Therefore, Maharshi
NAMI. Laying of the Mathu Trustee, Trimming of the Mathu Sanasara Profession
Stay extinguishing the inflammation of the Mathu Dharmadhakuranjaya hoisting
Mahatyu Yaddhi Petha of the Chief of Satipattuaya
The Indies are the Majesty Powers, the Boons, the Aryan Octane
The objective of the road was the gentleman sought, researched Nirvana. searched.
Therefore, Maharshi name. Where is the Buddhism? Where are the congregates? Devathi
Where is God? What are the worsens, the creatures that they are.
Seeked by. ExploratedResearch is done, therefore
Maharshi name. Maharshi doctrine is the greatest saws. All those editors are compelled
The perished Nirvana is high, where all the infests are stored, and the cravings are discarded
Ash, the chief, is the noble doctrine, the name of Mahezee.

[APZ 23.2] (#apz23 .2) {#apz23 .2 .ref .apz} "Know Is Behaving Remembrance”
All editors know that the decision is unequivocal
All editors grieve when making a decision and all doctrines know skin
There is a doctrine for some reasons and all that
Knowing how to maintain the realities, it is decided to keep the facts.
Remembrance in four. Mindfulness is remembered by her mind
NAMI. It is unconscious that the mind looks according to the mind. Depending on the pains of pain
Mindfulness is unconscious. Remembrance of mindfulness which looks according to the doctrine of the doctrine
(1-8) 4 (ii) should be applied.) It is remembrance.
Behave is what behaves on which the dwelling is conducting postures.
Knowing something and behaving in mind determines the cravings of the world
Willness tells the craving. Any lust is a sticking center
It is the root of a lobby.

[APZ 23.3] (#apz23 .3) {#apz23 .3.ref .apz} "In what sense is disunity
If Wishathika, (Should be applied in the Great Niddeesah (10-12) 3.) The world is
Hell shall be applied in the world (1-1) 1 (i) shall cross the wastness of the world
is that traverse the wastness of the world. Exceeder. Hence it
Brahmana himself said:

[Msdiv 24] (#msdiv24) {#msdiv24 .ref .msdiv} (4-7)

[APZ 24.1] (#apz24 .1) {#apz24 .1 .ref .apz} "Some KissFiguring out how to know
It will also be. “Metthagu” is the one of the spheters in the name of Brahman
Armonts. “Bright” is the Word of Honor. (Great Niddeesa (7-2) 4
Should be applied.) The prophecy is also the prophecy. This is Bhagagaha.
The gardeners are of 'Metagh', of the man, of the hath, under, and the middle of the middle.
tells the future. Underneath tells the past. Sarasa and middle tell the present.
Udde is the divine world underneath is bad. The middle of the world of man is the top
Kushal Dharmaoi. Underneath is Akushala Dharmaoi. Sarasa and middle are the arousal doctrine.
The top is the unimaginable relic underneath is the kama relic. The middle and middle are the image relics. Upper is
Pleasures are pain. Underneath is suffering pain. Sarasa and middle are abysmal pain.
The top is the overhead of the underworld. The underneath is under the head. This is read and enacted
placed. 'Nandi 'tells the craving. Any lust is glued to the lust,
It is a central lotus that has an Akusshal root. The 'home' is two home.
The home of the cravings is also the home of view. (Niddezah (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii)
The home should be changed to 'change' motherhood '.)

[APZ 24.2] (#apz24 .2) {#apz24 .2 .ref .apz} "Consciousness is impoverished” is a Funny
Editorical Consciousness, Inspicuous Editorical Consciousness, Annejabi
Editorized Conscious, the Nandiya, the home and the Conscious
Conscious also leads to the complete demise of the impossibility of constipation. “Jewelery
“Conscious shall not remain”, there are two names of the troops. Karma Reductions
Ofter. Revival or Wei.

[APZ 24.3] (#apz24 .3) {#apz24 .3.ref .apz} What is Karma, Funny
Edit? This is the Karma Edition, the Annejabi Edition, the Karma.What is the resuscitation of the recalculation? Reinforcing Image Pain Sagna, Frequency
Conscious are the same. These reconnects are not in the revival. Conscious
Except not in the jewelery. Wherefore saith the chapters.

[Msdiv 25] (#msdiv25) {#msdiv25 .ref .msdiv} (4-8)

[APZ 25.1] (#apz25 .1) {#apz25 .1 .ref .apz} "In remembrance
He who is impostable”, 'thus abode, 'is the Nandiya and the home
Conscious Conscience, Karma, Revival Revival
The constipation will bring complete demise. 'Remembrance Facts
In four, the name is remembrance. The formation of mindfulness in terms of its own (1-8) 4
(ii) The ballot should be applied.) It is remembrance. 'Abrama' is
Sets, does not work frequently and does not get bored
Unfulfillment has unfulfillment.
How I did not dismantled or the Shields group from that Thon's prophecy
Whoever is endeavoured to persevere its will, and business, and effort
Is that mind and well discreet application, and impurity in the doctrines? How
I am Uncharted or Shields Group Samadhi Group Pledge Group, Liberation Mass
Will the liberation wise visions fill the mass? Scenes of Inversion or Liberation
Whoever will it, whether the mass is strive discreetly in that thon
Business, effort, persisting, and mind, and well discreet, and powerful
Efforts and determination to have a hero in the Kutshala Dharms
How I do not know, sorrow or know, what is the unformed.
or telescopes, the unpaved path or the unscrewed.
Incosterity Voicewhether it will, effort, and application, whether it will be made.
Inretreatment, and the presence of a heart, and the wise, and the elasticity of the heart.
Heerage, determination, whether it is to engage in inhalations.

[APZ 25.2] (#apz25 .2) {#apz25 .2 .ref .apz} "Bhikhu” is a project or
Monk is stylistic (Hikmena) or monk. Behave is what to behave
The dwelling is conducted on which the posture is dependent.

[APZ 25.3] (#apz25 .3) {#apz25 .3.ref .apz} “motherhood” are two mother-in-law. Cravings
Matia is also a visual mother. (hereinafter (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii)
Must.) Except the motherhood and dismiss the sight motherhood and dismiss the motherhood
Leave the constipation and completely go away. Discreet monk
DURE MORDY DURE THERE WORKSHOW WORKSHOW THERE WORKSHOW
The 'race' shall be applied in (4-4) 2 (ii) of those beings. If motherhood
(Great Niddeesa (2-6) 1 (ii)

(iii) The ballot should be applied.) Here is a view of this (in the Great Niddha
(2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) shall be applied. This is the discreet in the world of man
The knower is the produte and the person. Sadness is Nation Sadness (4-3) 4
Should be applied from where “sad”) Jathi Jara grief and grief here
He who is discreet, is that he who is in science is discreet,
The prophecy and he shall be born here, and he shall grieve, and mourn;
Convenient. Complete demise. Race Jara Shocks
Discreet, here shall be done. Therefore, God hath been disgraced.

[Msdiv 26] (#msdiv26) {#msdiv26 .ref .msdiv} (4-9)

[APZ 26.1] (#apz26 .1) {#apz26 .1 .ref .apz} "TrustsLet's get this word
This means that I am happy, happy to match your word,
I will, tolerate, place, favor, and give. 'Maharshi 'is (4-6) 1 Year
Must be applied.

[APZ 26.2] (#apz26 .2) {#apz26 .2 .ref .apz} "briquetted” is a briquetted
Reading, the brique-imposed briefs are also open. 'Subdhi”
Saws and masses, editors saws. Subdal Protect, Subdal Constipation,
The impeccable Nirvana was made.

In that way, the spheters gave sorrows. It is by name
The monotonous word, the real word. The word that is doubtful. The word without two ideas
The word of repulsion. Waste is the word. The permanent word. This is what it is.

“Bright” is the Word of Honor. (The Great Niddezah (7-2) 1
Should be applied from where it goes.) Sadness arisen. (ii) nation sadness and jara
Sadness caused a strong sorrow, a hug physical sadness, a Domnasa gave a strong appeal of sadness.
Constipated. (iii) The same was known by you.
Looking at the same time. Determined. This doctrine goes so you know
Deadly. Therefore, Brahmana said:

[Msdiv 27] (#msdiv27) {#msdiv27 .ref .msdiv} (4-10)

[APZ 27.1] (#apz27 .1) {#apz27 .1 .ref .apz} "They also dispel sadness
Do” are those trims, Brahmins, and Doctor, Holy Spirit,
The domestics, the proveyors, and the two times, the men were dismantling. “If sadness”
(4-9) 2 (ii) shall be applied to race sadness.) Dumb, constipation,
Complete demise, “Muni” is “what” to come to the consciousness
says. (2—8 of the Great Sleepings) 10 should be applied from where Muni is going.) Cravings
Muni even exceeded the network, admoniate admonishes. warding warns
doer. Frequently admoniate. Repeat admonition. Patronage
Ready. “Naga” is what makes it amentrance to the spasms. “curly” is
Kaine curls, word or curls, heart or curls, alias policy
Or curly, or by doctrine policy. Care, respecting
I, multidimensional, multidimensional, “Collections gather, forgetfully worship Him.
Ready. “Naga” is Nagasena, Naga, because they do not transgression,
Noyenui Naga. Naga, absent. How the Guilty of the Trusts
Nagama “guilt” because of undoing, a returnee who caused laminable felles
Lator Akushala Dharmayo, who will again give death to the nation and death of the grievous reward.
Saw. (In the Great Sleepness (9-11) 2 should be applied.) Gathering to the Nagyan
I worship with that point. If I admoniently admoniate
Jeheki. If repeated admonition. If patronizing, then Jehovah.
Therefore, Brahmana said:

[Msdiv 28] (#msdiv28) {#msdiv28 .ref .msdiv} (4-11)

[APZ 28.1] (#apz28 .1) {#apz28 .1 .ref .apz} "Something Brahman Names Wedagu
“Brahmina” is the exclusion of Dhamma, since Brahmina is a “Brahmina”
NAMI. (4-3) (1) Brahmina should be used from where it goes.)
“Teeth Teeth” goes to the vein. Tharamatha tells the informant. (Mahaniddeesa (4-5)
3 (ii) Should be applied.) 'Maniference' is known. Particularly known.
Figuring out. Cintura (Kelles) are not rags, malice
Thickness, mucus, dimensional sneaks, vision sneaks, clayey sneaks,
Some of the things that are visocious, and that they were originally inscripted.to be born
Ayoch says that the fire was burned, and the wisdom was called.

[APZ 28.2] (#apz28 .2) {#apz28 .2 .ref .apz} "Kama Names”
Two sections. Object rooms are also cleavage rooms. (1 (i) (ii) of the Great Niddice 2
Should be applied.) The saws go to the clayshamayo. There are two names of Bhavayo. Karma
Revival is also the rejuvenation. 'Unicrable (not straight) person
Unvisited in the room. Unfolded, Constant, Separated Unrestricted Mindfulness
also. And the same was the same, and this was crossed, and said,
“From it” is the monotonous word. Ogya is Carmogary, Bhavogidya, Ditthogy,
Avivorie, crossed. is the exceeded, and is the same. This is the one that crossed
Cropped the carmogaia. Bhavogidya crossed, Ditthoghe crossed. Heathly decomposition Wasa
There is, there is the habituated travel, there is the left end, there is the direction that went, the control
There are also brahmecharia, there are paths, there are incarnated paths,
The denoted reproach is there, at the ends of the griever. Co-operative Mentalism,
The road was wreathed. Nirration in the anecdote. Knowing the art.
The bitterness was known in the right way. What should be done was taken down.
What should be more was worded. At the same time, the tramped door lumps are segmented. Traverse Insoluble
The trench is segmented. The spooked cage is segmented. Discharge lock is segmented. Persecution is persecuted.
Shantha Dhamma is segmented. The weight of the saliva is weighed. Separate from rooms (Great
20 should be applied on Niddeusa (1541)

[APZ 28.3] (#apz28 .3) {#apz28 .3.ref .apz} “The same way for the country”
Thratharaya tells Nirvana. All editors in a particular house did shout
All the indices were conjured, the cravings were depletedIs it that the genitourless,
Ninched. Heathrow went to the extreme and went to the extreme
came to the end, went to the end, came to the end, went to the security
came into Sarana, came into sanctuary, went into sanctuary, came into sanctuary,
went to soar, went to soar, came to urrum, came to nirvana
Got to Nirvana, Heathly was dissipated (in the Great Niddezah (3-7) 6
(ii) Should be applied.) There is no rebirth. “Hull not” is Raghula (Great
15—5 (1) of Niddeesah should be used from Hull.) Collect all the fissure
Someone named Hull, did this Hull and first of all, Shantha
In comparison, how to be born, and the fire called wisdom (Continue)
Hull says no.

[APZ 28.4] (#apz28 .4) {#apz28 .4 .ref .apz} "not doubt” is a doubt of sadness
To do, to suspect sadness, to suspect grief, to be sad
Suspicious of the Nurodagamini refusement, suspected in the precedent,
Suspicious of Crime, Preparation, Preparation
If there is any doubt, doubt, doubt, doubt in the confederation
Incise, query, comment, comment, comment two,
There are two divided paths, and these doubts of someone, are they in the first place,
Shantha, the consonance, the desire to be born, the fire of wisdom, the same
Says no doubt. So did the bugger.

[Msdiv 29] (#msdiv29) {#msdiv29 .ref .msdiv} (4-12)

[APZ 29.1] (#apz29 .1) {#apz29 .1 .ref .apz} "The person who is science” is
The wise one. The tooth is the one who is the four ways to know
says. (Great Niddezah (4-5) 3(ii) Should be applied.)

[APZ 29.2] (#apz29 .2) {#apz29 .2 .ref .apz} "Naraya” is the man man,
The person, life is. Here it is in this human locality, in this view.

[APZ 29.3] (#apz29 .3) {#apz29 .3 .ref .apz} "Bawabawawawawawawawya” is Karma
Karma, images of the revival of the revival, Karma of the image
Karma of Bhavawya, Revival, Revival of Unidawawawya, Revival of Immorbivya
Repeatly in the prophylacter, in the repetition,
Repeated souls, redeeming. Sasa Sangaoi (ii) Raga'i
Malicious Synthesis, Dimensional Synthesis, Optical Synthesis, Classical Synthesis
Ready. Dirty means the associations are deviated, and the bending is the sticking,
Separated and dismantled in the lodge. There is also a tormented craving, persecution
I say, I have crossed the nation's jaars.

[APZ 29.4] (#apz29 .4) {#apz29 .4 .ref .apz} "If craving” images sound craving,
Odors, tastes, touches are craving. Whether this craving of someone is secret, initially
Sindunae and Shantha, and the desire to be born, the fire of wisdom,
There are discarded cravings, there are discarded cravings,
The marrow craving is the secret cravings are the five ragas separated ragas
There is a consonant raga, with craving, twune, unconscious, comforted
The Brahman is inhabited by such self-esteem. Hemah destroyed the lust,
Malice destroyed, destroyed the brains, destroyed the crusher and destroyed the transplanted hatred
(In Great Niddeesi (9-3) 3 “Shanthi” is discriminated against 'devastated'
Must. In 1662) destroyed all the collectors of the letter, originally in Sinde,
Shanthapa Sanasidunae, who was born and destroyed the cravings
Anal saw, cravy-free is a certain lust that is an adda center
A lotus is a source that says it does not have this craving for someone, initially
Shantha, Shantha. Convenience, how to be born, and the fire called wisdom
It also says that he desires.

[APZ 29.5] (#apz29 .5) {#apz29 .5 .ref .apz} “races” are born
It is the case that a certain digestion is digested. The waller of those creatures called shit
It is an occurrence, a drop, a vein. This is why the Indies have a certain maturation
Jharai says, Someone did not suffer the cravings, neither did he desire
In the same way, the nation jara crossed the deaths. It was there. Exceeded
I say, I will promulate, I will say, promulate. I open, divide, open
Kara, the desires are not grieving, they do not desire to cross the nation's jaars
Say done. So the prophets prophesy. At the same time as the end of the stanza
(1-8) 6 should be applied.)

Metagomanawaputhaniddezou.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SutteCentral by [Penny Jordan] {.editor}.