- Khuddka denomination
- Chula Sleepings
- Parayanawaganadzno

#15. Jathukanni Humanities Formula

[Msdiv 65] (#msdiv65) {#msdiv65 .ref .msdiv} (11-1)

[APZ 65.1] (#apz65 .1) {#apz65 .1 .ref .apz} "Rooms Thou, O Heroes
Inwillfulness is to know and learn, and those who are in this matter, Earahth
Sekana Sampana, Wijjacharana Sampana, Sumuthana Lokaviduya Rehabilitation
The Driving that discipline men, God, is the Buddhist to men, is the Buddhist.
Heard” “Heroes” I go, O Heroes, are the prophists
Weeranam. Hero is called “Hero”. Shaktheni Hero. Meaning
Suitable for Hero because Hero is a surname. The wicker is not afraid.
Do not be alarmed, do not flare. Since the fear and fear of the incendiary
What separated from all sins here was hell beyond sorrow, 'Hero.
The chief minister, Kathenui Weera. Propagation of “Kama'a Willy'
As a room. The objects are also clesy rooms. (Mahaniddeya (1) 1
(ii) 2, 3 shall be applied.) Bhavanni Budurajanan
Known also in claycas. Since the object was known, clesiasticam
Bites do not like rooms, because they are impoverished, do not leave rooms
Rooms do not desire, whoever likes the rooms, the rooms are favors,
They are Kama Kamehuweth, Ragasakali Aththahu. Rooms
Do not like. Rooms do not desire.

So the Buddha does not want the rooms, there is an impoverished, and there is a vagadziral
There is Kama, there is Kama, There is Kama, There is Kama, There is Kama, There is Kama
Ragah, Kelles did not dare, the twine was faintedBrahman
It is inhabited by such self-esteem. “Hello Jathukankana, thus”
“Ikhuti” is the vowel joint (2-1) applied from where 1 vowel
Must.) “Hello” is the favorite word (2-1) 2 should be applied. Garuchanaya
Hello “Jathukansa” is the prey of that Brahman, whose name is to impose “Ojaya
You shall go to the critics,” Oghi shall go over.
To comment is to question, ask, invite.

[APZ 65.2] (#apz65 .2) {#apz65 .2 .ref .apz} "KAMA DISTED” is
Kamatha, Midukamathahuthu, Contruded Kathhu, Conscious Kamma
The lower lust, the lower lust to the thhahu. Redeemed lust to Sithhu, constipated lust
Let us come to thehu. Let's come, complete, let's go.
“Shanthi” in one way is the Nirvana which is the same as Shanthi.
Will that be a congruence of all editors, and dispel all the help?
Viraganated Nirvana, the name of the craving. This is the Trusts
Dedication by. 'This nirvana is the plant, this nirvana is the prostate, that is
Will it be a compassion of all editors, whether all the accents are disgraced,
Nirvana, the craving pause, but in some other way
Shantha to touch Shanthi for the Dharmayo Shanthapagamaya
Existing to make reflexes. How is that? Four Sathipatayo
Four Leaders, Padawachendiyaya, Sasara Bothayangayo, Aryan
They are the Ashtangan road, if Shanthi Padas. The protection of the shantyverse,
Ababyverse, Aachword, Aruthword Nirvana, Kaymanuwi, Deshannu Manuwi,
Measure to be imposed. Measure the bandage, open openings. Divide “All eyes
True”, “seeing all things” is the almighty. Bhavath Budurajanan
His eyes, and jinness, are born not before, but at once. Hence
The Buddhism itself has all eyes with sight.

[APZ 65.3] (#apz65 .3) {#apz65 .3.ref .apz} "This is what I do not know
What is not known in Manuvi” is the unpretentious Nirvana. Nakatungurusa
Nirvana. “Bhagavath” is the Word of Honor. (Applied to the Great Niddice (7-2) 1
Must.) Reduced imposition. This is Bhagagaha. “Komayo” is a promo
As Kama is two parts. That is, object rooms and cleavage rooms. (Great
(1) 1 (ii) 2—3 shall be applied in the Niddeis.) Vocational Problessees
Knowing, restrain and restrain clicamas. Behave. postures
Constant. Controlled. The sun is like the earth in glory and is as powerful as it is
The sun with glory keeps the earth in glory and restrain all celestial darkness
Are they traveling on the celestial path of the firmament, and these are the same.
Hou hath wisdom, and glory, and have all editors
Cause Clayshanahara was impoverished and knew the object to Gynaaloka
The clayshakamas were impoverished, and suppressed, and behave under. Hold postures.
Ready.

[APZ 65.4] (#apz65 .4) {#apz65 .4 .ref .apz} "Very few of you who have great pledges
To me which is discreet, I am a little discreet. I have a characteristic pledge. You
Great commendations. There are no prophecies, there are commendments, and there are commendments
True, there are indivisible pledges, there are nibberish prodences. Bhuriyi
tells the earth. The earth was made with the widest prophecy of the same.
There are great pledgesThe “doctrine” is the middle good, where the root is good, the ends are good,
Defined, Genuine, All Complete, Pure Brahmology
Four Sathipatthaya, Four Asset Chief Padawachendiriya, Tandalaya
Bocentrya, Aryan Ashtangal Road Nirvana Nirvana Reaction
Manurements of caranu. Maniform, open, open, divide, divide,
Ready. “If something I know” is figuring out if I know something
If you are making, coming, making the recomitant. “HERE
Dandruing of race shit” is a comparison of race jaarmoras here,
Constant, impeccable nirvana. Therefore, the Brahmina said:

[Msdiv 66] (#msdiv66) {#msdiv66 .ref .msdiv} (11-2)

[APZ 66.1] (#apz66 .1) {#apz66 .1 .ref .apz} "The fire in the rooms is impoverished”
There are two names, objects and clayey rooms
Ready. (1) 1 (ii) 2—3 shall be applied in the Great Actance.) “Guyness” is
tells craving. A lust is a lust, a central lotus
It is the root of the epileptic. The fire in the room is impoverished, and into the nostra,
The 'Jathukansa 'is the prey of Brahman to the Armantled
“Bhagawath” is the honorary word. (Should be applied in the Great Reform (7-8) 1.)
Reduced imposition. Something that's going to be.

[APZ 66.2] (#apz66 .2) {#apz66 .2 .ref .apz} "Ewlekariya Seen”
The 'Intellectio' is a Resource Resource,
Correct Reverse, Dharman Dhamma Reverse, Complete
Making, feeling the size of the troopers that there is a closed door in the inverter, sleeping
Warmness, mindfulness and well-discreet, four weeks, FOUR Negative,
Pajachendiriya, Pandakhabala, Sapthabothanga, Aryan Ashtanga Road Nirvana
Nirvana Gamini Reduction, Efforts, Sareana, Amrutha
As Nirvana, seen and decided with, and residing souls
Failure to know is a cravingly optically-drawn paranorama
Infused, galon, canned, soulless is a spiritless redemption
Dirty is conjugated, overheat is a dandruble. 'Khijachana' is Raga
Earring, malicious sneezing, mucus sneezing, dimensional sneezing, visual sneezing, clayey
Do not you study these sneezes, visocious sneezes. Dirukarewa,
Conscious. So did the bugger.

[Msdiv 67] (#msdiv67) {#msdiv67 .ref .msdiv} (11-3)

[APZ 67.1] (#apz67 .1) {#apz67 .1 .ref .apz} "Something in the preview and dried it”
If any clayeshias were born because of past editors, then the clayeshias dried,
Without causing, the complete demise of the impossibility is the future editors
Prophylactic sneezes, mucus sneezes, vision sneezes, clayey
Thou shalt not do these sneezes, that is, that they are not,
Dear, and complete demise. 'Central' is the prevailing
Images of time, pain consciousness of consciousness as craving, optically
Do not take, do not parry, and not be happy with hopes
Not, gesture, gesture, gesture, enter the paramarahe,
Complete demise. What to behave is lust
Because I am sub shantha, and behave shantha (the Great
(3-4) 2 should be applied.) All CollectionsSince
Shanththava because they were subtlety because they were subtlety because they were subtlety.
He will dwell in comparison, hold postures, govern
Doer, dependent, behave shyly. Therefore, the Trusts
Blew.

[Msdiv 68] (#msdiv68) {#msdiv68 .ref .msdiv} [Msdiv 69] (#msdiv69) {#msdiv69
.ref .msdiv} (11-4)

[APZ 69.1] (#apz69 .1) {#apz69 .1 .ref .apz} "Brahman Omnidirectional
“The omnivance of the names goes to the true” of all things, 'omnivorous'
All omnidirectional omnidirectional without leaving omnidirectional
Word. This is omnipous. Names are immorbient masses. 'Figs' are four
Great demographers are images of decovery. Keti tells cravings. Any lust
It is not an allusion or a central lotus that is the root of the epileptic. “Inspirations
There are four wonders called “Science”. KAMAHA,
Bavavara, visible, unscientific. 'Him 'is Arhetthu
Neither are these miracles unto him, whether they are not science, nor are they they?
Not Divisional, Nouwadda, Plainty, Originals, and Shantha to be born
Aoch is also known by the fire called consciousness. Therefore, the Trusts
Deshannah.

(At the end of the stanza, (1-8) 6 should be applied.)

Jethukanimanawaputhaniddezno.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SutteCentral by [Penny Jordan] {.editor}.