- Khuddka denomination
- Chula Sleepings
- Parayanawaganadzno

# 16. Bhadharuthu Humanic Formula Niddedewa

[Msdiv 70] (#msdiv70) {#msdiv70 .ref .msdiv} (12-1)

[APZ 70.1] (#apz70 .1) {#apz70 .1 .ref .apz} "Will dispel the dwelling if Ok,
Cravings shall be desireless,” the dwelling of which is what drives away
There is a vote in the image, a certain lust, a certain vote, a certain lust, a certain
There is a craving, some deceptions, the ingress of the fulfillment.
Adda, they were born to Budurajan at first, and Aguzana
The received talale was like a tree, completely fade, and was again naked.

[APZ 70.2] (#apz70 .2) {#apz70 .2 .ref .apz} "Cravings also”
Cravings if images cravings sound cravings odor cravings, taste cravings touch cravings
Dharmathrushna. That craving of Budurajan was originally incarnated
Sanct' was born. The wisdom was burned by the fire. Hence
Buddhist himself is craving or craving Sinde. 'Eja' is craving. a
A lust is a lust, a central lobby is a root of the epileptic.
The Eja of the Buddhist is the craving. Originally, there was a salient. Complete
Fade. Then came back into Noudana. The other names of the edgea
The trusts are not shaken in profit, nor shaken in loss,
Not shaken in fame, not shaken by stigma. Also in the Prasanza
Do not shake, do not shake in reproach, do not shatter, and not shake, nor be sad
Do not shake. Unshaking, unbeats.

[APZ 70.3] (#apz70 .3) {#apz70 .3.ref .apz} "Nandi” is telling craving. a
It is a lace root, a lace adda, a lotus. A NandaIF
The craving was originally the mystery of Buddhism. Late Sips
It was like a whale tree. Complete demise was restored to unborn
Therefore, Buddujathema is named Nandijaha. “In the yard. Ogya did that” is
The congregations sent out Carmogary. Bhavogatiya did that. Avijjokhoy said,
The conundrum made the track. The shower has been finished. There is habituated travel (Great
(3-7) 6 (ii) should be used in Niddeesa.) No race death conundrum to him again
There is no antiquity, the Nandurya discarded, the Oghya was discarded, the Wandiya is the
The ragayensitha of his yard, the marrow, and the yard of the heart with malice. (Great
Should be used in Niddeus (3-4) 2.) The heart of all the amusorable collectors
In the yard, and in the yard, I ask the discreet to dispel the thoughtfulness
There are two types of thoughtfulness. The craving is also the vision. Motherhood is
(2) 1 (ii) (iii) used in Maha Niddeesah (2-6)
Must.) Since the craving of the Bhavath Buddha is a favorite
The Buddhist himself made the thoughtfulness, because the vision was compassed. 'Request' is
I ask, hope, and desire. Sumedhayah tells the promontory. a
A signal should be used in the Great Niddah (3-1) 3.) Amosimia, Dhammara
The semblance is the prophets of this prodigy. Hence
The spheres are called Sumedha, and “Naga” are the spheres. Guilty
Naga because of incongruent. (Should be used in Great Niddeesa (9-11) 2.) “Nagyan
Hear the word of God and thence into those places” is that thou hast heard the word of thou
The joint is heard and learned and deviates from this. Therefore, Brahminatha
Thus.

[Msdiv 71] (#msdiv71) {#msdiv71 .ref .msdiv} (12-2)

[APZ 71.1] (#apz71 .1) {#apz71 .1 .ref .apz} "Nana who arrived from the colonies
People” are Nana people, and Brahmins, and Vibrans.
Holy Spirit, domestics, prophylactic, God, men. Colony
Arrived are Angu, Magadura, Kalinga, Kasee, Kosal, Wajji Pouch, Wanga
There are also countries, Kuru Pancala, Mathur, Sunasena, Avanthi, Yon, Kambojah, etc.
“The gathered is the coming that came. Heroic phrases of you
“Hero,” the prophets shall be called Hero, which will be expected.
Hero is rich because Hero is Hero. Abramadunuai Hero
NAMI. The Lomudakana Drawing is the Hero. Of all the sins of this world
Separated Hero. If hell is beyond sorrow, then he will go away.
Match your despair, and hope you are the one who will make you a favorite
He will forsake them and forgive them. Manurements, Readers. so
It is this doctrine that provokes the determination of you.
Therefore, God hath been disgraced.

[Msdiv 72] (#msdiv72) {#msdiv72 .ref .msdiv} (12-3)

[APZ 72.1] (#apz72 .1) {#apz72 .1 .ref .apz} "All those who hold on
The images of cravings sound craving, which hold on to the cravings”
Odors, tastes, touch cravings. Covers of Catching Cravings
Is it said with a point? That craving holds the image firmly,
Including, stethoscope sagna editors Consciousness, Prey, Genesis,
The rebate takes hold of the rebate discount, but the fact goes the input craving
Saw. The craving that captures all input and captures all input
Driven out cravings,He shall deter, and shall conquer complete demise.
Udaya Sarasa middle is the human locator (4-7) used from 3 Udana
Must.) (1-1) 1 (ii) should be used in Hell Location.) “Tockuli
If something is firmly caught, and the animal is pursued with it.
Marathemay is a reproduced mass relic as a Commambary Editor
Lasher Institutions, Genesis, Replace Genesis
Lasher, leave—leave—by leave———————————————————————— The animal is the people, the naraya,
Human, man, person, man, man. Therefore, the Trusts
Deshannah.

[Msdiv 73] (#msdiv73) {#msdiv73 .ref .msdiv} (12-4)

[APZ 73.1] (#apz73 .1) {#apz73 .1 .ref .apz} "So the person who knows
Do not catch”, “so” is due to that fact
By the way, that's going to sleep. So the knower is the knower
All editors who know, who know, are unsure, all
(1-8) 3 should be applied to the editors who know the grievance.)
There is a doctrine born for some reason, to refine it all
The person (the person) who learns to maintain, does not firmly take the image
Do not take firmly. Do not enter, do not enter. stethoscope, signal,
Editors, Consciousness, Prey, Genesis, Replace, Bright, Concise, Discount
Do not take firmly. Do not paralye. Do not enter. “Bhikku in remembrance
“Bhikku 'means nothing in all locality, or
Monk, style or monk. Remembrance of four
NAMI. (1-8) 4 (ii)
YediMust.) It is remembrance that 'nothing' is any images taken
or stethodicated or decapitated or edited or disenchedited.
'In all the world' is the divine of all the human world in the world of all hell
All the masses of the locker are all the relics of the locker in the world all the entities of the world
Ready. “Creatures that take the image firmly” is a person who takes the image firmly,
Capture, Sign, Insert, Website Sign Editors
Consciousness, Prey, Genesis, Replace, Bright, Constipation Discount, Strictly Take
Capture, be paralysed, enter. 'These' is a vowal
Adjustment. (2-1) 1 should be applied.) The order of the tones is to show this “thus”
What will be viewed is the decomptionable. Community
is a name for animals from this. Classicol masses and customized masses
The structure is the saw. Deaths of the community or animal in Madu Dharaya
Alunahu in the state of the wealth is elbunahu. On the wall of the yamseh
This community or community in Gal Uleya or Nagadantha or Badupodiya Elbunahua
The animal is Alunahu Elbunahu in Madu, Leave, Death in the Deathery
Ready. Therefore, God hath been disgraced. At the end of the stanza (1-8)
Should be applied.) I am an auger of Zhusheron.

Bhadraudhamanawaputhaniddezau.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was byJanaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SutteCentral by [Penny Jordan] {.editor}.