- Khuddka denomination
- Chula Sleepings
- Parayanawaganadzno

#20. Recommendation of the Humanic Formulas

[Msdiv 89] (#msdiv89) {#msdiv89 .ref .msdiv} (16-1)

[APZ 89.1] (#apz89 .1) {#apz89 .1 .ref .apz} "Ref.apz
“Shakthi” was a man who came to age, was on the roofs, late
The last age came to the age of one hundred and twenty from the Genesis of the Little Power
There is only a little energy. 'Rare color' is the previous good color
It went away, and the hath disappeared, and the other fell down. Eyes are dirty.
Hearing is difficult. 'In between, 'I am not among myself. Remembrance Mullar
Absent is not knowing what to know, came to the disscience, to the mular
Arrived, let him go unnoticed in the midst. In between is your doctrine, outlook,
Reaction, without knowing the way and not touching and refusing, I am
In the midst, the blacker is not left. 'I know some doctrine, '
'Stain' is a good term with the definition of early cleaning middle cleaning
Fully perfected, sanctity Brahmecharia with, that is, four
Sathipatayan, Four Samples Major Four Negative Padawachendiriya, Panthapa,
Sasa Bocentrayan, Aryan Octangal Road Nirvana, Nirvana, Nirvanagamini
Reverse, Decomposition, impose, put, open
Manage, Decomposition, impose, place, open, divide
Manage, proclamate, say, 'Something I Know Someth'
If you will find out if the names are to be made.

[APZ 89.2] (#apz89 .2) {#apz89 .2 .ref .apz} "This very little race shit
Destroy” is the death of this very own nation jara, Business, Comparation,
It is unpretentious nirvana. Therefore, Brahmina stated the same.

[Msdiv 90] (#msdiv90) {#msdiv90 .ref .msdiv} (16-2)

[APZ 90.1] (#apz90 .1) {#apz90 .1 .ref .apz} "Seeing the images”
The image is the four great demons, and the figures of the four great demons born because of the four great demons
Ready. From the image news, due to images, from the matter of images, exhausting, clashing,
Even if you have the image, no one will be discarded. Kazawinda Talawatha (Great Buddha
(7-7) 2 should be used from where the 'garment' goes.) Due to the images of animals,
When images are striving, metaphor, weary, clash,
Seeing and making a decision when the clash is clashed.

[APZ 90.2] (#apz90 .2) {#apz90 .2 .ref .apz} is “different”
Gattenuate, Tamnus Aththahu. From eye disease (ii)
Difference, and conflict, and other people were domnus (every disease
In the end, (i) should be used here.) From Ear Disease (Great Sleeving (1-4) 4
(ii) 'disease' should be used as 'from disease') atemassoe,
The mosquitoes, the sunny air, the long nations are different from the touch of these,
Dumnus in the images of Kipeth, Lines, Gatte, Buddhist
Change (ii) should be applied in time of disappearance of the eye.)
Doomnasauhaha, in the ear, in the nose, in the tongue, in the ear, in the sound of the image,
In odor, in taste, in touch, on the flask, on the gator. inflammation,
In the cheapness of profit, in luxury, in Sioureh, in the brigade of Pinapatya,
Determined in ambulance medicine, in time of loss, in time of loss, in time of destruction
In Forest, Kipeth, Gatte, Buddhist Aththahu DomneshuwaAnd he will be.
Destruction of images in this way. Magtheria, Brahmins, Physician, Holy Spirit
The domestics know the genitals, and God and men. Size is
Size should be said. (In Mahanidadesi (15-8) 2 should be applied. 1846)
The size is enough. Hence it is,
By the fact, from that heroine, in that way, from that sleep, thus look,
Readable. Congregation, so that you do not have enough, often do the processing
The function is applied, the finished action has only the unbored action
The Kuscal Dharma was taken away.

[APZ 90.3] (#apz90 .3) {#apz90 .3 .ref .apz} "Image to be reupated”
The figure is the birth images of the four great demons and the four great demons.
The image is imminent, the image is deviated, the image is conjugated, the image is complete
This is the figure of the Tha, in order to dispose of the demise, and to be reborn again
If, again, the return of the rectification is threaded. in the room or in the image current or
In the undigested current or in the image or in the image or in the veneer or in the veneer or in the veneer
Ascavannava or Newsannava or Convenient Jewelery or Chauvokara
Resurrection or Genesis or Reconction or Reconction or Reconction
Not in the jewelery or in the sassara or in the discount. This will be the same.
Contrast. Go to the Asthon. Ready. Therefore, the Trusts are stated
did.

[Msdiv 91] (#msdiv91) {#msdiv91 .ref .msdiv}

[APZ 91.4] (#apz91 .4) {#apz91 .4 .ref .apz} "Four direction and four
In the decimal direction of Udaha you have not seen and untouched.
No. There is neither selfness nor unselfishness. Not scientific.I'm going
If it is known, then the doctrine is “Manuwi”, then the root is pure
Clean end in the middle perfectly everything with pure meaning, verses
Nirvana and Nirvana Gamani Rebates. Dekanu, Worm
Manuure, Open Manuure, Divide, Manuure, Manuure, Manuure
Manurements, Readers. “If in some way I know” is something I am
If to know, if coming, figuring out, if seeing,
If it is made, it is possible to dismantle it.

[APZ 91.5] (#apz91 .5) {#apz91 .5 .ref .apz} "To demolish our own nation
Caussed” is the death of the nation, constipation, containment, reproach
Nirvana. Therefore, Brahman himself said.

[Msdiv 92] (#msdiv92) {#msdiv92 .ref .msdiv} (16-3)

[APZ 92.1] (#apz92 .1) {#apz92 .1 .ref .apz} "Trusts,
The cravings came from the craving “images of craving sounds, odors,
Taste, touch dharma cravings, which came from the whimsical cravings,
The sins that came, the cramped, the underneath the minds.

[APZ 92.2] (#apz92 .2) {#apz92 .2 .ref .apz} "Man” is the other name for the animal.
“What is seen” is what is being inspected.

[APZ 92.3] (#apz92 .3) {#apz92 .3.ref .apz} "Justify the Community” is they
Jharawan, Jharawahuet, Business, Death
In the same way, the cesspores are suffering from domanticity and intense appeal
Justituahua. A Hell, A Cousin Community, A Thickness
The community is the afflicted community. They are Jharawen pressed
Gascized, Justices, Business, MadanagamaThy is helpless.

[APZ 92.4] (#apz92 .4) {#apz92 .4 .ref .apz} "So” is, by the fact, that
That is why the people are seen in Heathby, in that manner, in that manner, in that sleep
Ready.

[APZ 92.5] (#apz92 .5) {#apz92 .5 .ref .apz} "Apz” is the most frequent action
(4-8) 1 should be applied from where the 'was' impulsed '.) Kushale Dharmala
“So that you may be unborn again, so that you may be unborn again
Cravings are impoverished” images of cravings, sounds, odors, tastes, touches,
Dhamma craving, craving is a craving handicap, craving is concerned,
Cravings are a complete demise.

[APZ 92.6] (#apz92 .6) {#apz92 .6 .ref .apz} "In order to reinvent” is what you are
Do not cause restimulation, in the form of the carma or in the image
or in the unimaginable relic or in the image or in the cassava or in the cassava
In the jewelery or in the jewelery or in the collectors of the jewelery or in the capsule or in the jewelery
In the recalculation or recalculation, or in the recalculation or in the recalculation
or will not cause. Nouveth. HERE HERE, CRERED, CREALIZE
Go, go. So did the bugger.

[APZ 92.7] (#apz92 .7) {#apz92 .7 .ref .apz} "At the end of the stanza
The same views with Brahman, the same effects, the same clothes
Kelles Rajasno, Kelles Malatho, some reasons
Dhamma that is caused by a doctrine to refine it all
The eye is down. A Brahman is not a king, a girl's mother, causes
There is a doctrine that is caused by the fact that all it is in order to be reproached
Dhamma eye was down. (1-8) Part 6 should be applied.)

PillsManawaputhaniddezno

[(Sidgiapahuang (an.)] {.alt-title}

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Srisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of < http://pitaka.lk/ >.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully admitted.

Prepared for SutteCentral by [Penny Jordan] {.editor}.