- Private
- Great Direction
- Attakawaggo

# 3. Duttattaka Formula Recommendation

[Msdiv 15] (# msdiv15) {# msdiv15 .ref .msdiv} (3 - 1)

[APZ 15.1] (# apz15.1) # apz15.1 .ref .apz} "Absolutely evil minded
Some say, "Some have evil minds, some have evil minds."
There are many sad minds who have opposing minds and there are sad minds who are opposed
Many hate-minded theorists are also bhikkhus to the Blessed One
Even if he tells some lies to the Sangha. Even with exceptions.

[APZ 15.2] (# apz15.2) # apz15.2 .ref .apz} "Again they have a real heart
The word "saw" is firmly in the word of those theorists who believe
The word that is thought has the sign of truth which is thought to be true
Such are the signs that there is such a thing as thinking that there is no difference here
Some people who have signs lie to the Blessed One and the Sangha
Saying things and making excuses.

[APZ 15.3] (# apz15.3) # apz15.3 .ref .apz} "Muni is accused of being born
No, that's the argument that arose. The Bhikkhus also came down to the Blessed One
The aggression of the Sangha was also a false accusation. Muniteme will not come
Wisdom is said to be "what" in the singular "muni". Wisdom is the prime thing
Whether it is called Amoha, Dharmavicha or Sampayakdrishti, by that knowledge
The one who has is Muninami. Someone came to the debate on two points
Comes into the debate. The argument comes into play because the agent is the agent. Again or so it is said
The blame lies with Kipi. Comes to anger. I do not know
Hate also indicates dissatisfaction. Munithama does not come into dispute on either point.
Muniteme is a non-doer. He does not come to the debate because he is not a doer. Say it again
The one who gets blamed is not angry. Does not come to anger. A non-doer
Anger and hatred do not indicate dissatisfaction.
Does not come into the debate. Does not take the argument. Does not refer to the argument.

[APZ 15.4] (# apz15.4) # apz15.4 .ref .apz} "So the man has a thorn somewhere
No. "So" means "therefore" from that fact and from that suffix
It means sleep. There is no "Ragadi" hull because the sages have cultivated minds
Will be. There are no five types of Cheto Khilas. Raga, Dosha, Moha, the threefold hull
Not at all. නBorn. Was useless. First uprooted. Calmed down. To be born
Was inappropriate. Wisdom is burned in the fire. "Nowhere" means somewhere
That is. Spiritually or externally or spiritually externally.

[Msdiv 16] (# msdiv16) {# msdiv16 .ref .msdiv} (3 - 2)

[APZ 16.1] (# apz16.1) # apz16.1 .ref .apz} "How to transcend your own vision
Are some of the theorists who killed the beautiful Parivrajika and Sakyaputra
The professions of the shramanas are blamed and thus profit, fame and hospitality
We will get some worship later, ”said Asha
They have such beliefs, they have such hopes, they are their own
Vision, one's own taste, one's own creed, one's own idea, one's own intention,
Could not be exceeded. But the same people came back to them. Thus
How to transcend one's own vision, (ii) This is the rebirth or the world is glorious
The truth is, the other thing is empty, someone is arguing their own point of view, their own
Taste, one's own creed, one's own idea, one's own inspiration, one's own intentions
Exceeding, and for whatever reason, that was the end of his vision. So celebrate
Was. So consulted. So it went down. This is how he views himself
Hare, again, or (iii) the world is unholy, the world has an end. Corner or
Not at all. It is life, it is the body, the other is life, the other body is the animal itself that rises from the dead
Of course. The animal itself does not rise from the dead. Is the animal itself resurrected?
(Iv) The resurrected animal will disappear. This is not the case
The truth is, the other thing is empty, someone argues that he has his own point of view
How is one's own taste, one's own creed, one's own idea, one's own intention?
Exceeding, what are the reasons for it? That was the end of his vision. So.
Celebrated took. Consulted. Went down, that is

[APZ 16.2] (# apz16.2) # apz16.2 .ref .apz} "sent by choice
Entered "from one's point of view, from one's own taste, from one's own cult,
Carry, float, or collectively drive an elephant or a horseshoe
Sheep or camel or sheep or camel or sheep
From a plane or a ship, from a float, from one place, and so on from one's own point of view
His own tasteGoing, coming, floating.

[APZ 16.3] (# apz16.3) # apz16.3 .ref .apz} "Entered in Taste" is its own
From the point of view of his own taste he clung to his creed, the place came down
Is to take.

[APZ 16.4] (# apz16.4) # apz16.4 .ref .apz} "Your Perfect Doing"
How to be the ultimate, the perfect, the great, the imperfect
This Dhamma is self-evident, whether it is primacy or not, this type is superlative.
The point of view is good, this precept was imposed without. This way
It is the pathology that becomes your determination, excellence, greatness and excellence.
Presents foremost and noble. Arises. That is.

[APZ 16.5] (# apz16.5) # apz16.5 .ref .apz} "You know what?"
If so, you know. Declares. Practice.
If the world knows that this is true and the other is empty, then so be it.
Declares. Practice. The world is unholy (paragraph 1 (iv) applies here
Should) The animal does not rise from the dead. Not at all. The same is true of other things
Empty, so to speak.

[Msdiv 17] (# msdiv17) {# msdiv17 .ref .msdiv} (3 - 3)

[APZ 17.1] (# apz17.1) # apz17.1 .ref .apz} "A person has his own virtues
Vrathas "means one who goes to some such place.
A Kshatriya or a Brahmin or a householder of a certain Dhamma who has been appointed
Or a saint or a householder or a prince or a god or a man
Or is.

[APZ 17.2] (# apz17.2) {# apz17.2 .ref .apz ද The virtue of "Sil and Wat"
There is also variance. There is a gap. Not virtuous. What is a veil or a veil? these
The greatest of the Sasanas is Sil. The abode was faded from the pratimoksha swan
Does. The courtesy and courtesy was the fear of the slightest offense
Discipline in keeping with the precepts. Someone disciplined its discipline and did not exceed this
Virtue becomes, this is peace, in the sense of virtue. Peace be upon you
If. This is called virtuousness and fasting. What's wrong? Isn’t that virtuous,
Are octogenarians. "Aranjikanga" "Pindapathikanga" "Pansukulikanga" "Thechivarikanga"
"Sapadana Charikanga" "Khalu Pachjabhattikanga" "Nesajjikanga" "Yathasanthathikanga"
Virtue, it is said. Not virtuous. Management FatiguePeace is also called fasting. Virtue
Not at all. "Absolutely no skin, nerves or bones left in the body
From masculine strength to masculine power to masculine vigor to masculine prowess
If there is something to come, the mind is not the prevention of the hero who does not come to it
Strictly speaking, such fatigue is called peace fasting. Not virtuous.

[APZ 17.3] (# apz17.3) # apz17.3 .ref .apz}
I will not leave the temple. I do not expect. I will not drink.
I will not receive. I will fall. ”The mind hardens
It is called vrataya. Not virtuous. Somewhat hard on my mind associations
I will not get up from this seat until I get rid of it. I will not walk.
I will not leave the house, which is shaded like the wings of a gourd. From the palace
I will not leave. I will not leave Hummy, a species of castle. From the cave
I will not leave. I will not go out of the cave. I will not leave the room.
I will not leave the house. I will not fly. In the courtyard
I will not leave. I will not leave the service hall. From the pavilion
I will not leave. Such a heroic peace that the tree will not go out first
It is called vrataya. Not virtuous. This afternoon in the evening
In the morning, in the afternoon, in the afternoon, in the afternoon, in the light,
In the rainy season, in the snow, in the summer, in the middle of the first age
I accept the theology of the Western age in old age. Touch
I will. I will make sure that the mind is firmly established. Like this
Fatigue Peace is called fasting. Not virtuous. The person is the animal
Man, man, man, person, life is an enlightened being
That is.

[APZ 17.4] (# apz17.4) # apz17.4 .ref .apz} "Unquestioned by others
To others "is the alien Kshatriya Brahmin Vaishya.
From the saints or from the householders, from the gods, from the gods
Someone from the people. Unquestioned, unasked, uninvited
Is received.

[APZ 17.5] (# apz17.5) # apz17.5 .ref .apz} (i) "declares" is their own
Whether virtuous or virtuous or both virtuous, I am virtuous. වරත
I am rich. In both cases there is a complete digestive tractI belong to a race or tribe
Or by caste or body color or wealth or (ii) education or industry
Or from the Institute of Crafts or the Academy of Sciences or Shruti or Pratibhana
From other objects or from a higher caste or from a greater caste
Ordained or ordained of a great crop caste or very high crops
There are lay clergymen known to have been ordained by a caste or to have a renowned reputation
Or that the robes of the Pindahara Saturns were filled with medicine
Suttaranthika or Vinayadhara or Dharmadhara or Aranjika
Whether it is tree rooted or Pindapathika or Sapadanacharya
Either kalupachchabhattika or nesajjikaya or yathasanthika
Whether the first midday was received or the second midday was received
Whether the tertiary is received or the tertiary is received
It is said that the celestial body came to an end or that the celestial body came to an end.
Whether it was received or whether the conclusion of the Akinchanayatana was received
It is said that the end of the New Testament. Declares.
(iii) Anariya Dhamman Kusala Thamahu means Kusala are the relics of the masses
Skilled Institutions Skilled Pratheethaya Samutpadaya Skilled Satipatthnas
Skilled samyakpradhana skilled rdhipada skilled sense organs skilled
Skilled Bodhisattvas Skilled Paths Skilled Fruits Skilled Nirvana Skilled
The experts said. This Dhamma belongs to the ignorant. This Dhamma belongs to the Aryans
Not at all. This Dhamma belongs to the children. This Dhamma does not belong to the scholars. This Dhamma
Of liars. This Dhamma is not of men either. Even if you say so.
This is stated. Even if it is used in this way.

[APZ 17.6] (# apz17.6) # apz17.6 .ref .apz} "He speaks for himself."
What is meant by "about oneself" is told to oneself. I am virtuous
By or by race or by virtue of race or race
Or by tribe or caste or wealth or wealth (here 5 (ii)
Says to apply.) Declares.

[Msdiv 18] (# msdiv18) {# msdiv18 .ref .msdiv} (3 - 4)

[APZ 18.1] (# apz18.1) # apz18.1 .ref .apz} "Calm with a well-quenched mind
Bhikkhuthema "means calm because lust is satisfiedStunning as it is,
Calmness, anger, hatred, virtue, faults of others, because the delusion is calmed.
Saying, jealousy, stinginess, deceit, hypocrisy, harshness,
Dignity, pride, apathy, procrastination, all of their defilements
All of all the flames of all the burning, all of the burning, all of the burning
Because the tranquility of the meritorious editions is soothing and soothing
It was calm because it was gone. Bhikkhu is because there is a breaking of the Sapta Dhamma
"Bhikkhu". Sakkaya's vision is broken. Wichita is broken.
Seelabbathaparamasa is broken. The lust is broken. Hatred is broken, delusion
Will be broken. The dimension will be broken. The recurrence of his lame depravity
Fear-inducing, burning, miserable, miserable death
Lama akushala dhammas are broken. Removed or suspected completed
Things are depleted and rebirth is possible by removing the potential and potentiality to Pirinivana
Gone. "

[APZ 18.2] (# apz18.2) {# apz18.2 .ref .apz යනු "has a well-quenched mind"
Twin because lust is extinguished, hatred is twin because it is twin, delusion is twin
Twin
All defilements are all because the defilements of thamba, sarambha, mada and delay are extinguished
All immoral alms, all afflictions, all afflictions, all iniquities
That is because the edits are off. "Ithihanthi Seelesu Akathamano"
History is a combination of words that are easy to read to match the letters
Some in this Sasana boast of a complement of verses. He said, 'I am virtuous
I was overwhelmed. I was full of pride, 'he boasted. Virtue
Boasting or bragging about being two. By race or tribe
Boasts of caste or beauty. (Here (3-5) 5 (ii)
The paragraph breaks really are important for readability.)
It's raining. (St. Bhikkhu himself) does not boast like this. By bragging
Separated lives with an unrestricted mind.

[APZ 18.3] (# apz18.3) # apz18.3 .ref .apz} "The wise say it is the Aryan Dhamma"
Skills are those of certain masses who are skilled or skilled (here (3-3) 5 (vi) paragraphs
Should apply)

[APZ 18.4] (# apz18.4) # apz18.4 .ref .apz} "Where in the worldOr a defilement to someone
"Doesn't" mean "to someone" means deserving deer?
Defilement "means defilements. There are seven defilements. (Ii) Raga defilement, hatred, delusion, dimension,
Ditti Kilesa Kamma, this is the penny. Arahant does not have these defilements. Apparent
Not at all. Did not receive. Eradicated, appeased. To be born
Did the wrong thing. Wisdom burned in the fire.

[APZ 18.5] (# apz18.5) # apz18.5 .ref .apz} "Somewhere is spiritual anywhere
Or externally or spiritually externally.

[APZ 18.6] (# apz18.6) {# apz18.6 .ref .apz} "The world" is the man in the world of hell
In the world of the heavens, in the world of the masses, in the world of relics, in the world of institutions.

[Msdiv 19] (# msdiv19) # msdiv19 .ref .msdiv} (3 - 5)

[APZ 19.1] (# apz19.1) # apz19.1 .ref .apz} "Someone thought, devised
Dhammas "are two thoughts. Thought is also thought
That is mindfulness. (Here paragraphs (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) should apply, and its ego
Change it to Kalpana instead) These are the two thoughts

[APZ 19.2] (# apz19.2) {# apz19.2 .ref .apz} caused by "set"
Collected Forms or Sankhatas. Dhammas rewritten or revised
Infinite. Born for a reason. Prepared by Tuberculosis. Vyaya Dharmayoya,
Viraga Dhammas, Nirodha Dhammas. "Someone" means to the ideologue. Dhamma
Thought-provoking thoughts are Sankhatas.

[APZ 19.3] (# apz19.3) # apz19.3 .ref .apz} "Prioritized dirt"
There are two prepositions. Putting desire first puts vision first
(Paragraph 1 (ii) (iii) (2-6) changed to precedent instead of ego
Should) precede him with desire but not with foresight
Unsatisfied, his desire was put forward because his vision was not in vain
Because he is not satisfied with doing, he acts in front of lust or vision.
He has flagged lust, flagged lust, ruled lust.
The vision is flagged, the lust is flagged, the vision is dominated
It is the behavior that is surrounded by lust or vision. Was preceded
"Veth" means manifest, has, received.

[APZ 19.4] (# apz19.4) {# apz19.4 .ref .apz} "dirty" means dirty
Dirty means.

[APZ 19.5] (# apz19.5) # apz19.5 .ref .apz} "Do you see any blessings in yourself"
"Some" means something to oneself. "In oneself" means the threefold vision
The pastor is told. He sees two blessings from his point of view. The blessings of this world
It is also the blessing of the Hereafter. (ii) What are the blessings of this world? (iii) Some of the scholars themselves
Whether there is a vision or not, the disciples are also visionaries. Have that vision
The disciple is cared for by the disciples. Are respected. Worship. Care
Due to that, the robes of Pindahara are filled with medicines
This is the blessing of this world (iv) What are the blessings of the Hereafter from this point of view? (v) This
The vision is suitable for nagging. Gandharva suitable for perfection
Suitable for order. For the sake of monarchy or for the sake of strength or for the sake of spirituality
Or for the sake of duality. This view is for the sake of purity
Deserves to be liberated for the sake of purity. Get rid of this view
Clean, I will be clean from this point of view. I will get rid of the surface
Is expected. From this point of view, the Hereafter is a blessing, (vi) their own
From the point of view, these two blessings are expected.

[APZ 19.6] (# apz19.6) # apz19.6 .ref .apz} "That unstable calming association
Did "There are three consolations. Extreme (positive) consolation, tadanga
Calm down, compromise calm down, that is. What is the ultimate peace? (ii) Immortal
Nirvana is called Ekantashanthi. Something settled all the edits
The so-called inhibitions that quenched all the defilements and quenched the cravings
Nirvana. This is absolute peace. (iii) what is Thangada Shanthi? (iv)
For those who are a little tired of the stereo-typed name-calling, Equivalent to secondary education
Argumentative critiques are appeased. For those who have joined the Tertiary
The spirit will calm down. Those who joined the Chaturtha Dhyana were relieved
Are. For those who are affiliated with Akashananchayatana, Image Signal
Are reconciled. For those who are a little tired of the stereo-typed name-calling,
Will be. For those who are a little tired of the stereo-typed Akinchannayatana, the sign of Vignanayatana is appeasing.
The sign of Akinchanayatana is calmed down when one touches the neoconsciousness. these
Is the calming of the limbs. What is compromise conciliation? Appeasing superstitions in the direction
It is called compromise conciliation. This is visualT is to appease. Again compromises
Peace is the peace contained in this sense.

[APZ 19.7] (# apz19.7) # apz19.7 .ref .apz} "Associated with that unstable calm"
Is the turbulent peace, the shaken peace, the conflicted peace, the impermanent sangha
Was born due to. Decay Dhamma Vyaya Dhamma Viraga Dhamma Nirodha Dhamma Shanthi
The association is that the stick came and went and the root came.

[Msdiv 20] (# msdiv20) {# msdiv20 .ref .msdiv} (3 - 6)

[APZ 20.1] (# apz20.1) {# apz20.1 .ref .apz} "Easy to embrace
"Embrace visions" in "can not be exceeded" (ii) This is what the world is all about
The truth is that the other thing is empty. The world
The world has no end, the world has no end, that life and that body,
The other is life and the other is the body
No, the animal rises from the dead or not, the animal rises from the dead
This is the true meaning of burning up of bad psychic imprints
The attachment is reviewed. Those who entered from the point of view were easily overtaken.
Not possible. The work of overcoming misery.

[APZ 20.2] (# apz20.2) {# apz20.2 .ref .apz}
Does "in the Dhammas is determined by the two perspectives
It means thinking, weighing, deciding and publishing. Restrictions on landings
This is what the cave took, the exalted, the parted, the frozen
The truth took on a realistic and unorthodox nature that was consulted by the descendant
Is received.

[APZ 20.3] (# apz20.3) # apz20.3 .ref .apz} "So man himself embraced it.
Tasma in "Take" means from that fact and from that effect
From the bed, the human being is the animal (paragraphs 7 (ii) should apply here)

[APZ 20.4] (# apz20.4) {# apz20.4 .ref .apz} "In those embraces"
In terms of downsizing. Matters of "Will the Dhamma be expelled or accepted?"
Two are devoid of dating, and the other's ideas are disintegrating or dating.
Not dating because it is inappropriate. How about dating as a breakup of other people’s ideas
No, that scribe is not omniscient. Dhamma is not self-evident. Sangha Supratipanna
Not at all. Vision is not good The precept is not a well-imposed path
Not narcissistic here in purityOr holiness or purity
There is no redemption. The dream, the dream is lame. Thus shattering other ideas. Thus cut
What is thrown does not cling to the scribe. Does not cling to the Dhamma. Sangha
Does not stick to. Virtue is inappropriate because dating is not inappropriate
Not dating.

[APZ 20.5] (# apz20.5) # apz20.5 .ref .apz} "Accepts the Dhamma" is the Master
Accepted. Accepts the Dhamma discourse. The Sangha accepts. Vision is accepted.
Recognizes the precept. Welcome to the path. Consults. Enters.

[Msdiv 21] (# msdiv21) {# msdiv21 .ref .msdiv} (3 - 7)

[APZ 21.1] (# apz21.1) # apz21.1 .ref .apz} "The holy man is in nature
There is no such thing as a thought-provoking view anywhere in the world
Wisdom is said to be Amoha, the Dhamma
It is called Vichya and Drishti. In what sense is wisdom called dhota?
(Ii) whether the body defilement was removed or washed away by that wisdom;
Verbal defilement removes and washes away defilement of the mind
Whether or not it has been washed away, lust, hatred, delusion, anger, enmity,
Virtue, blaming others removed, washed away, one by one,
Dimensions superfluous, apricot, procrastination removed, washed away, all
All defilements, all defilements, all alms, all afflictions, all sorrows
Whether the defective editors were removed or washed out (iii)
Wisdom is called "holy." (iv) From the point of view of recurrence or concordance
Superstition, whether removed or washed away, is from the concept of samyak
The concept of myth was removed or washed away, by the word samyak
The word myth was removed or washed away from the samyak industry
The mythical industry was wiped out and washed away alive
Myth Life, Myth Exercise Myth Exercise, Myth Week
Myth (wrong) week from (mindfulness), mythical concentration from samyak samadhi,
A myth is when a mythical wisdom is removed or washed away
The myth of liberation is that liberation is removed, washed away, and restored.
Or all the defilements of the Aryan Octagonal Path, all the burns, all the burns
All griefsQualified editors removed or washed out
Arahant is said to have composed these "sacred" Dhammas. Especially
Will be. (v) He is therefore called "Holy". Therefore that Arahant
God washed away lust and washed away sin. Wash away the impurities
All inflammations were removed. So it was washed away
Called "holy."

[APZ 21.2] (# apz21.2) # apz21.2 .ref .apz} "The Magic and Dimension of the Holy Man
The deceptive behavior of "except" is called illusion. (Ii) Some in this world
Cain is lame because of the word 'behavior' and 'cover'
Comes to mind. I hope others do not know and do not see.
I think others do not know and do not see. I do not know others
Cain excels in invisibility. Any such deception is a mistake
Is it a sin to hide hypocrisy, to cover up, to obscure?
It is called deception. "Dimensions" means (iii) whether there is an elevation of a particular mind
One way is to measure. To exalt oneself is to insult others
There are two ways to measure greatness and to think that you are equal
The downward thinking dimension is the dimension in three ways. (iv) Dimension from profit
Arises. Fame creates dignity. Praise raises the bar. The dimension of supply
Arises. Is the dimension of the four points. I received beautiful images
Dignity begets mesmerizing sounds. Fascinating
There are five ways in which odors can be experienced
Dimension arises (v) Dimension arises from receiving eyes. Dimensions due to ear receipts
Arises. Receiving the nose causes dimensional. Because of the tongue, because of the body
Generating dimension means generating dimension in six ways. Dimension is supernatural
Insult, Superiority, Asmi Dimension, Superstition Dimension is the birth of the dimension in seven ways
(vi) Gains measure of profit. The loss causes humiliation. The dimension of fame
Causes disgrace and humiliation. Praise raises the bar. Shame on you
Insulting. Happiness creates dimension. Grief causes humiliation
Dimension, that is, the dimension that arises from being great to the great, to the great
I am equal and inferior to the great. The same goes for ShI was great. Similar to the peer
I am. The equivalent dimension is the neonatal dimension, the tenth dimension
Dimension is, (vii) some person in this world by race, tribe or caste
From whiteness or wealth or learning or industry or craftsmanship
From the academy or from knowing or understanding a lot or something else
Such a dimension presents a flag as a feeling of superiority in the mind
If there is one dimension that has been achieved. This is called dimension. ”The holy man is also magic
Leaving the Dimension 'means that the wise will not be deceived and the Dignity will not be removed.
Pamunuwa lives.

[APZ 21.3] (# apz21.3) කවර # apz21.3 .ref .apz} "Who has no collection
Which way to go is two arrivals. The vision of accumulating lust
The collection is twofold. (ii) Substitute "I" in paragraphs (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) here
"Collecting" should be used interchangeably) (iii) collecting his lust
Is degraded. The collection of vision is what was dispelled. Accumulation of lust
Collected without visions because the vision was discarded because it was depleted
By what factor (iv) does the individual come to lust and by what reason does he come to hatred?
What comes and what comes to delusion and what comes to a point of view
(V) to be deceived into believing that there is lust or hatred from a buried defilement
Confused as to whether he came or joined or consulted
Attempts were made to say that he had been appointed or that he had not come to an end
By the way, they thwarted the collections and thwarted the gatherings.
So what goes into a movement, whether it is an organism or an animal
Whether he came to the ghost or as a human or as a god
Whether it is Rupi Brahman or Arupi Brahman or Sannyaya
There is no reason to call it unconscious or neoconservative.
No premise, no matter.

[Msdiv 22] (# msdiv22) {# msdiv22 .ref .msdiv

[APZ 22.4] (# apz22.4) # apz22.4 .ref .apz} "Collections are in the Dhammas
Comes to the argument "is both the accumulation of lust and the accumulation of vision (here 3
(iii) paragraph should be applied) This is the gathering of desire and the gathering of this view
The accumulation of his lust was not in vain. Vision collection is not remote
ReceivedIs. The collection of lust did not fail, so the gathering of vision did not go away.
Therefore, whether there is lust or hatred or delusion
Whether joined or consulted or confused
Comes to the argument of the Dhammas as to whether the thing went or was tried. They
The collections did not fail. Genesis because the night skirmishes did not fade
Comes to the debate about. Pretended to be an animal or an animal
Whether it is real or a human being or a god or a spiritual Brahmin
Or as a formless Brahman or as a sage or ascetic
Comes into the debate, approaches, and takes on the so-called neoconservative.

[APZ 22.5] (# apz22.5) # apz22.5 .ref .apz} "How not to collect
Are two incarnations. The coming of desire is the coming of vision
Two are changed from "lust to ego" to "to lust" (2-6) 1
(ii) (iii) paragraphs should be applied.) His desire vanished. Vision
The collection was not collected because the desire was lost and the vision was removed
What lust speaks to the person, what hatred speaks, what
From what point of view, from what point of view
That is to say, with what ambiguity the mind speaks facts
What do you mean? Which of the deposited ragas indicates the existence of raga (here)
Paragraph 3 (v) should apply.) There is no such reason. There is no such effect,
No matter. Says or says something (no reason for it)

[APZ 22.6] (# apz22.6) # apz22.6 .ref .apz} "He has no soul at all"
Has no vision of the soul. Nouns denoted by "constant"
No vision. The soul is not taken. There is no grape that is not the soul.
If anyone has a purchase, there is a grapevine. If anyone has a grape
The growth and decline of the Arahant beyond the acquisition and redemption
Stopped. (ii) The habitat in which he completed the rain is the habitual existence
The only thing that has alienated the nation is the filthy death samsaras.

Some of his misconceptions about "he lost all sight here"
Were defeated. Sighed. Calmed down. Were unfit to be born. The fire of wisdomනෙන්
Burned. He took away all the views he had taken here. To be unborn
Arrived

Duttattakasuttaniddeso Thathiyo.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Ayya Kathrin Vimalañāṇī] editor .editor.
