- Private
- Great Direction
- Attakawaggo

# 6. The crap formula

[Msdiv 39] (# msdiv39) {# msdiv39 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 1)

[APZ 39.1] (# apz39.1) # apz39.1 .ref .apz} "This life is definitely short"
Life is the existence of life, dependence, existence, control, life,
Is the organ of life. Again, life is a little, a little, two things
Life is short because it is small, life is short because it is small in nature
A few. How can life be short in existence? In the past emotional moment
Lived. Not alive. Will not live. Live in the future psyche
Will not. Did not live, did not live. Living in the present tense
Or did not live. Will not live. (Here paragraphs (2-4) (6-11) apply
should be.)

[APZ 39.2] (# apz39.2) # apz39.2 .ref .apz} "Certainly this life is short.
Will die in a hundred years' time, "he said.
Dies, disappears, perishes, solid in times of crisis and in times of crisis
In time and in the afterlife, Chuta dies, dies, disappears. Will be destroyed
At birth it dies, dies, and disappears. Destroys, even in the maternity ward
Chuta, dies, disappears, half a month or a month,
Two months, three months, four months, five months, seven months, seven months
Was it eight months, was it a new month, was it ten months, was it a year,
Two years, three years, four years, years
Was five, (iii) was six, and seven was eight
Was nine years old, ten years old, twenty years old,
Thirty years, forty years, fifty years,
Sixty years, seventy years, eighty years, ninety
It was a year when Chuta would die, disappear and perish

[APZ 39.3] (# apz39.3) # apz39.3 .ref .apz} "Does anyone live beyond that"
If a person lives more than a hundred years, or if he lives only one year,
Live two years, live three years, live four years,
Five years (apply paragraph 14 (iii) here) to 'die'
Change that.) Live ten, twenty, thirty, forty years,

[APZ 39.4] (# apz39.4) {# apz39.4 .ref .apz} Once decomposed, more
Half of the aging had taken place and half the time had come to ruin with saloon teeth
The white head has a decapitated head with sessile scars
His body was bent and he was supported by a stick in the middle
Awakens, dies, disappears. Will be destroyed. There is no escape from death.

[APZ 39.5] (# apz39.5) # apz39.5 .ref .apz} "Ripe or ripe fruit in the morning
Fear of falling, as well as the frequent fear of death at birth
Is coming. "

“All the pottery made by the Yamze potter is finished breaking
And so is human life. "

"Young and old alike are killed, whether they are fools or pundits
They have seduced and killed. "

[APZ 39.6] (# apz39.6) # apz39.6 .ref .apz}
The father does not eat the son of those who go. Relatives do not care. The other
Look at the many mourning of many relatives. One of the cows (slaughtered) taken to be slaughtered
"Thus the world is covered with death and filth."

[Msdiv 40] (# msdiv40) # msdiv40 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 2)

[APZ 40.1] (# apz40.1) # apz40.1 .ref .apz} "People who thought they were mine mourn"
The people of are Kshatriyas, Brahmins, Vaishyas and Shudras,
Households, Priests, Gods, and Humans. "Considered mine"
There are two types of ego. It is the ego of desire and the ego of vision.

(Paragraphs (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) should be applied here.
He also mourns the loss of his life. He mourns until he dies. Even when it is dry.
It is also sad to think that the object of change has changed. Fainted. Mourning. Lehi's hand
Exploited voice. The mind becomes delusional.

[APZ 40.2] (# apz40.2) # apz40.2 .ref .apz} "does not belong often." Is going
Two seizures (ownership). "Instead of ego" "Hold on tight"
Paragraph 19 (ii) should be applied here)

The grip of lust is impermanent. Belong to the editions. For a reason
Was born. Will pay. Will be destroyed. Separates. Will be eliminated.
Will be separated. This was preached by the Blessed One. "Sir,
Did the Yushmats see what was holding that tight, what was holding that tight
The regularity is no differentVeda, whether it is eternal or not, Lord, it is
Not at all. Good Lord, I too am something that is permanent, unchanging, eternal, different
I do not know of a strong hold that is not and still exists. Constant change
There is no such thing as a non-eternal tight grip. Not available.

[APZ 40.3] (# apz40.3) {# apz40.3 .ref .apz} "This separation is real"
Change means separation is the other way around. Blessed Ones
This was also stated by. "Ananda, do not grieve. Do not cry, all dear preferences
Didn't I say before that separation from something becomes another way?
Ananda, is there any such thing as a gathering and breaking Dhamma that will not be broken?
No matter how you get it, it's not going to happen. Of the original masses
The change of the institutions of the relics becomes another form, then, then
There are mass relic institutions that arise.

[APZ 40.4] (# apz40.4) # apz40.4 .ref .apz} "Lay down and not see"
Is a complementary term. Selfish objects are seen and equated
Wait and decide and know in public. "Lay does not dwell." Is all housing
Pest, wife and child pests do not go away Pests get rid of pests
Cut down and get rid of the collection pest and shave your head and wear a whip
Anagariya, who came out of the laity, came to the Sasana as a monk without any defilement and came alone
Lives.

[Msdiv 41] (# msdiv41) # msdiv41 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 3)

[APZ 41.1] (# apz41.1) # apz41.1 .ref .apz} "It disappears with death." Is going
Death is the disappearance of some kind of consciousness from the animal kingdom
Being a death is a waste of time
That's the decent thing to do, and it should end there. "It" means filmed, tormented,
Signified, edited, conscious. "Lost" means far away.
Disappears. Is broken.

[APZ 41.2] (# apz41.2) # apz41.2 .ref .apz} "Man is excluded from crops
Does. Before that it excludes man as well. The crops of the lustful are the same
Does not exist. So I do not grieve in times of mourning. "" The sun has set
Flee and the moon rises. Payai animal, when I know the world religions.
That is why I do not grieve in times of grief. "

[APZ 41.3] (# apz41.3) # apz41.3 .ref .apz} "masculinityThis is mine
"Something" in "thought" is pictorial, painful, symbolic, edited
Enlightened, that is. Puriso is the usage and usage of the category.
The etymology is the word and the idiom.

[APZ 41.4] (# apz41.4) {# apz41.4 .ref .apz ීමෙන් "This is mine" with lust
Feels. Feeling visually impaired. Feels dimensional. Feeling defiled.
Feeling depraved. Feels the sense of application. Feeling the consequences.

[APZ 41.5] (# apz41.5) # apz41.5 .ref .apz} "Panditha saw this" means
Knowing this fact in the objects that are known, determined and revealed
Panditatheme "means one who has wisdom, one who has intellect, one who has wisdom, one who has wisdom.

[APZ 41.6] (# apz41.6) # apz41.6 .ref .apz} "The one who considers mine to be mine
Does not bend. ”The ego (that is mine) is two and the lust ego is also evil
Selfishness (paragraphs (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) should be used here)

"Consider mine" means the Buddha adopted the Dhamma and the Sangha adopted
Acquired means. He meditates on that Blessed One.
The Blessed One accepts that person. “Blessed are you
In the speech. Mahanai, some of those bhikkhus are hypocritical, harsh and flattering.
Those monks who have dignity are not the ones who have selfishness to me. Mahanai, these are the monks
Those who have left the Dharma Vinaya (Sasana). They grow up in this Sasana
Does not reach the heights. Aren't those monks hypocrites?
Those who are not flattering, those who are courageous, those who are not tough, and those who are well disciplined
The monks are selfish to me. Mahanai, those monks did not leave this Sasana
Are. They grow in size and height in this Sasana.

[APZ 41.7] (# apz41.7) # apz41.7 .ref .apz} "Advanced with hypocritical, flattering stories
The undisciplined bhikkhus of Manna preached by the Supreme Buddha
Will not grow in the Sasana. "

"No hypocrisy, no bravado, no flattery. Are there courageous and disciplined monks?"
They are elevated in the Desitha Sasana by Lord Sambuddha.

[APZ 41.8] (# apz41.8) # apz41.8 .ref .apz} "The one who thinks he's mine is mine
Does not bend "means the ego of vision, which removes the ego of desire which has the previous ego
Does not bow down to selfishness. Does not bend gradually. It does not weigh. there
Non-stickනය. It does not dominate.

[Msdiv 42] (# msdiv42) # msdiv42 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 4)

[APZ 42.1] (# apz42.1) # apz42.1 .ref .apz යනු "Someone even joined in a dream"
The dream came true.

[APZ 42.2] (# apz42.2) # apz42.2 .ref .apz} "Can't see a man tied together"
Is that the man who went to sleep (in a dream) sees the moon. Sees the sun. Great
Sees the sea. Mahameru sees the rock. The elephant sees. Sees horses. Sees the drive.
Sees infantry. Mahasena sees, attracts gardens etc. It is fascinating
Sees forests. Sees interesting lands. Ramya sees the ponds. None of that turned the eye
Do not see "People who loved this way" is a metaphorical phrase

[APZ 42.3] (# apz42.3) # apz42.3 .ref .apz} "People who made love" is a favorite
People who took me for granted, that is, mother or father or brother or son or daughter
No friend or acquaintance or relative of rice or people who like this "Marie
Gone "does not see the dead." Dead means dead:
He does not see the dead man. Not available. Do not suffer.

[Msdiv 43] (# msdiv43) # msdiv43 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 5)

[APZ 43.1] (# apz43.1) {# apz43.1 .ref .apz} "Those people who heard and saw"
Something that has arisen from consciousness Something that has arisen from auditory consciousness (means) Tejana
Kshatriyas, Brahmins, Vaishyas, Shudras, Housewives and Priests
God and man.

[APZ 43.2] (# apz43.2) # apz43.2 .ref .apz} "Tell someone this name
Kshatriya Brahmins' means one's
Of the Vaishyas, of the saints, of the householders, of the gods, of the people of God
That is.

[APZ 43.3] (# apz43.3) # apz43.3 .ref .apz} "name" means count, mark,
Imposition is the practice, the definition of having a name, the saying, the word. "It will be said."
Is called. Will be published. Is practiced, that is.

[APZ 43.4] (# apz43.4) # apz43.4 .ref .apz} "Name of dead animal
The rest is "filmed, painful, signified, edited, enlightened."
Removes. Abandoned. Disappears and is destroyed. Kim is only practical
Will be left.

[APZ 43.5] (# apz43.5) # apz43.5 .ref .apz "The dead beast is gone.
The defunct "animal" is the animal's human-human puOf Russia
Of the person.

[Msdiv 44] (# msdiv44) # msdiv44 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 6)

[APZ 44.1] (# apz44.1) {# apz44.1 .ref .apz} Mine is the grief of the greedy,
Mourning means not giving up stinginess' means grief caused by the calamity of relatives
Crop Disasters Disease Disorders
Others caused by visual catastrophe or other catastrophes
It is as if the grief of those who have other doctrines of misery has been mourned
Is there grief inside or is there great grief inside or is there burning inside or burning?
Inflammation of the heart, grief, sorrow, grief, grief, grief, grief, grief, grief, grief, grief, grief, grief, grief
Or (here (6-6) (i) from where it originated, 5 words should be used
Should.) From a visual catastrophe or other catastrophe from those who have
Is it the mourning of those who have a different kind of misery than those who have?
Whether it is a mourning word or a word of condolence.

[APZ 44.2] (# apz44.2) {# apz44.2 .ref .apz} "Miserliness" is a miserliness (ii)
Habitat, caste, profit, color, color, Dhamma
That is. Such miserliness is the greedy idea of greedy wealth
Even if there is an increase, this is a frugal method. Again the stinginess of the masses,
It is said that the miserliness of relics, the miserliness of institutions and the taking of severity is miserliness.
(iii) Covetousness is called "greed" (paragraph 1-3)
Should be applied from 'bed' to 'sea of desire')
If there is a greed called Abhidhya, if there is an evil root, that is it

[APZ 44.3] (# apz44.3) # apz44.3 .ref .apz} (i) "considered mine" is me
Two. Lust is ego and vision is ego. (2-6) (ii) (iii) Paragraphs apply
should be. (ii) grieve over the loss of the object to be measured. Lost
Even when mourning. And mourn the loss. The object to be mastered is lost
Mourn with suspicion. Mourn when lost. Mourn the lost. (iii)
(Paragraph 2 should be used instead of Sovanthi in the second paragraph here) Mamayana
Preserves the object of action. Protects. Surrounded. Though I think it is mine. Are sparing.
Without removing the grief of the object taken as mine. Without removing the mourning. Management Miserliness
Without expelling. Without expelling greed. Uncomfortable. Although not made into unborns.

[APZ 44.4] (# apz44.4) {# apz44.4 .ref .apz} "Therefore sages are excluded
Behaved "" see boldness "therefore from that fact
It is from that premise that we look at these derivatives of objects that are maimed from that treasure
Wisdom is what is called "Munihu", a sense of wisdom (2-4) 12
Paragraph should be applied) Numulawak Dhamma Inquiry If there is a consensus view, a
There are three types of sages who have become enlightened sages
Calmness is the calmness of the word, the peace of mind. (ii) Someone in all the world
God-men who know the Dhamma, spiritual, external, bad and good
He is also known as Muni. "Belonging"
There are two strictures on. The harder the desire, the harder the vision
Is to take. (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) should be applied. Munihu lusted hard
Take away the hardening of the vision and give up and give up and calm down
Were manipulated to become unproductive. Held the posture. Ruled. Depended on.

[APZ 44.5] (# apz44.5) # apz44.5 .ref .apz} "You see boldness" is nectar
Nirvana is called bliss. (ii) All those editions were appeased
The one who got rid of all the impurities was the one who got rid of the lust called Viraga called Nirodha
Nirvana.

[APZ 44.6] (# apz44.6) # apz44.6 .ref .apz} "See Fearless"
Those who see security, those who see help, those who see safety, those who do not see, the nectar
They see Nirvana, so the sages give up hardening and attain Nirvana
Daknahu lived.

[Msdiv 45] (# msdiv45) {# msdiv45 .ref .msdiv} [Msdiv 46] (# msdiv46) {# msdiv46
.ref .msdiv (6 - 7)

[APZ 46.1] (# apz46.1) # apz46.1 .ref .apz}
There are no do's and don'ts
Noises, Nose, Smell, Tongue, Taste, Body, Touch, Mind and Dhamma (ie.)
What is the meaning of Muni? (Paragraph (6-7) 4 (ii) should apply.)

Muni was also beyond the web of cravings. Anissito has two associations
Vai is also the association of lust with the association of vision. ("Association" instead of "ego"
Change (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) should be applied) association. Muni's lust
(Iv) Excludes visual contact and does not stick to eyes, ears to nose
Did not stick The tongue does not cling to the body, the mind does not cling to the sound of the image
In the taste of the taste in the taste of the taste in the taste in the taste in the taste in the taste in the taste in the taste in the taste
Robe Pindahara Saturn Sickness Medicine in the Support of Fame in Praise
In the image of the image of the object of the image of the object of the object of the object of the object of the object
Homogeneity in the form of consciousness, in the state of consciousness, in the state of consciousness, in the state of consciousness.
Existing in the past and future in the quadrupedal state of being
In all the Dhammas that go on in the mouth, in the mouth, in the mouth, in the mouth, in the mouth, in the mouth
Non-adherence lives with an unlimited mind.

[APZ 46.2] (# apz46.2) {# apz46.2 .ref .apz} "does not make a difference.
Neither does the state. "There are two parts to pleasure: animals or editors.
How to please animals, (ii) Someone in this world likes to work
A mother or father or brother or sister or son who wants ease and redemption
These are a daughter or a friend or a friend or a relative or a relative of rice
Are pleasing animals. Who are the favorite editors? The images that grow in the mind grow in the mind
These are the editions of sounds, smells, tastes and touches
Are loved ones. (iii) There are two unpleasant points in 'those who do not like'.
(iv) Animals or editors. Who are the nasty creatures? In this world
Destroy the life that likes evil, likes evil, likes hardship, does not like redemption
Like these animals are unpleasant. Who are the unpleasant editors, who are not pleasant
Images are not pleasant Sounds are not pleasant Smells are not pleasant Tastes are not pleasant
Touches These editors are the ones who are unpleasant.

[APZ 46.3] (# apz46.3) # apz46.3 .ref .apz} "neither pleasing nor displeasing
Does not. "I love this creature. I'm glad these editors are growing
This animal is disgusting to me. These editors are happy
Does not mean that those who do not are angrily disliked and do not create nonsense?

[APZ 46.4] (# apz46.4) # apz46.4 .ref .apz} "Mourning or stinginess on him
It does not stick to the paper like water. ”
Means to the weary.

[APZ 46.5] (# apz46.5) # apz46.5 .ref .apz} "Mourning" is a relative disaster
Seal disasters due to or due to crop disasters or disease disasters
Due or malignancyOr due to another catastrophe
The weeping and mourning of the one who has another misery
That is the sad story of crying.

[APZ 46.6] (# apz46.6) # apz46.6 .ref .apz} "miserliness" is miserliness (ii)
Habitat machchariya means caste machchariya, cheap machchariya, color machchariya, Dhamma machchariya.
(iii) whether such an austerity was taken with a strong austerity in mind;
Again (iv) whether it takes mass machhari, relic machhari, institution machhari
It is said to be stingy.

[APZ 46.7] (# apz46.7) # apz46.7 .ref .apz} "Does not stick like water on paper."
The "leaf" of is called the lotus leaf. "Water" means water. Yamse
The water did not stick to the leaf, so the person did not stick to it
The exodus of the unarmed, especially the liberated, closes with an unrestricted mind

[Msdiv 47] (# msdiv47) {# msdiv47 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 8)

[APZ 47.8] (# apz47.8) # apz47.8 .ref .apz} "Is the drop like a lotus leaf"
The drop of water is called the drop of water. Piyum tells the leaf that it is a lotus. Yamse water
Whether the dot does not stick to the piyum leaf or not, the piyum tells the lotus flower.
Irrigation tells water. Yamse water does not hit the lotus flower, it does not stick,

[APZ 47.2] (# apz47.2) # apz47.2 .ref .apz} "
"Thus" in "does not stick to what is thought" is a metaphorical word "Muni"
What tells wisdom (here (2-3) in paragraph 12 (ii) and (2-8) in paragraph 10
Should be applied from place to place of 'Numulavuye' to 14.) Whether lust was excessive
His name is Muni.

[APZ 47.3] (# apz47.3) {# apz47.3 .ref .apz දෙක Two attachments. The attachment of lust
It is also the attachment of vision. (Paragraphs (2-6) 1 (ii) (iii) should be applied here)
This vision is called 'Lepa'. Get rid of lust in Munitha
Excludes visual attachment and does not adhere to "what is seen". Does not cling to 'what is heard'.
'Don't stick to what you think.' Does not stick to the toothpick. Non-stick, non-stick, non-stick
Freeze closes with an unrestricted mind.

[Msdiv 48] (# msdiv48) {# msdiv48 .ref .msdiv} (6 - 10)

[APZ 48.1] (# apz48.1) {# apz48.1 .ref .apz} "Wisdom purifies some hears
What you see is what you do not think (of desire). "
Tells wisdom. Knowledge of some wisdom should apply to paragraphs (2-4) 12 (ii).)

Amohaya Dhamma That's what collecting is all about. Dhona in any case
Wisdom? By that wisdom the body was cleansed of impurity and washed
Whether the impurity has been removed or washed away or whether the mind has been removed and washed away
The lust is gone and washed away. Hatred, delusion, anger, enmity, virtue,
Blame, jealousy, miserliness, deceit, hypocrisy, bigotry, one-on-one
To, dimension, supernatural, apricot, procrastination, all defilement, all defilement, all
Washed out all the burns, all the burns, all the filth, all the filth
Will be received. That is why wisdom is called dhona. Or from a point of view
Superstition was removed and washed away by the myth of the concept of samyak
Concept, a myth from a word, a myth from a word industry
Industry, the myth of the living, the myth of the living, the myth of the conscious
Mindfulness, Samyak Samadhi Mythical Samadhi Samyak Wisdom Mythical Wisdom
The myth of Samyak liberation is that liberation is excluded and washed away.
Or all the defilements and all the impurities in the Aryan Octagonal Path
Inflammation All Inflammation All Inflammation All Disadvantages Collection, Disposal
Both washed and unwashed. Arahant was composed of these Dhana Dhammas.
He removed lust, removed sin, removed impurity and removed burning
Will be.

[APZ 48.2] (# apz48.2) # apz48.2 .ref .apz} "
The Arahant does not think (in terms of lust).
I do not think so. I do not think so. This is what I saw
Don't think. I do not think so. I do not think so. Don’t think of it as what you hear. me
I do not think so. Taken from three instincts) does not think of the mouth.
Don't think in the mouth. Don't think in terms of mouth. Taken by me orally
Don't think. The known does not think. Do not think in what you know. As is well known
Don't think. I don't think I knew. This is by the Blessed One
Was spoken. Sir, this is a weird feeling. This is also a feeling that I am. This
It is a feeling that is and is not a feeling. This is what rupee means
A feeling. It's also a feeling. This is what the Sannyasins are
A feeling. This is also the feeling of being unconscious. Newcomer They are narcissists
Is also this feeling. Mahanai, lust is also a feeling. Stink is also an emotion. Money
(Hula) is also a feeling. Hazard is also a feeling. So mahane, emotionless
We live with the mind and discipline here.

[APZ 48.3] (# apz48.3) {# apz48.3 .ref .apz} "does not seek purity from another"
Wisdom comes from a superstitious path that leads to other kinds of impurity
By a non-narcissistic precept, that is, by a combination of the Satipatthnas
Bodhisattvas, except the chiefs, the limbs, the senses, the powers
Except for the Aryan Octagonal Path, Purity, Purity, Redemption,
Liberation, not liking. Does not wish. Impatient. Not talking about it.

[APZ 48.4] (# apz48.4) # apz48.4 .ref .apz} "He's not sticky, he's not frustrated"
Is all inferior aleth. Sapta Shaikshas from the Kalyana Priesthood
Non-stick. Arahant is not attached. He did not cling to the lust
Raga because the error is due to decay, Veeta is due to error, Moha is due to decay, Moha is due to decay
The abodes he has built are the habitual journeys (alienated racial deaths
Yes) He is not attached.

Jarasuttaniddeso Jatto.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http://pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Ayya Kathrin Vimalañāṇī] editor .editor.
