- Private
- Great Direction
- Attakawaggo

# 16. Shariputra Sutra Recommendation

[Msdiv 190] (# msdiv190) # msdiv190 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 1)

[APZ 190.1] (# apz190.1) # apz190.1 .ref .apz} "I have never seen this before
Received "by the Blessed One from this eye, from this selfhood
This has not been seen before. At one time the Blessed One was in the temple of Thawthisa
The gems in the center of the vise are the sourdoughs that make the parsnips sour.
It means to go down the stairs to Sankassa. This scene is unprecedented.

[APZ 190.2] (# apz190.2) # apz190.2 .ref .apz} "
Kiha "means (i) the junction of the words, the matching of the words and the filling of the words of the letters
Equilibrium. It is an easy word to say. 'Ayushmat' is the sweet word.
"Sariyut" is the name of the chief. Imposition and practice are nomenclature.
The set of words that belong to the etymology. Without hearing from anyone in the field. "
Is a non-going denial. "The" is the phrase used here (i).
Nobody's is a Kshatriya or a Brahmin
Of a Vaishya or a saint or a householder or a devotee
Of God or man.

[APZ 190.3] (# apz190.3) {# apz190.3 .ref .apz} "Such sweet triplets
The Blessed One is "the heart with such sweet words and loving words."
Blessed are the eight-voiced noise that sounds like the sound of words
It comes out of the mouth of the Lord. That is, scattered, distracting, desirable,
A few that need to be heard, not to be outdone, are serious, sleazy. 'For a group of people
Although the Blessed One announced in a tone of voice, His voice to the outsiders was not heard
Spreads. Those Blessed Ones have Brahma tones. Kovul has a voice.
There are also sweet words. 'Shastra' means the sage, the Blessed One
Galnayake will be destroyed. Will the wagon leader himself cross the Yamzee desert, famine?
Crossing the desert, crossing the desert without water, crossing, fearless
In the same way, the Blessed One is the captain of the chariot. Animals
Crosses the desert. Crossing the Nation Desert Crossing the Dirty Desert
Makes. Crosses the Desert of Disease Crosses the Desert of Death Mourning, mourning,
Physical pain, griefS, Tactical Crossing the Desert. Raga crosses the desert.
Hatred, moha, dimensional forest, defilement, crossing And so on. Welfare
Leads to the immortal Nirvana at the end. Thus the Blessed One
The driver (wagon leader) said. Again, the Blessed One is the leader.
Discipline. Imposed. Will make you understand. Balavanaseka explains as follows
Blessed Galnayakaseka Yalidu or Blessed Unborn Road
Generates. The unpaved path will arise. He tells the unspoken way. See the road,
There is guidance. The disciples who followed the path according to the clever path of the path
Are inhabited. Thus the Blessed One is the captain of the chariot.

[APZ 190.4] (# apz190.4) # apz190.4 .ref .apz}
The crowd came to the center "said Blessed Thusitha from the heavens.
It is said that the mind descends to the mother's womb with wisdom and thus from the Thusitha heaven
It means that the crowd came to the center. God bless you again
But they were glad, they were glad, they were glad.
The crowd came from the heavenly world to the center. That is. Arahants again
Even if they say that they are depraved. They are full of joy and happiness
There are those who have ideas in mind. Thusitha also said that he came to the group of Arahants
Heaven came to the center of the crowd because "the crowd" means the crowd
The Blessed One is called "Gani". The group is called "Gani" because it is an ethnography
"Gani" is used by the group because it is a scholar. Warning to the crowd
If "takes" the crowd is instructed to "take". Expert crowd
Comes to "Gani". The crowd listens and obeys His word
The group called "Gani" to raise the mind to become a Rahat
Established "Gani". The group of monks is called "Gani". Bhikkhuni group
The group of worshipers is 'Gani'. The group of worshipers is 'Gani'.
Athenui "Gani" is the royal group Athenui "Gani" is the Kshatriya group
Brahmin Group-Vaishya Group-Shudra Group-Deva Group-Brahmin Group
In fact, it is called Sanghi, Gani, Ganachariya. "Arrived" means to the city of Sankassa
He came.

[Msdiv 191] (# msdiv191) # msdiv191 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 2)

[APZ 191.1] (# apz191.1)# apz191.1 .ref .apz} "To all the world with God"
Is the world with the gods, the dead, the bamboos, the shramana brahmanas
Community means God to men. "Does the omnipotent omniscient seem to exist?"

[APZ 191.2] (# apz191.2) # apz191.2 .ref .apz} Parasatu in Yamse Thautisa Bhavan
The Blessed One sitting and preaching at the Rukamula Pandu Kambala Shailasana
God sees, so do people. Somehow people see, and so does God
Sees. Yamse appears to God, as well as to men. To some people
It seems, and so does God. Yamse is some shramana
It seems that the Brahmins did not put it down. St. Nouveau St.
Peneth. Those who are not sublime appear to be sublime, and those who are not sublime appear to be sublime
Peneth.

[APZ 191.3] (# apz191.3) {# apz191.3 .ref .apz} "Only in gold, silver, etc.
Like earrings made of clay that look like gold and coveted like gold
On the inside of the world, on the outside, on the inside, on the outside.
The Blessed One does not look like this. As the Blessed One has
In fact, it looks like a sack that encloses with a drawstring. Calmed down
Seems calm. The subconscious appears to be subconsciously extinguishing the twin
Seems to be. The Blessed Buddhas have the resources of reason. Strangely prepared
It means no posture. The Blessed One is especially glorious
Ghosh praises Zak Naga Bhavana, Gurulu Bhavana and Yaksha Bhavana
Brahma in Asura Bhavan, Gandharva Bhavan, Maharaja Bhavan and Shakra Bhavan
The same is true in the temple and in the temple of God. Such torment is more torment than that. Again or
The Blessed One was endowed with ten powers and four masters
The Four Noble Truths were the sign of cognition and the sign of Buddha Dhamma
It is seen in glory, power, virtue, perseverance, and wisdom.
Feels famous

[APZ 191.4] (# apz191.4) # apz191.4 .ref .apz}
Vadinnahu is known for the path of enlightenment of the Buddhas in the evening. The bad guys are here
(Near) Hunnah is not as famous as the streets of a dark night. "
"The omniscient of the five" means that the Blessed One has eyes behind the eyes.
Masasin also has eyes. The prophet also has eyes. Penasenda cThere is.
The omniscient eye also has eyes.

[APZ 191.5] (# apz191.5) {# apz191.5 .ref .apz යනු "Remove all darkness"
All Raga Darkness Dvesha Darkness, Moha Darkness, Visual Darkness, Depression Darkness
Darkness, darkness, lack of eyes, ignorance, lack of wisdom, for Nibbana
Non-existence means being removed, appeased, and exterminated.

[APZ 191.6] (# apz191.6) # apz191.6 .ref .apz} "Soil healing
Blessed are those who have come to cling to abandonment
He is incomparable to the priesthood. Lust is insatiable because there is no second
He is invincible by distance. He is absolutely invincible in eliminating lust. Absolutely
He is the one who eliminates hatred. Absolutely disillusioned. that
He said that a woman should not be defiled. That's the way to go
He said. Certainly not impure. A silent summary to Sambodhi
How blessed is the Blessed One who came and ordained?
The Blessed One was a young man, young and black-haired
Adolescence was marked by tears against the wishes of parents at an early age
Do not mourn the cries of the faces All the household pests except the crowd, wives and children
Cut off the pest, gather the pest and remove the hair and put on the kasawat.
Leaving the laity, the priest comes to nothing and behaves alone. Residence
Does. Maintains posture. Controls. Depends. Thus the Blessed One
He is incomparable to the priesthood. “How lucky the Lord is because there is no second
Is it amazing? He was thus ordained, alone in the distant sounds of the forest
Suitable for secretive activities of people who have little noise and no noise
Serves as resting-place monasteries. He behaves alone. Alone.
Is alone. He sleeps alone and behaves alone in the village to suffer. Comes back alone.
Working alone and secretly. Determined to walk alone. Behaving alone. Residence
Does. Exists. Thus the Blessed One is second to none. How
The Blessed One is alone because He has expelled lust
There was no second, no delay, no defilement.
Selfishness resides in the river Nerjara Thera Bo Rukamula Maha Veerneyaya
Doing so is called lustJalini defeats Mara with an army called Bandhu Bandhu
Visattika drove away the lust.

[APZ 191.7] (# apz191.7) # apz191.7 .ref .apz} "Lust is second to none
Sasara, which is very long in manhood, comes from this soul to the other soul and behaves in it
Does not exceed "

"The monk himself has the desire to know and get rid of this derivation of the desire that causes suffering
Mindfulness removes that desire. ”Thus the Blessed One said,“ Desire
He is incomparable in a distant sense. “How Blessed are the Absolute Vitaraga
Is it amazing? Since the lust has been removed, the positive vitaraganu is unbelievable. Hatred
It is unbelievable that there are hatreds that are definitely excluded because they are useless. The illusion is futile
Therefore, it is unbelievable because it is positive. Because the defilements were debilitating
Absolutely without defilement, how blessed is He
Is the road uninhabitable? The Satara Satipatthnas say that it is the one way. Four
Even if the leaders of the Samyak. Even the four limbs. The five senses,
The Panchabalas, the Sapta Bodhisattvas say the Aryan Eightfold Path.

[APZ 191.8] (# apz191.8) # apz191.8 .ref .apz} "Pity Birth Pays
The Blessed One who has the vision of Damana knows the one and only path and comes to Kamadi through this path
Crossed before the flood. Those who cross in the future will cross now. "

Thus the Blessed One went on the one-way path. Thus
The Blessed One is on the path to oneness. How lucky
Is God supernatural? It is unbelievable that a restless body has come to Sambodhi
Bodhi means wisdom in the four ways. Panjindriya, Pannabalaya, Dhamma Vichaya
Sambojyangaya, Vimansa, Sammaditti, this is what the Blessed One said from that Bodhisattva.
He realized that all editors are impermanent. All editors are miserable
Understood. He realized that all Dhammas are infinite. Due to ignorance
Realized that the editors are. (Here (4-5) 4 "know well" means "know."
He understood all that with that Bodhisattva.
Understood and reciprocated. Well understood and come. Touched.
Realized. Thus the Blessed One is an incomparable sage
The enlightenment is well understood. Came to stick. The attachment of is materialism
The attachment of separation from lusts rests cLima also means adherence to serenity.
Came to it. Touched. That's it.

[Msdiv 192] (# msdiv192) # msdiv192 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 3)

[APZ 192.1] (# apz192.1) # apz192.1 .ref .apz} "not associated with lustful vision
The "Buddha" in "to those Buddhas who do not move" is a certain Blessed One
There is no such thing as a doctrine that you have not understood before.
He understood your truth very well. There too he came to omniscience. Also fascinated by powers
Came into being. In what sense is 'Buddha' the name of the Buddha? The Four Noble Truths
It was Nui Buddha who realized the truth. The Buddha is the one who has the understanding of the community
If. The Buddha is the one who has attained omniscience. The Buddha sees everything.
The Buddha is so named because he removed the associations. The Buddha is without impurities. That's it
It is called Buddha because it is Veeta Raga. It is called Buddha because it has absolutely removed ragas.
The name Buddha is because there is a moha that has been removed from the absolute. The Buddha went on the one-way path
If. The Buddha alone is the one who realized the sambodhi. Intelligence
The Buddha is so called because he received the intellect because he was removed. This name "Buddha" is the mother
Not done by. Not done by father but done by brother. Sisters
Not done by. Not done by friendly mods. Not by rice relatives
Not done. Not done by Shramana Brahmins. Not done by the gods.
Blessed is he who has put an end to the enlightenment of the Buddha
The bomula of the Buddhas was manifested with the attainment of omniscience
The charter.

[APZ 192.2] (# apz192.2) # apz192.2 .ref .apz} "Associations" are two nonsense.
Lust is absurd and vision is absurd. What is cravings? About some
Surrounded by lust, confined and marginalized, this thing is mine, that thing
Mine, so much mine, so much mine. Images, sounds, smells, tastes
Touches, blankets, blankets, slaves, goats, sheep, pigs, chickens, elephants, cattle
Velambiyo Fields Hiranya Swarna Gam Niyamgam Kingdoms, Countries, Colonies Warehouses
The square mounds simply mimic the Great Earth and mine. About one hundred and eight
This lust is also insatiable. What is visual inertia, twenty
Tenfold Self Vision, Tenfold Myth Vision, Tenfold
Introspective view, something like this A vision is a vision forest
A desert of vision is an evil thorn in the side of a vision, a vision
Taking a combination is a bad way to go
Is there a wrong path, is there a misunderstanding, is there a pilgrimage,
Whether there is a perversion, whether there is a perversion, the error is correct
This vision is inert, whether there is a take or a certain point of view.
The desires of the Blessed Buddha were quenched by the inertia of vision.

[APZ 192.3] (# apz192.3) # apz192.3 .ref .apz} "Desire Defeat Defeat
By blinking the eyes of the Blessed One, so that the inertia of the eyes may be satisfied
Thoraseka. The ear, the nose, the tongue, the body, the mind, are not attached here to the sound of the image,
In smell, caste, caste, abode, profit, fame, praise, pleasure, chivara,
Pindapathaya, Senasana, Gilanpasa, Behet Pirikara, Kama Dhathu, Idol Dhathu, Arupa
Relic, lust, form, formlessness, sensuality, unconsciousness, neoscience.
Nasal consciousness, monotony, quadrupedal, punctuation, past, future,
In the present time, here are the Dhammas to be seen, heard, and taken orally
Did not cling, removed the defilement, did not come, came out, separated with an unrestricted mind.
Lives.

[APZ 192.4] (# apz192.4) {# apz192.4 .ref .apz} "unmovable"
The Blessed One will destroy the name of Tadi from the ground. (5-8) The first part of paragraph 8
Should be used)

[APZ 192.5] (# apz192.5) # apz192.5 .ref .apz} How the Blessed One Climbed
Kalanui Thadi Veda, the Blessed One transcended lust. The crop was crossed
He said. He crossed all the paths of pilgrimage. He exceeded. The abode where he finished the rain
Have a habit of behaving, have a long way to go, have traveled
He has direction, he has a journey, he has controlled celibacy.
He who has come to a noble vision, has cultivated roads, has paid dirt
He has the realized good, the realized restraint.
There is a sense of grief. The cause of grief was ignorance, the path was paved. Prevention
Revealed, learned to know. Especially worth knowing
It was especially known that there was a raised moat with raised doors. Snatched
There is a door. He lost the lock. You are welcome. TrishSeparated from the river
He said. Removed some elements. It has six elements. There is one protection. Four
He shows redemption in a way. There are different truths to be understood. Not disturbed
Thoughts. There are soothing body edits. Well the fog is heartbreaking.
There is a well-frozen wisdom. Alone. The rain is over. Great man. very
The noble man has come to the noble coming. He does not gather
Do not remove, do not remove, do not remove, do not collect, stay away.
No, not at all. Loosen, does not destroy. Destroyed. Uneducated
(End of discipline) I was there because I was virtuous, uneducated
If it was because it was of samadhi mass, it was of uneducated liberation mass
Because if there was, there would be a mass of uneducated liberation philosophies
If there were. The truth has been compiled. The lust is over.
The fire of defilement was suppressed. In order not to move forward. Redemption
Because he was served. Maitreya is because he has purity
Grace exists because it has purity. Because Muditha has purity
Has been. Since there is purity of optimism, there is a lot of purity
Because he was saved. Because he came to rejoice.
At the end of the mass. The relics are at the end and the institutions are at the end.
At the end of the day. He was at the end of Genesis. Crisis
He was at the end and Bhava was at the end. Samsara is at an end. The discount
Was at the end. He was in the last state. The Blessed One is the last two
He said. He was in the last self.

[APZ 192.6] (# apz192.6) # apz192.6 .ref .apz} "His Western
It is the end of selfishness. He does not have a race of death. There is no rebirth '
Thus the Blessed One ascended. Blessed are those who are saved
The Blessed One's heart was freed from lust, no matter how many times he lived.
Especially saved. Well saved. From hatred to delusion to anger
By enmity, by envy, by jealousy, by stinginess, by deceit,
Cunning, harsh, one-on-one, dimensional, superstitious, apathetic
From procrastination, from all defilement, from all corruption, from all persecution,
All burnsFrom, from all sorrows, from the accumulation of all vices
Freed. Especially saved. Thus the Blessed One was saved
Hence the name Thadi.

[APZ 192.7] (# apz192.7) # apz192.7 .ref .apz ‍ Blessed is it
How do you do that? When the Blessed One is virtuous
Sylvester is called Thadi because it is pronounced. Faith when there is faith
Yes, that's right you can now become known as a Lord of the Rings. At the time of exhaustion
Thaddeus because it is pronounced heroic. When there is concentration
Thaddeus because it is pronounced calm. When there is mindfulness, there is mindfulness
Thadi is because it is pronounced. That is, when there is wisdom, there is wisdom
Thadi is because it is pronounced. When there is science, there is trinity
Thadi is because it is pronounced. When there is cognition, there is cognition
Hence the name Thadi. When there are decimals, it is expressed as decimal
If. Thus the Blessed One is called Thadi because it is manifested. Is hypocritical
"Hypocritical" means "hypocritical"
There are three. (10-5) Paragraph 2 (ii) should be used)

[APZ 192.8] (# apz192.8) # apz192.8 .ref .apz} "Comes to Accountability"
The 'Gana' means the Blessed One has the Gana. It is considered as ethnography '
If. Ganaya is considered as a scholar. If the type is considered to be used. To the gang
If you are warned. If the group is considered to be admonished. Scholarly
If you come to. The group listens to him and listens to him
If you focus on the result. The gang got up with incompetence and skill
If it is established. If the monk is considered to be present. Bhikkhunis
If it really counts. If there are worshipers, then there are worshipers
If Gani is the king, then Gani is the king. If the Kshatriya type is considered to be present.
If there are Brahmins. If the Vaishya type is considered to have. Management Pure
If the type is considered. If there is a Brahma type, then there is a Deva type
If it is true. If the Sangha is considered to be there. The accountant of the genus
Sankassa came to the city

[APZ 192.9] (# apz192.9) # apz192.9 .ref .apz} "Many students in this world
Among "are many Kshatriya Brahmin Vaishyas, Shudras, GruHapathi Pravrajitha
God-man means 'bound' among the bound disciples
That is. "I came to ask questions because I like work," he said
I came up with the benefit of the doubt. Willingness to question
I came. I came back willing to ask questions
Those who benefit from the question are the ones who ask the questions of the questioners
Coming, coming forward, approaching, pirupasana, is also there. Again
Or you have a problem arrival. You too are rich. To say I was interrogated
You deserve to be solved too. Carry this vow.

[Msdiv 193] (# msdiv193) {# msdiv193 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 4)

[APZ 193.1] (# apz193.1) # apz193.1 .ref .apz} "Racism is disgusting
To the bhikkhu who does "means bhikkhu to the bhikkhu of the Pratyagjana Kalyana or
To a disciplined monk. Disgusting means' by birth
Physical from mourning death to grief from disgusting shit
Grief beast vagina grief prehistoric grief grief human grief motherhood
From the sorrows of descent to the sorrows of conception to the sorrows of birth
The grief of being born into submission to others is one's own grief
Grief caused by tactics Suffering caused by the tactics of others
Sadness Sansara Sadness (sadness should be used 1--4 (12) (iii))
Visual distress comes with grief, shame comes with disgust
That is to say.

[APZ 193.2] (# apz193.2) # apz193.2 .ref .apz} "Relaxed Seating"
Sits somewhere on the bed, bed, chair, biceps, leather blanket, leaves
The blankets, carpets, etc. were emptied of seeing these seats inappropriate images
Is rested. Hearing the inappropriate sounds emptied the rest. Inappropriate
The emptiness of the five virtues is the rest. That reclining seat
Rehabilitating means re-serving.

[APZ 193.3] (# apz193.3) {# apz193.3 .ref .apz} "Rukmula grave or"
The root of the tree is the root of the tree. The tomb is the tomb. The caves of the rocks are the rocks themselves
Rocks. Hillside Hillside Hillside Hillside. Located between the rocks
The place is said to be a rocky outcrop.

[Msdiv 194] (# msdiv194) {# msdiv194 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 5)

[APZ 194.1] (# apz194.1) # apz194.1 .ref .apz ෙහි Going up and down the couch
The high and the low are in the ancient great lama beds. Sayanayai Viharaya,
The house with the roof like a gurulu wing, the palace, the hammi and the cave
Says the couch.

[APZ 194.2] (# apz194.2) # apz194.2 .ref .apz} "Some scary facts
"Doctor" means "how much" and "evil"
No matter how big that scary thing is, lions are tigers
Leopards, bears, black bears, wolves, snakes, scorpions
There are also people who have or have not done the wrong thing.

[APZ 194.3] (# apz194.3) # apz194.3 .ref .apz} "The monk himself is somewhat intimidating
Don't be shaken by facts '' means 'something' by some frightening facts
That is. Seeing or hearing horrible things does not make you tremble, nor does it frighten you
He is not afraid. The one who is not afraid is the one who has distant fears
Disappeared lomaharsha means to dwell. Some of the monk's noisy monastery
Don’t be shaken by the scary stuff, which means there’s little noise and little noise
Suitable for leisure, suitable for the secret affairs of empty men
In the convent.

[Msdiv 195] (# msdiv195) # msdiv195 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 6)

[APZ 195.1] (# apz195.1) # apz195.1 .ref .apz යනු "How dangerous is the world"
(14-7) Paragraph 8 should apply) 'In the world' means man in the world.

[APZ 195.2] (# apz195.2) # apz195.2 .ref .apz} "Going in the wrong direction"
Amrita tells the great Nirvana that this is the direction not to go. Some of all those editions
Satisfied all the worlds gave birth to the desire to get rid of the filth that causes birth
Whether Viraga or Nirodha is Nirvana, one has not gone in that direction. This long
Time did not go in that direction. Undead direction (Nirvana) Wishes
Doing so uses a bowl of non-stick oil filled to the brim
Keeps his mind. Going forward in the direction not going
Is going.

[APZ 195.3] (# apz195.3) # apz195.3 .ref .apz} "Someone in danger
Suppresses '' means 'something' suppresses certain threats, subdued
That is to say, to suppress. "In the resting place" means the distant rest, very
Rivers in the distant rock or forestIn the nostrils or in the nostrils
Somewhere sesame is not, and has never been, far removed from humans beyond human limits
In the convent.

[Msdiv 196] (# msdiv196) # msdiv196 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 7)

[APZ 196.1] (# apz196.1) # apz196.1 .ref .apz} 'What kind of words does he have
Wannahuda "means one who is composed of words, which is of note
Vachhi examines the purity of what a paradigm is. Vachhi purity
Who? The truth is that the Mahana here was separated from the lie except for the lie
The truth is, there are no creams that do not suit the world.
Veda is separated from the saying, here is the place to ask for their division
Do not tell them, and do not tell them to divide them
He thus clung to unity in order to support the reconciled in order to reconcile the broken
Rejoicing in unity is the words of reconciliation. Bad words except bad words
Is separated from saying. That word was not like a thorn in the ear, it was pleasing to the ear
Beloved Heartfelt Beloved City Beloved Most People Beloved
Many people like to say such words. Stop saying empty words and be empty
Without words, the discipline of the Dhamma is the best way to do the right thing at the right time
Having an end in time, meaning to be buried in the said mind
The words that cause are the Vedas, from the four errors of the four-word virtue
Says separate words. The two beasts are far removed from the story. Separated
Is. Separated dwells with an unrestricted mind in the Exodus. Ten
Tells the story. Hey how? Stories that inspire a little, stories that make you happy,
Stories of high rest, stories of non-aggregation, heroic stories, virtuous stories,
Samadhi Stories, Wisdom Stories, Liberation Stories, Liberation Wisdom Stories, Satipatthana
Stories, Samyak Main Stories, Riddhi Pada Stories, Sense Stories, Power Stories, Bodhisattvas
Tells stories, path stories, fruit stories, nirvana stories. Discipline in the Word
Protected means faded. This is the purity of the word. What kind of words
That is to say, one who is pure

[APZ 196.2] (# apz196.2) # apz196.2 .ref .apz} "What kind of person is here?
If so, what is the nature of the person who is behaving here?
Criticizes (should) conduct in any sense by any means in a note,
There are do's and don'ts. What’s invisible, someone here
Prostitutes behave where they are. The owner is where the dead women live,
Where the girls live, where the monks live, where the monks live, where the alcohol is
Where Karana resides, he allies himself with kings and royal nobles
There are, theorists and theorists living with a combination of disciples and nuances
Vedas, some of those castes are devout or impatient, eating and drinking
Or with a bad word to monks, nuns, worshipers and nuns
Baninnahu Veda, who likes misfortune, likes evil, likes difficult, nirvana
Disliked doctors, however, serve such castes. Sings. Peas peel. these
If inappropriate behavior. Re-entered the village or the inner house, to the street
Entered goes undisciplined. Elephants, horses, cars, pedestrians
People looking at women, looking at men, looking at princes, looking at princesses
Looking at restaurants, looking at the front of houses, looking up and down
Going looking. This is also invisible and can be seen again with the naked eye.
Will take connotations. (14-8) 1 (ii) etc.)
Yedunahu is. This is also invisible. The five lusts are incomprehensible.

[APZ 196.3] (# apz196.3) # apz196.3 .ref .apz} "Sir, the subject is named
(Belonging to others) not behaving in the invisible, called the subject (belonging to others)
The killer is allowed to behave in the unseen. The killer gets the target. To the monk
What is the invisibility of the subject? (ii) They are some of the five virtues. That 's it
which? Acts that bring fulfillment femininity preferred pleasurable lusts
Images to be seen with the eyes, sounds to be heard with the ears, tastes to be felt with the tongue,
Cain says that these are the touches to be experienced, mahane, invisible. Where is the pasture?
(Here 3 (ii) should be changed to 'Is not the paragraph' used.) Four
Satipatthna is accessible.

[APZ 196.4] (# apz196.4) # apz196.4 .ref .apz} "Sir, the subject of your father
Behave in the so-called Gochara, in the Gochara named subject of one's father
The killer does not allow the behavior. The killer has no purpose. Mahanai, to the monk
What is the subject of one's father? Some of those four Satipatthnas. any
Fourth, gentlemen, here is the gentleman who defiles himself.වණැත්ත
Does the mind live by looking at the body according to the body, away from intense greed and sadness?
The mind of the mind, the Dhamma of the Dhamma, the Dhamma of the Dhamma,
Do you live by looking? Mahanai, this is the monk's access to his father.
This is also said to be accessible. He is a man of such perseverance.

[APZ 196.5] (# apz196.5) # apz196.5 .ref .apz} "What a virtuous person
What kind of virtuous person is he?
Virtuous in what form, in what form, in what resemblance
Purity is questioned. What is virtuous purity? There is also virtue and virtue. (
(3-3) Paragraph 2 should be used.)

[APZ 196.6] (# apz196.6) # apz196.6 .ref .apz} "This is virtuous purity.
What kind of virtuous person would you be? ”
"That gentleman with the fatigue that started" really means the aspiring soul
The fatigue that started is really there. Strong-willed, relentless,
It means one who has the unconditional courage in the virtues of the unwilling will.
Retransmitted or sent selfhood really means. Sent for something (mind and
Courage) places in selfishness, truth, character, and matter
If it is in place, that is, all edits are impermanent (4-5) 4 'all
From the place of 'Editors' to 'Know the Dhamma well' means 'sent sent to the truth'
Should be changed and used) Existent and sent mind is really to the monk
Prithvijana refers to the Kalyana Bhikkhu or the Bhikkhu who is disciplined to become a Rahat.

[Msdiv 197] (# msdiv197) # msdiv197 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 8)

[APZ 197.1] (# apz197.1) # apz197.1 .ref .apz} "What a discipline
Celebrate "means to observe and recite any discipline in the same manner
"Agreed minds have learned minds" have minds that do not run for these purposes
It means having a calm mind and a calm mind. Samatha, Samadhindriya, Samadhi
Power, Samma Samadhi means "Wise, Wise, Wise, Wisdom
Enough, that is. "Mindful" means mindful of four things. According to the body of the body
Since the Satipatthna of seeing grows, the mind is in the mind, which sees according to the pain of suffering
The establishment of Dhamma-based mindfulness in mind-viewing Dhammas grows Nui mindfulness
If so, he is consciousIs available.

[APZ 197.2] (# apz197.2) # apz197.2 .ref .apz යනු "Celebrate any discipline"
Criticizes superficial discipline. Nipaka or Panditha is the critique of super-wisdom discipline.
Mindfulness is the critique of purity. That is.

[APZ 197.3] (# apz197.3) # apz197.3 .ref .apz} "Blacksmith blows silver
Like Harinnak, "karmara" means goldsmith. Silver means silver
Says the goldsmith Yamse, whether the silver is an olfactory bulb or a mediocre rust;
The monk blows his own olfactory impurities, just as the delicate flower blows.
Moderate Defilement Cleanses Subtle Defilement Removes, Removes, Infertility
Leads to. Again, the bhikkhu himself has his own Raga Malaya, Dveshamala, Moha Malaya, Mana Malaya,
Visual acuity, impurity, impurity, blindness, blindness, ignorance,
Lack of wisdom, destructiveness, proves that Nirvana does not exist,
Removes, distances, makes unproductive. Again or in terms of consensus
Superstition blows. Removes. Away. Leads to infertility. good
Thought, mythical thought is a word, mythical word, a word
Myth from industry, industry from myth, myth from life, myth from life
Exercise is a mythical exercise, good mindfulness is wrong mindfulness. A sum
Concentration is the myth of samadhi, Samyak is the delusion of wisdom, Samdha is the delusion
Liberation of the mythical liberation, pimping away, distancing, not to be born
Pamunuwai means.

[Msdiv 198] (# msdiv198) # msdiv198 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 9)

[APZ 198.1] (# apz198.1) # apz198.1 .ref .apz} "
Is it easy? "To the abomination, to the abomination of the nation
The one who hates shit, the one who hates disease, hates death
To the doer, to the abomination of sorrow, to the mourner, to the mourner, to the mourner,
Disgusting from tricks, relatives, crops, diseases, virtues, visual calamities
It means those who do trouble and those who are ashamed.

[APZ 198.2] (# apz198.2) # apz198.2 .ref .apz} "Is that a convenience"
Easier said than done. What is convenience? A sum
Antithesis, antithetical antithesis, antithetical antithesis, alias antithesis,
Dharmanudharma Pratipada, the completion of virtues, the closed door of the senses
Is that (snare) around the meal?Bathing, sleep deprivation, mindfulness and mindfulness
Wisdom, the Four Satipatthnas, the Four Noble Truths, the Four Rdhipadas,
Pentacles, Pentacles, Sapta Bodhisattvas The Aryan Eightfold Path,
Nirvana Nirvana Gamini Pratipada means this ease
'Shariputra' is the name given by the Blessed One to that Thero
Do. 'Blessed' is a word of honor (7-2 (i) means Blessed
Should be used from places.) 'Resting seats are definitely shaded if the seats
Sit somewhere and that seat is (14-1) 4 from where you sit
Should be used.) The rest of the monasteries are sought after associates.

[APZ 198.3] (# apz198.3) # apz198.3 .ref .apz} "
Whether it is a Dharma or not, 'Sambodhi' is the wisdom of the four ways
Wisdom, Wisdom Power, Dharmavicha Sambodhiyanga, Vimansa Vipassana,
Samyak means vision. Understand that understanding and reciprocate the desire
Touch the will to come to the will and reflect the will
Wishfulness means "a kind of admonition" which are the adjectives of the Bodhisattva
These are the Samyaka Pratipada, the Anuloma Pratipada, the Dharmanudharma Pratipada.
Even the so-called Bodhisattvas. In the antecedents of the re- or four-way
Vidarshana. It is said that these are the sub-dharmas of the Bodhi

[APZ 198.4] (# apz198.4) # apz198.4 .ref .apz} "How do you know it?
"It" in "I will say" is the Dhamma of Bodhi
I will preach, I will set, I will lay, I will open, I will divide, I will declare
I will, I will declare. "How do you know" means how do you know, how
Realized that this is so, so heard or not passed down from generation to generation
Not at all. Not in part because of knowing or reasoning. Not because of theory.
Think of a way or not. Not through vision. By himself
If he has a well-known doctrine, he will say so.

[Msdiv 199] (# msdiv199) # msdiv199 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 10)

[APZ 199.1] (# apz199.1) # apz199.1 .ref .apz} "The Fear of Wisdom
Fearless "means the wisdom of the 'wise and intelligent hero'
The fivefold is not afraid. Will not be terrorized. Is fearless.
WoolWill not be caught. A person who has nothing to fear and nothing to fear
Is.

[APZ 199.2] (# apz199.2) # apz199.2 .ref .apz} "Conscious (virtuous)
The bhikkhu who behaves in the corner is the "bhikkhu" of the primordial kalyanaka or
The monk. There are four things that a disciplined or bhikkhu who is a Rahat has in mind
Mindfulness means. If there is mindfulness, mindfulness is established according to the body of the body.
In the Dhamma of looking at the mind according to the mind, there is the mind that looks at the pain according to the pain
According to the Dhamma, mindfulness is established, if there is mindfulness. He is conscious
Says. "Behavior in the corner means there are four corners.
The end of the senses, the end of the senses around the meal, the end of the sleep deprivation
That is. What is the end of the syllable? There is a great silence here. Greetings and
Goratya was the one who was afraid of the slightest mistake, Prathimoksha
The swearing by swearing is thought to be impure within the discipline by observing the precepts
Doing so acts as an inner virtuous edge. The limit is unbroken. This is virtuous
The end.

[APZ 199.3] (# apz199.3) {# apz199.3 .ref .apz කවර Where is the sensory end?
Here the nobleman does not see the image with his own eyes and does not take omens or shapes
For some reason this eye is a very greedy person who lives indiscriminately
Do the laic akushala dhammas follow him, to the tune of the sense organ called the eye
Is coming. He hears the sound in his ears and sniffs the scent through his nose and tastes it with his tongue
Does not the mind know the Dhamma by touching and touching?
Veda is severe for those who live in a state of incontinence for any reason
Do you follow the mundane doctrines of greed and sorrow in order to curb it?
Adheres to. Protects the senses. Comes to the forefront of the mind
Remembering the "Adittapariyaya" formula, the inner senses behave at the apex.
The limit is unbroken. The edge of feeling around the meal
which? Here the Mahana wise servant thinks and eats the food. Not for sports.
Not for power or masculinity. Not for the sake of beauty. To some extent the existence of this body
In order to protect the crocodile in order to get rid of stomach ache in order to survive. Thus old
I will put an end to all suffering, and I will not bring forth new pain. In my foursome
Existence and correctness and living comfortablyIt is considered and eaten. Her medicine 'Gama
Closure of the ulcer is thought to be the son-in-law feeling about the meal inside
Behaves in the corner, does not break the limit, is the edge of feeling around this meal. Sleep
What is the end of the expulsion? The sewing day here is covered by walking and sitting
(Obstacles) Purifies the mind from Dhammas. Midnight walk is close by
Keep in mind that the sign of the resurrection of the wise is on the right hand side
Seyya does. Getting up on the last walk of the night and walking and sitting
Purifies the mind from covering doctrines. Thinking of staying the same night in love
This sleep deprivation does not break the limits of behavior on the inside sleep deprivation corner
The end of doing. Dahlia drinking flies and other flies and reptiles
'Dole-eating flies' means 'bone flies'. All the other flies
The swarm of flies. By no means do I want to convey that I recommend for the mother to be inactive
Says. They fly away and come back and eat. Closing before the aqueduct
They say flies. "Sirinsapa" means serpents. 'The touch of men
Human touch is the so-called karma of whether it is about or about animals
Or there are thieves or other people who have not done karma, they are from a monk
Questions or inquiries, debates or quarrels, insults, insults
They say, they are angry, they persecute, they kill, of certain people.
Whether it is a bump or a death, it is human touch.

[APZ 199.4] (# apz199.4) {# apz199.4 .ref .apz යනු "About beasts"
Lions, tigers, leopards, bears, black bears, wolves, wolves
These are. They oppress, oppress, and persecute people
They do, they bite, they kill. The trouble with animals is nothing
Some fourfold.

[Msdiv 200] (#msdiv200) {#msdiv200 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 11)

[APZ 200.1] (# apz200.1) {# apz200.1 .ref .apz} "About heretics
He will not be afraid of their fears, except for the righteous and the righteous
Those who are unhappy in the gem of any Buddha, Dhamma, Sangha are heretics
Saw. They ask questions of the monk. Come to the debate or.
බණින්නාහුය. They are insulting. They are angry, they persecute, they persecute
Do, harass, killIs. Seeing and hearing their fears and horrors
Will not be shaken. Do not panic. Do not be afraid. Is fearless. Wool
He is not a coward, he is not a runaway, he is not a coward
Is. That is to say, he is a possessor of discarded wool.

[APZ 200.2] (# apz200.2) {# apz200.2 .ref .apz} "and other must be suppressed
What dangers are suppressed "and the undercurrents that must be suppressed by others
Things have to stop. "Hazard" is of two parts. Prominent threat
(14-7) (paragraph 8 (9) should be used)
If there are threats.

[APZ 200.3] (# apz200.3) {# apz200.3 .ref .apz} "seeks merit"
Samyak Pratipadawa Anuloma Pratipadawa, Aviruddha Pratipadawa Anavartha
Pratipada, Dharmanu Dharma Pratipada Aryanya Eightfold Path, Nirvana,
Those who seek the path of Nirvana should also curb the menace.
Should be suppressed. Should be pressed. That is.

[Msdiv 201] (#msdiv201) {#msdiv201 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 12)

[APZ 201.1] (# apz201.1) {# apz201.1 .ref .apz} "Disease and starvation
'Disease' means that which is diseased. Eyes
Is diseased. Is a person with ear disease. From nasal disease
Is a fit. The tongue is diseased. Body disease (14-6)
8 Headache is a disease that should be used in place of "these diseases")
Atamassoya, air, sun, long species
Is. 'Hunger' means hunger. Is hungry
That is.

[APZ 201.2] (# apz201.2) # apz201.2 .ref .apz} "Tolerates cold and extreme heat"
Winter is winter for two reasons. The relics inside are furiously cold.
Outside it is seasonal or cold. Heat is heat in two ways.
Internal relics are heated to a boil. Outside seasonally or hot
That is enough. Be patient, be patient. Cold, heat, hunger,
Thirsty flies, mosquitoes, air, sun, long nations
Born of the words that come from the evil that is said to be evil by their touch as well
The harsh rough bitterness of physical pain and suffering
The words of the slain are also tolerant.

[APZ 201.3] (# apz201.3) {# apz201.3 .ref .apz} 'From the same touch
Much of Madanaladde does not allow for consecrated consciousness. Or body
It means that there is no room for immorality of speech, immorality of mind.
Some Chaitanya Veerya begins with "Veerya intensifies the superpower"
Is it heroic or heroic? Moving forward, hard work, hard work,
Effort, perseverance, courage, perseverance, unrelenting effort
Unconditional will, courage to persevere, perseverance, perseverance,
Fatigue Strength, Exercise, Exercise Strongness
That is

[Msdiv 202] (# msdiv202) # msdiv202 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 13)

[APZ 202.1] (# apz202.1) # apz202.1 .ref .apz} "does not steal.
Does not mean "does not steal" is not given by the noblest owner here
A person who separates from stealing without taking what is given takes what is given
What he likes is not to steal, but to cover himself with pride, not to steal
That is

A liar is someone who has given up lying and separated from lying
Is. Truth is the word that matches the truth Unclosed words are words to be believed
That is, the world is not deceived.

[APZ 202.2] (# apz202.2) # apz202.2 .ref .apz} "
All living beings, whether permanent Arahants or not, are spread by compassion. "
Maitreya is a kind or sympathetic attitude towards animals
Feeling we have 'Run out of gas' emotionally
That is the consequence of an interconnected world. " Someone's scary
Was not lust vanished or was the cause of one's fears and apprehensions vanished (then)?
No matter what the cause, they are terrified. Especially
Terror, fear, and panic. That fact goes to terrorism
Saw. 'Permanent' means that one's terrifying desire is futile
One's fears and anxieties are futile (then) unstable by any means,
They are not terrorists. Unshakable. Not afraid. Does not come to panic.

[APZ 202.3] (# apz202.3) {# apz202.3 .ref .apz} "
He spreads compassion to all beings, whether they are Arahants or not. "
Compassion for the Priests and ArahantsWill spread. Compassionate
The mind is large, immense, full of hatred, free from anger
Does.

[APZ 202.4] (# apz202.4) # apz202.4 .ref .apz} "Feeling weird at times
If you know, "at some point" means at some point. "Mind" means mind, mind,
Heart, Panadara, Manayatana, Vignaya, Vignanaskandaya Tajjaya Psychological Relic
These are the names of the mind. The mind is disturbed by physical depravity. Shake, collide,
Frightened, not calm. From the depravity of the word, from the depravity of the mind, from the lust,
Hatred, delusion, anger, hatred, virtue, self and self
By thinking equally, by jealousy, by being stingy, by deceit, by hypocrisy, by
From moment to moment, from dimension to dimension, from dimension to dimension, from delay to all
From defilements, from all defilements, from all thirst, from all burns
From, from all the sorrows, from all the inauspicious collections
Will be. Confused. Shakes. Collide. Not St. Of the mind at some point
If you know that you are upset, you know that you are upset. Knows well. Understanding
Does.

[APZ 202.5] (# apz202.5) දැන # apz202.5 .ref .apz} "Know the party of the devil
'Kanha' in Durukaranya means a certain mara. Lord of the ears, Antagu bowed
Pamathabandhu is the killer. Kanhaya's party is the party, Marapasa,
Marabiliya, Akushala Party Maramisha, Mara Subject, Mara House, Maragocharaya, Mara
The bond is removed and calmed. Makes it unproductive. This is also Mara's
Expels the party. Again or Kanha's party Marapaksha Akushala party grief
To go to the vagina of the beast that caused the torment of hell
That is, it removes the cause of the pre-existing subject.

[Msdiv 203] (# msdiv203) {# msdiv203 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 14)

[APZ 203.1] (# apz203.1) {# apz203.1 .ref .apz} 'Anger and supernatural fascination
Does not go "if the anger of a certain mind has anger or hatred?
((10-3) Paragraph 1 should be applied.) Whether there is violence or shedding tears,
If there is unhappiness in the mind, it is superstition
By tribe or caste or body color or wealth ((3-2) 5 (ii)
Should be used) separately or insulting the other
“Anger hDoes not succumb to the temptation of the supernatural "means anger and the temptation of the supernatural
Will not go. Removes anger and superstition. Calms down. Into the unborn
Leads, that is.

[APZ 203.2] (# apz203.2) # apz203.2 .ref .apz} "Roots are uprooted"
What is the origin of the wrath of God? The root of ignorance, the root of wise meditation,
I am exalted 'is the root of pride, the root of shamelessness of sin, the root of fearlessness of sin, the mind
Anxiety is the root, the root of this superstition. "It simply came to our notice then
Sarah snatches, quotes, quotes, removes, calms,
Is made unproductive, that is.

[APZ 203.3] (# apz203.3) # apz203.3 .ref .apz} "Back to the object or
Suppressing the unpleasant object will definitely suppress it. "
Is the word junction and word matching. Filling in the blanks. That the verses are silly. Of verses
Order. This means "back". "Favorites" are precious objects
Two parts. Animals or editors. Who are the favorite animals? his
Like work, like comfort, like freedom, mom or dad
Brother or sister or son or daughter or friends or ministers or relatives
Whether they are relatives of rice or not, these animals are the favorite editors
Who are these images, sounds, smells, tastes, and touches?
Are. The "dislikes" of these editors are two dislikes
Are. Animals or editors. Who are the nasty creatures, here are his
Likes certain misdeeds, likes dislikes, likes disasters, dislikes freedom, loses life
These animals are disgusting, even if they like it. Who are the unpleasant editors?
There are unpleasant images, sounds, smells, tastes and touches. This is unpleasant
Editors. "Absolutely" is a positive word. Certainly not two opinions
The word. Theoretical words go. Is the word that does not change. This is definitely going to go away.
"Again, suppressing the pleasant object or the unpleasant object is definitely suppressed
Exists are the pleasant, the unpleasant, the sweet, the bitter, the fragrant, the pleasant
The saddest wishful thinking suppresses, suppresses, suppresses,
That is.

[Msdiv 204] (# msdiv204) {# msdiv204 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 15)

[APZ 204.1] (# apz204.1) {# apz204.1 .ref .apz} "Kalyana with joy
මForemost Wisdom "means whether a wisdom is called Pajanana or Vicha,
That is wisdom, whether it is called Pavicha, Dhammavicha, Amoha, Samma Ditti.
Foresight is the wisdom that some person here puts forward
A flag is made of wisdom, a flag is made, wisdom is made a ruler,
The test is multiplied. Search is plentiful, well-searched is plentiful
What has been done is that the behavior of cognition has been multiplied by the characters
The fact is that it is respected, it is bent towards it, it is bent towards it, it is leaned towards it and clings to it
It is dominant, and so is wisdom. Again or forward
On the way back and here it is well minded. In eating, drinking, and breaking
He is also mindful of taste. There is a good mind to defecate.
In walking, in standing, in sitting, in sleeping, in waking.
There is good mindfulness in speaking and in silence. In this way also wisdom comes first
That is. “Kalyana joy is the joy of remembering the Buddha
Even if a bliss is born, by remembering the Dhamma, by remembering the Sangha, virtuous remembrance
Doing, remembering the gift, remembering twice, remembering the pain
By doing, by remembering the breath, by remembering death,
As the body subconsciously subconsciously rejoices. It's Kalyana
Joy.

[APZ 204.2] (# apz204.2) {# apz204.2 .ref .apz} "eliminates that threat"
The hazards are two hazards. Prominent danger or insurmountable danger
That is. ((14-7) (8-9) paragraphs should be used.)
"Eliminates that menace" means eliminates that menace, suppresses, subdues
Will be.

[APZ 204.3] (# apz204.3) # apz204.3 .ref .apz} "dislike of suitable convent
Will drive away. "Dislike" means "dislike, dislike,"
Is there frustration, is there terror? In appropriate convents
Dispels dislike of monasteries or other religions. Suppress
Will be held. Suppresses. Crushing.

[APZ 204.4] (# apz204.4) # apz204.4 .ref .apz} "The Four Noble Truths
Will expel. "
Maintains, subdues, that is.

[Msdiv 205] (# msdiv205) {# msdiv205 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 16)

[APZ 205.1] (# apz205.1) # apz205.1 .ref .apz} "What do I eat?
What do I eat?
Budinnemda rice or pittu or bread or fish or a month or whatever
Whether I eat it or not, it depends on the Kshatriya caste
In the Brahmin caste or in the Vaishya caste or in the Shudra caste

[APZ 205.2] (# apz205.2) # apz205.2 .ref .apz} "I slept sadly. How today
Will I sleep? ”This night on the grass on the mat or on the mat or in the leather shop
I slept on a blanket or a sheet of leaves or a sheet of straw. Coming night
Where to sleep comfortably in bed or chair or pillow, pillows
In a bed or in a temple, or in a house or palace with a roof like the wings of a guru
It means a very high castle or a cave. "These Weeping Arguments"
"These Arguments" means both of these Arguments about Pindapatha
The two arguments about whether the weeping nature is the weeping nature,
Of a mourning nature, that is.

[APZ 205.3] (# apz205.3) # apz205.3 .ref .apz} "malware (without threat)
Discipline is discipline. ”By what means is“ discipline ”?
Discipline is discipline. What is discipline? In hyperhidrosis
Discipline. Discipline is also in the higher mind. Discipline is also in the super-wisdom. Superficial
What is the discipline, ((2-4) 1 (ii) 2, applied to the supernatural discipline?
Should.) This is the discipline of super-wisdom. Remembering these three disciplines,
Knowing, looking, looking wisely, remembering, the mind is determined,
Discipline frees faith, hardens hardness, sets the mind
Discipline is what wisdom knows, and what is to be known is what is to be known
What you need to know in particular is whether you know discipline or how to get rid of mischief.
The more you grow, the more you demonstrate, the more disciplined you become
Behavior, whether well-behaved or disciplined, is called "discipline" in that respect.
In order to discipline, to expel, to persecute, to appease
In order to be disciplined, one must be disciplined. high
Discipline in wisdom too. Discipline reminds us of these three disciplines. Know
Discipline. DistanceThe more you grow, the more you grow
The right person proves to be disciplined. Behaves well.
Celebrating, that is. Here's how "pesticide" is pesticide
Some people have a caste pest, a genus of habitat, a Chivara
Pesticides, Pindapatha pests, Senasana pests, Sick medicine
The pest is. Thus becomes a pest. How irrational,
The noblest caste here was not a pest, but a genus, a habitat
Pests from Chivara Pests from Pindapatha Pests from Senasana Pests
Whether or not the ambulance was medicated and pest-infested, as follows
"Malignant Chari" was.

[APZ 205.4] (# apz205.4) {# apz205.4 .ref .apz} "Went to Magadha, to Kosol
Gone. Some went to a foreign country. Like deer that do not stick to one place
The monks live without pests, but the behavior is good. It is good to do good.
Pest-free behavior is always a good thing, pradakshinakarma
These are the Shramana Dhammas of the Immaculate. The most ignorant of the learned
Is, is.

[Msdiv 206] (# msdiv206) {# msdiv206 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 17)

[APZ 206.1] (# apz206.1) # apz206.1 .ref .apz} "Food at the right time
"Food" means "bread", fish, meat.
"Clothing" means a robe of affection. The cotton yarn was woven from cotton
Made of woolen cloth, woven from linen, broken
The six who are to be named receive food and clothing at the right time, and receive robes
Pindapathaya received (paragraph 2 should apply here (14-0))

[APZ 206.2] (# apz206.2) # apz206.2 .ref .apz} "Here's to the same great happiness
Knows size. "Knowing size is two things in size
Knows, by acceptance and by consumption. How much to accept
You know, when you give even a little, you feel sorry for the castes
Accepted for kularaksha. To be used by the body when given too much
Adequate robe is accepted. A bowel movement sufficient for the use of the stomach
Accepted. The extent of this recognition is known. How much to consume
Do you know Wisely examines and consumes robes. Kills heat to kill winter
In orderTouches of mosquitoes and wind-blown species that feed on dahlias
In order to kill, to always face shameful places

[APZ 206.3] (# apz206.3) # apz206.3 .ref .apz} "
Consumes. Not for sports. Not for the sake of male overgrowth. In order to decorate
Not at all. To some extent, in order to sustain this body, it is necessary to protect the crocodile
Is. Thus I will put an end to the old affliction. I will not cause new suffering. Mine
Consumption considers the existence of the four postures to be correct and to live comfortably
Does. Wisdom tests and consumes Saturn. In order to kill the winter, kill the heat
In order to kill the touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun and snakes
It is also meant to cling to the mind's consensus in order to kill the fear of the seasons in danger.
The patient is examined wisely and the medicine is administered intravenously. Always to the body
Sick medicine because it is great to be healthy to relieve the suffering
Pirikara eats. Thus the extent of consumption is known.

[APZ 206.4] (# apz206.4) {# apz206.4 .ref .apz} "That monk knows the size"
Knows the magnitude of these two facts. Will know. Understands.

"To be happy here is to have a robe that is the most beautiful here
Happy. What are the virtues of being happy with the robe you receive? Robes
Does not return an unsuitable search due to. A robe that does not move without a robe
The wisdom of Exodus was found in the greedy, the greedy, the greedy, the greedy.
Is consuming.

[APZ 206.5] (# apz206.5) {# apz206.5 .ref .apz ලැබ Get a coat or (ii)
He does not place himself in high places because of happiness. Does not insult others. That 's it
A bhikkhu who excelled there was not lazy but had a good mind, this bhikkhu
It was in the Aryan dynasty that the ancient superior was supposed to be. (iii) Re-sewing
Koiyam or Pindapatha was happy. ((Ii) should be used here.)
Re-mahana is also happy with a koiyam or consolation. (Use (ii) here
Must) be happy to be back on the couch or on the sidelines
((Ii) should be used here.)

[APZ 206.6] (# apz206.6) # apz206.6 .ref .apz} "The same results
The subject is a person who travels in the village, ”he said
ResultsThe subject faded "in the seat of the Pindapatha of the Chivara
This is how he protected the patients in the hospital
Protected means "a village traveler" in some way
The discipline of the village was guarded by the fact that Sanwaravu was.

[APZ 206.7] (# apz206.7) {# apz206.7 .ref .apz} "Also (by someone else) insult
What is done does not speak evil words. "
Insulted, insulted, insulted (with)
Does not say. Does not curse. The aggressor will not retaliate.
Kipennahu does not return to anger. He does not retaliate against the perpetrators. Quarreled
The doers will not retaliate, nor will they be punished. Does not analyze.
Does not argue. Does not quarrel. Violent quarrels leave debates.
Removes. Calms and leads to infertility. Quarrelsome debates riot
Is a distant one from Yang. The separation was especially detached from the exit
Closes with an unrestricted mind.

[Msdiv 207] (# msdiv207) # msdiv207 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 18)

[APZ 207.1] (# apz207.1) ඇස් # apz207.1 .ref .apz} "Have eyes peeking out?
It's a no-brainer. "
Really? Some monks here like to see many things. (14-8) 1
(i) The paragraph should be used) How can a person have eyes that are not looked down? (Not
(14-8) 1 (i) (ii) should be used) 'A person who does not travel unnecessarily
(14-11) Paragraph 2 should be used)

[APZ 207.2] (# apz207.2) {# apz207.2 .ref .apz} "
Does it often deprive you of sleep? "
Two means meditated. The unborn first meditation was born or practiced,
Engaged in the birth of the unborn secondary school or engaged in the third school, the fourth
Dhyana was engaged in the practice of giving birth to or being engaged in meditation in the same way.
Rebirth or rebirth is often consumed and grows more abundantly. Thus
Meditation consists of birth or secondary meditation, tertiary meditation,
The Four Noble Truths are often consumed and grown. It grows abundantly. Thus also by meditation
Was. “Most sleep deprivation is a sewing day walk here
From the cover-ups of sitting (with) Purifies the mind. First night
Yamaya purifies the mind from covering dhammas by sitting in a walk. Night
The idea of getting up in the middle of nowhere is to keep the foot together and mindfulness
Keeps in mind that the right side does the Sihaseyya. Get up late last night
Sitting still purifies the mind of covering doctrines.

[APZ 207.3] (# apz207.3) සිත් # apz207.3 .ref .apz} "Agreed Hearts
The "neglect" of the truth is the neglect of the Four Noble Truths. Moderate.
Intermediate viewing. Peace of mind is the soothing of the mind. The mind is neutral.
'Agreed mind' means' some kind of restraint in the mind, a deposit, a commotion
No, it is not a matter of samadhi, samadhi, samadhi, samadhi
"There is a mind that agrees because of neglect" means that which agrees because of neglect in the Four Noble Truths
The mind is there, the mind is unbroken, the mind is not troubled.

[APZ 207.4] (# apz207.4) # apz207.4 .ref .apz} "Argumentation and Eroticism
If the "argument" in "repentance dries up" is a new commentary on eroticism,
Business Argument, Violence Argument Relative Argument Folklore Argument, Amara
Argument Argument about showing compassion to others Thanksgiving care
These are the new arguments, the argument about not liking the argument. Lust
The lust of the commentators is the existence of the mind. Business Signs of Business Interpreters
The existence of the mind. Violence is the very existence of the mind of torture commentators. Again or
Ignorance of the concepts of arguments is the existence of the mind wisely
To do is to exist in the mind. The superior thinking dimension is the existence of the mind and not being afraid of sin
The existence of the mind. Anxiety is the existence of the mind. "Cuckoo" means, (10-3) 4
(i) The paragraph should be used.)

[APZ 207.5] (# apz207.5) # apz207.5 .ref .apz} "Eroticism and Lust
The signal and the cuckoo will be extinguished. ”
Destroys, cuts, dispels, expels, quenches
That is to say.

[Msdiv 208] (# msdiv208) {# msdiv208 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 19)

[APZ 208.1] (# apz208.1) වච # apz208.1 .ref .apz} "
The graduates or teachers were accused of being "really happy"
Or similar graduates or similar professors or friendsRanno
Or associates or accusers. (How) Avathni, this is not necessary. this you
Bad, this is bad for you, this is not for your nature.
Mindfulness pleases that accusation. Will rejoice. Approved,
Like, wish, that is, a man or a woman
Upul Mal, who was young, was adorned from head to toe
Receive a garland or a garland of Idda flowers or a Yohombu garland
"Uttamanga is happy to put it in his head and likes it
Is. He wants to be mindful of this accusation.

[APZ 208.2] (# apz208.2) # apz208.2 .ref .apz} "Compassion is the fault of others
Appropriate punishment for a minor offense and a warning
It is as if the great treasures were filled with gold
The service of a wise man. Unless anyone is volunteering to come up with a pretty template?
There is nothing wrong with that. ”Avoiding the evil of admonishing others.
The best friend in the world is the one who is good to the bad
Disgusting. "

[APZ 208.3] (# apz208.3) {# apz208.3 .ref .apz} "Strictness on subconscious
Will drive away. The subrahmachari of means to do sangha karma together
It means that there is a discipline similar to that of Pratimokshadhi. Subrahmanya
Removes congestion on. Is a thorn in the side of the savages
Removes such a hard heart. Removes the thorns of the heart. Called Raga
Hula Dwesha, Hula Moha, Hula, means to break. With a wise mind
The tepul produced does not say words beyond the time and the time of virtue
Says words of wisdom. Suitable for a time of meaningful doctrine
Says words with an end. Time is the time of the day and the time of the virtuous
Who? Words that are outdated do not say words that are outdated. Time and
Do not say words that are out of date and do not say words that are not in time. On time
He does not say words that do not come. He does not say words that do not come at two o'clock.

[APZ 208.4] (# apz208.4) # apz208.4 .ref .apz} Absolutely someone's time
When he was not there, he would say certain things over time like a cowboy
He will die by himself. This is the time. Is virtuousWhere is Lava? Lustful words
Do not say, do not say words of hatred, words of delusion
Does not lie, does not lie, does not utter evil words,
Does not say empty words, does not express, does not practice.
Kshatriyas are also the people in "do not think about the insulting words of the people"
Brahmins, Vaishyas, Shudras, householders, Pravrajitas, gods
People too. (Such) people's argument, contempt, slander, contempt
Or alive from moral calamity or moral calamity or visual calamity
Disaster or misery. There is no intention, there is no thought
Does not mean that there is no mindset.

[Msdiv 209] (# msdiv209) # msdiv209 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 20)

[APZ 209.1] (# apz209.1) # apz209.1 .ref .apz} "Then I say another.
The kings of the world are the soil
To. Fill in the blanks and match the letters. Matching order for ease of utterance
This means then.

"Rajas pasak is the king of images, the king of sounds, the king of smells, the king of tastes, the king of touch."

'Raga is a king. (i) Whether it is Renu or not, Rajasa is another name for Raga.
In the Sasana of the Buddha, the sages removed this kingdom and removed the evil kings
Veseth. "Moha is a king. (Here (i) Moha is change) In the world, it is hell
Institutions in the relic world, in the human world, in the divine world, in the mass world, in the world
In the world

[APZ 209.2] (# apz209.2) {# apz209.2 .ref .apz} "
If one is disciplined in order to get rid of "
It means sound raga, gandha raga, rasa raga, tactile raga. Consciousness
That is, whether there is a recollection of a certain mindfulness, whether there is a recollection accordingly,
Whether there is a reminder, whether there is a feeling, whether there is a reminder, a reminder
Weekly, weekly, weekly, weekly, weekly,
The Vedas say that this path is mindfulness. With this in mind,
Specially composed, came, and occurred. He says he is conscious.
“Some images with mindfulness are disciplined in order to ward off rags” is mindfulness
The person himself is the possession of certain image passions, sound passions, smell passions and taste passions
To discipline, to dispel, to soothe, to touch, to touch In order to be superficial
Discipline. Superstition also disciplines. Wisdom is the prime thing. These disciplines
Remembering the three is discipline. Knowing is discipline. Far away
Doing what needs to be done grows what needs to be done
Discipline, celebrate.

[APZ 209.3] (# apz209.3) {# apz209.3 .ref .apz} "More on images and sounds
Suppresses lust in tastes, smells and touches "in images and sounds
It suppresses and transcends lust in smells, tastes and touches

[Msdiv 210] (# msdiv210) {# msdiv210 .ref .msdiv} (16 - 21)

[APZ 210.1] (# apz210.1) {# apz210.1 .ref .apz} "The will of these doctrines
Removes. "
That is, in the touches of the Russians. Will is the desire for some of the lusts
Whether there is lust, whether there is attachment to lust, whether there is lust, lust
If there is love, if there is lust, if there is lust, if there is lust, swallowing
Have sex, have a flood of lust, have an attempt at lust, have a strong grip on lust
That's it.

[APZ 210.2] (# apz210.2) # apz210.2 .ref .apz} "The will of these doctrines
Removes "means removes and appeases the will of these morphological doctrines
That is. 'Those who have a frozen mind
Bhikkhu means "Bhikkhu" is the Primitive Kalyana or Bhikkhu
The monk. 'Mindful' is a syllable with a certain memory or memory
This is mindfulness whether there is a week, a week sambhojyanga or a one way
Says. He says that he was conscious of this mindfulness.
"That bhikkhu who has a mind free from anything" means to the first meditator
The visitor (paragraph (7-1) (iv) here, is said to have rested, to have escaped
Should be used)

[APZ 210.3] (# apz210.3) {# apz210.3 .ref .apz} "
The time of "Samskara Dhamma" is when there is a scattered mind
It is time for meditation. When the mind is concentrated, it is time for Vidarshana.

“The yogi who is skilled in sense of time tries the mind at the right time
Insults at another time. Sometimes it makes the mind happy. Once the mind is calm
Does. Moderates at times. “Trying the mind of the yogiAt what time
When to humiliate, when to please, when to bury
At what time, and how? "

When the mind is lazy, try. Pride (scattered) is contempt.
The uninspired mind is immediately pleased. Sometimes the mind is happy and lazy
It was not. Will not be dissolved. Samatha also delights the mind in spirituality
That 's it.

[APZ 210.4] (# apz210.4) # apz210.4 .ref .apz} "
The Veda knows the agreed mind and becomes neutral in it. Time to be smart
The wise man who knows knows the signs of the past. “At the right time
He thoroughly inquires into the doctrine of Sanskrit. "
The impermanent, well-edited doctrine seeks that all editors are miserable
Samskara Dhamma asks that all Dhammas are infinite and Samskara Dhamma is well known
The question is whether there is a Dhamma born of some causal principle and the loss of all that
That's it.

[APZ 210.5] (# apz210.5) # apz210.5 .ref .apz} "Concentrated on Darkness
When the Blessed One said that he would kill, he agreed that samadhi was
The heart that is unsettled is the heart that is unsettled is calm
It consists of samadhi, samadhi power, samyak samadhi
If concentric.

[APZ 210.6] (# apz210.6) # apz210.6 .ref .apz} "He casts out the darkness"
Is the darkness of darkness, the darkness of hatred, the darkness of darkness, the darkness of vision, the dimensions
Darkness, filthiness, obscurity, blindness, blindness,
To be ignorant is to lose wisdom, the party of annihilation is called nirvana
He casts out the darkness of destruction. Calms down. Discards. Into the unborn
Leads. That is. "Blessed" is a title of honor. (7-2) (i) Blessed
The recommendation to go should be used here.)

Sariputtasuttaniddeso Solasamo.

Sixteen Suttaniddesa Samatha of Attakavaggam.

Great Niddasa Pali Finished.

[AP de Zoysa] {.author} edition.

Permission to publish was kindly granted by Kumari Jayawardhana.

Digital files were kindly supplied by Sirisumana Godage of [Godage
International Publishing] (http://www.godage.com/), who publish a print
edition of this text.

Conversion from PDF was by Janaka of <http: //pitaka.lk/>.

The assistance of Amaradasa Liyanagamage, Ven Mettavihari and Maithri
Panagoda is gratefully acknowledged.

Prepared for SuttaCentral by [Ayya Kathrin Vimalañāṇī] editor .editor.
