Phra Suttantapitaka, Volume 21, Khuddaka Nikaya Mahanitdes, I humbly bow
to the Blessed One, the Arahant, fully enlightened Buddha,
Atthakavakkika. The first Suttanitdesa deals with two kinds of
sensuality
[1]. The Blessed One said: When an animal desires sensual
pleasures, if sensual pleasure is achieved that animal eroticism as
desired would surely be satisfied.
[2] In the sense of sensual desire,
there are two kinds of sensual objects in which the subject is material-
\*Kamna 1 lust, 1. What is the object of eroticism? Forms, sounds,
smells, tastes, pleasant touches, slopes, clothing, paint, slaves,
goats, sheep, chickens, pigs, elephants, cattle, horses, donkeys, land,
money, houses, estates, Ratchathani, Van Kwai. The countryside, the
corps, the treasury, and the objects are the locations of lust, for one
thing called erotic objects. past eroticism The future sensuality, the
present, the internal, the external, the internal and the external, the
bad, the moderate, the delicate belong to the beings born in the sorry
of human of sects that appear only on one page that self-importation
that others cherish the vision that is not Our esteemed ring that does
not hold our esteem The dharma that is kama or all The dharma that is an
image, though all Dharma that is impermanent, even all Dharma is the
place of desire. It is the sensation of lust called sensuality, because
of the meaning that a person is attracted to, because of the point of
being lustful, because of the point of being. The location of
intoxication, these sensual pleasures are called lustful objects. great
determination and determination Contentment is desire. Desire is desire.
pleasure is desire in all erotica erotic desire erotic desire Erotic
passion, eroticism, eroticism, sensuality, eroticism, eroticism clinging
to the lust Ta is called Kam. As true as the word \"Dokkama\", we have
seen your foundation, that you were born through your thoughts. We will
not care about you. You will never have one like this. These sensual
pleasures are called defilements. The word "when one desires sensual
pleasures" means that when one desires, he is willing to desire and
delight in sensual pleasures. Therefore it is called when the desire for
sensuality exists.


[3] The word, if sensual pleasure is achieved for that beast, means
that beast is a beast, a king. Brahmin Phaets Sut Kruhat Banphachit Deva
or human beings. The word sensual means form, sound, smell, taste, touch
that pleases which is called sensual object. It can be enjoyed only by
experiencing it, therefore it is said that if sensual pleasure is
achieved for that beast.
[4] The word is a person. Surely, there is a
saying that absolute is said by Only one part is said without There is
no doubt as the statement. Not in two is a statement, not in two is a
statement, not a common statement. Yes, the word \"definitely\" is a
definite statement. The word full means fullness, joy, joy,
entertainment, exhilaration, exhilaration, joy, joy, delight, pleasure,
and willingness, which are composed exclusively of Kama Khun 5. The word
mind is citta, mana, manas, hatai, bandaramana, manai, tanamani. spirit
tree This sense of touch is called the mind. The components occur at the
same time. Extinguished at the same time, having the same object with
emotion. the same day with this fullness. The word is contented, that
is, one who is contented, cheerful, cheerful, kind, high-minded,
mindful. rejoicing, therefore it is said to be one who is indeed
contented.
[5] The word beast has acquired sensual pleasures. The word
\"acquired\" means \"acquired, gained, only experienced and found.\" The
word \"animal\" is An animal, a human being, a person, a living person,
a born being, an animal being born, a person who has an action, and
human beings. The word as desired is form, sound, smell, taste, or touch
as one desires, delights, desires, desires, therefore delights.
Therefore it is called that the being has acquired sensual pleasures as
he desires. The Blessed One said, When an animal is in a desire for
sensual pleasure, if that sensual pleasure accomplishes it, that being
has achieved the desire for sensual pleasure. would surely be satisfied.

[6] The Blessed One said: when the beast lusts for lust Proxies are
born If those sensual pleasures vanish, that being will perish. like an
animal that has been pierced by an arrow. I A king, a brahmin, a phae, a
shu, a layman, a sorceress, a deva, or a human being. Aim to be pleased.
Another thing. Animals tend to go and float away, because their lust is
like a human being, going forth, floating, sailing with some elephants,
cymbals. Just as some changs, some craft, some goats, some sheep, some
camels, some donkeys, so do animals go, go, float, drift away because of
lust. therefore

Therefore, it is called when the state That lust is lustful.
[8] When
beings are born with volition, the word \'chanda\' means pleasure in
sensual pleasures. sexual desire erotic pleasure erotic desire Lust is
lust, lust is lust, lust is lust, lust is lust, lust is lust, attachment
is lust, attachment is lustful, lustful, lusts are born. Born, born,
born, born only, appear to that beast. The word animal is an animal, a
creature, a human being, a person, a living person, a person who is born
with human karma. Proxy was born.
[9] The word that if those sensual
pleasures are lost, there is some deterioration of the animal
deteriorated from all sensual pleasures. How do those sensual pleasures
deteriorate? Live there, those blessings are right. The king took some
was stolen by some thieves some fire was swept away by some water being
by relatives who do not have a place Some of the animals were willing to
take them. Some of the buried treasures were not found, some of the
poorly assembled works. Scattered, scattered, destroyed, those lusts are
born in some family. The impermanence of wealth is the eighth place,
those sensual pleasures are deteriorating. sorry Disappeared, scattered,
spilled, hypocrisy lost like this. How does an animal deteriorate from
all sensual pleasures? Still located there the beast that\'s moving The
perils were lost from those foods. Such beings decay, vanish, scatter,
leak, vanish from all sensual pleasures. as true as the Blessed One
said. All wealth is stolen, stolen, taken away by the king, burned and
damaged. with grain, because of death, the wise man knew this. Use some
They should give some, when they have been given and used accordingly.
He who is not blamed, enters the place, the heavens. Therefore, those
sensual pleasures are fading away.
[10] The beast is scattered. like
an animal that has been pierced by an arrow. Some people have been
stabbed with iron arrows, some have been stabbed by bone arrows. Who had
been stabbed by arrows made of tusks? Some were stabbed by a horned
arrow Some were stabbed by a wooden arrow I was restless, trembling,
struggling with colic and hurt Just as sorrow hurts the body and hurts
Resentment usually arises because of the self. all things change to
something else The beast had been pierced by an arrow, a kamma.
Likewise, so too are he restless, trembling, struggling, colic, hurting
his body, and hurting his heart. scattered Like an animal that has been
pierced by an arrow. because of that The Blessed One said,

when the beast lusts for lust Enthusiasm arises, if those sensual
pleasures perish, the beast becomes restless. Like an animal that has
been pierced by an arrow.
[11] The Blessed One said: Whoever abstains
from all sensual pleasures is like a man who abstains from the head of a
snake with his feet. One who is mindful of liberation from this craving
called visattika in the world. Two reasons
[12] The word \"Whoever
refrains from all sensual pleasures\" means \"Whoever is, whoever is a
practitioner of any kind.\" any kind of person Whoever has anything, who
has any status, who has any dharma, is a king, a brahmin, a sexist, a
warrior. Is a layman, a monk, a deva, or a human being. Lack of all
sensual pleasures, namely two kinds of sensual pleasures, on the subject
of which are sensual objects, 1 lustful desire, and what kind of erotic
object is that? Form, sound, smell, taste, touch, pleasure, etc. These
sensual pleasures are called sensual objects, etc. These sensual
pleasures are called defilements. i.e. to abstain from sensual pleasures
for two reasons, namely, by suppressing one by cutting off one; How do
you keep it? All sensual pleasures are compared with structures. Bones
because they are a thing of pleasure. refraining from sexual desire by
bitterness Keep the eye open All sensual pleasures are like pieces of
flesh because they are public to the masses. except for lack of
eroticism by encroachment It is said that all sensual pleasures are
compared to torches, because they are ignorant things. Lack of eroticism
by suppressing who saw that All sensual pleasures are like coal pits.
because it is Much of the desire to abstain from sensual pleasures by
suppression. Those who see eroticism are likened to dreams. because it
appears to be an item for a short period of time refraining from sexual
desire by suppressing who sees that all sensual pleasures Compared to
borrowed things because of the nature of belongings for a specified
period of time. refraining from sexual desire by suppressing one who
sees that All sensual pleasures are compared to a fruitful tree. because
of the view that it is a gift to the King broken and let the plant fall
refraining from sexual desire by suppressing who saw that All sensual
pleasures are like swords and knives, because they are teeth. refraining
from sexual desire by suppressing who saw that All sensual pleasures are
likened to a javelin, because they are pierced. refraining from sexual
desire by suppressing who saw that All sensual pleasures are like the
head of a snake. because it appears to be terrifying, fearful,
refraining from sexual desire by suppressing who saw that All sensual
pleasures are like bonfires. because it is like a huge fire that
ignites, refraining from sexual desire by suppressing even Chucharoen
Phutthansu Mindfulness abstains from sensuality by suppressing, even the
wise Dhammanussati abstaining from sensuality by suppressing. Even those
who develop Sanghanussati ... even those who develop Silanussati
Anapanassati Consciousness Even those who develop second jhana \... even
those who develop the second jhana For those who develop knowledge and
skills ... even those who

Prosperous in the navasana, sanctification, refraining from lack of
sensuality by suppressing. except for lack of eroticism by to keep it
like this. How to abstain from sexual desire by cutting off?
Sotapattimakya excluded lack of eroticism to bye by cutting Even a
person who develops the Sakdakamaka except for lack of sexual desire
rough by cutting Even a person who develops the Anagami Way except for
lack of gamon being intricate by cutting, even those who have developed
the refraining from sexual desire by all symptoms By all means,
complete, not full, remaining by cutting off. refraining from sexual
desire by this cut off, therefore the name verb Whoever abstains from
all sensual pleasures.
[13] The word is like a person. Lacking a
snake\'s head with its feet, it is said that a snake is called Sappa.
Because of its meaning, a snake is called Sappa. Because of the
appearance of the serpent, the snake is called sappa. Because of the
likeness of the hair, the snake is better than Bhujga. Because of the
point of being with the breast, the snake is better than Urga. Because
of the point of being that the head has fallen, the snake. Therefore, it
is called Panna because it looks like it sleeps with its head.
Therefore, the snake called Vaj Sirisapa. Because he lay in a hole. The
snake is therefore called Wilasa. because Attawan slept in a cave The
snake is therefore called Kuhasaya. Because of its ability to have fangs
as weapons, snakes are called tatawuts. because of the appearance of
being highly toxic The snake is therefore called Khoravisa. because of
the virtue The two-lobed tongue is called dignity. Because of the taste
with the two-lobed tongue, the cobra is called disgraced. A man who
lives life, doesn\'t want to die, wants happiness, hates everyone.
Please refrain from turning around and escaping. Snake head with my feet
So whoever loves happiness and hates suffering should avoid deviating
from all sensual pleasures. the same, hence the name that like a person
without his head, looking with his feet.
[14] The word \"one who is
mindful, is free from lustful desires\". Having put this visattika in
the world, it means that he is the one who abstains from all sensual
pleasures. Lust is called visatika: lust, lust, pleasure, pleasure,
pleasure. The determination of the ability of enjoyment Courage of the
mind, longing, infatuation, fascination, goodwill, general pleasure,
attachment, attachment, quest, deception, animal birth, animal suffering
Jeb Keep the loudness to spread the loudness that the tides fade away.
in different moods The existence of the line, the dispersion, the aging,
the aging, the friendship, the determination, the lead to the world.
addiction Emotional affinity, intimacy, love, ambition, intimacy
Thousands of hopes, wishes, hopes in the form hope in the sound Hope for
smell, hope for taste, hope for touch, hope for fortune, hope for
wealth. hope in children Life hopes, desires, beasts, desires, desires
curvature animal enthusiasm anxiety, anxiety, symptoms of anxiety
fullness with trepidation, aggression, lust, lust Unfairness, greed,
impermanence, desire, purpose, desire, good will, sensual desire,
bhava-tanha, vibhava-tanha, lust in existence.

Craving in the non-formal, craving in nirodha, form, lust for lust,
gandha, gandha, lustful, dharma-tanha, ogha, yoga, gandha, clinging,
secrecy, attachment, attachment. dim sleepiness anxiety Being like a
vine, desires, objects, the root of suffering cause of suffering The
birthplace of suffering, the snare of the devil, the snare of the devil,
the vision of the devil, the river of lust, the river of lust, the lust
of the ocean, the lust of the sea, the lust of Abhijha lobha, Akusala
Munrayi. Than Visatika. What does the word visatika mean? Therefore,
craving is called visatika.
[It goes away in different moods] Because
of the likeness that goes away, lust is called visattika. Because of the
propagation of passion, lust is called Sattika. because of the good
Therefore, lust is called Visatika. Because it possesses lust, it is
called Visattika. because the meaning is reflected Therefore, lust is
called Visatika. Because it is the reason for speaking wrongly, craving
is called visattika. Because of the meaning that the root is poisonous,
lust is called visatika. because it appears to have a toxic effect.
Therefore, lust is called Visatika. because of the likelihood of
poisonous foodstuffs Therefore, lust is called Visatika. In other words,
that lust is manifested in form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family,
place, fortune, rank, praise, happiness, robes, almsgiving, senasana,
kilana, pharmacological factors, kamma-elements, form-elements,
non-formal-elements, kama-elements, kamma-vasas, sensibility, and unseen
worlds. The concept of navakanpop, the universe, the quadruple, the
panchavokarp, the past, the future, the present, and gone, gone, gone,
and gone. f and the smell and taste of the known and the dharma to be
known. Therefore, craving is called visatika. The word in the world is
the world of ill-will, the world of mankind, the world of gods, the
world of salvation, the world-element, the world of self-consciousness.
I have consciousness for four reasons, namely when Charoenkayanupasana,
mindfulness in the body is known as one who is mindful when prospering.
Vedananupassana mindfulness in all feelings The name is conscious. when
cultivating cittanupassana mindfulness in the mind Named as one who is
mindful. When developing Dhammanupassana Satipatthana in all dharmas, he
is called a sire. Ti. is a person who is mindful by reason 4. In other
words, I call myself a sane person, because I abstain from being
unconscious, I call myself mindful because I am All the works of
Dharma-doers that should be done with consciousness are called wise.
being mindful because he is the one who eliminates all dharmas that are
An enemy against consciousness is said to be mindful because he is not
indifferent. to forget all the dharmas that were is One who is mindful
through four other causes, namely, is mindful, because he is mindful, is
mindful. because he is conscious The name is conscious. Because he is
fluent with mindfulness, he is mindful because he does not return from
mindfulness. one who is mindful by four other causes, namely the name
Vaj; one who is mindful because he is one who remembers and is known as
a wise man. One who is mindful because he is calm is called mindful
because he is calm. He is called mindful. because he is the one who
possesses the virtues of the faithful. He is called mindful because
Buddhanussati is called mindful. because of Dharma Nussati The name is
conscious. Because Sanghanussati is called one who is mindful, because
Silanussati is said to be a wise man. Mindfulness because Jakanussati is
called mindful. The devatanussati is called the sage. Mindfulness
because Anapanassati is known as one who is mindful because of death.

The name is conscious. because of the mind The name is conscious.
because of the upasanasati. Remembrance, remembrance, specific
remembrance, remembrance, remembrance, remembrance, impermanence,
non-forgetfulness, mindfulness, steadfastness, stamina, right
mindfulness, mindfulness, self-awareness, this dharma is called
Mindfulness. A person is approaching, he is close, approaches with,
approaches, approaches with, is accompanied by this mindfulness. Such a
person is called siti. That person is a person who is mindful, freeing
from this lust called visatika in the world. It is said that one is
mindful, surpasses, rises, transcends, transcends, transcends,
transcends, transcends, transcends, transcends, transcends, transcends,
is called visatti. this raven in the world, hence the name That person
is the person who has the color. in the world, he was able to lose
himself from this craving called visattika. Therefore, the Blessed One
said, Whoever abstains from all sensual pleasures is like a man who
abstains from the head of a snake with his feet. one who is mindful,
freeing from this craving called visattika in the world.
[15] The
Blessed One said: Any person who desires the land Slave lamps for the
people inside, women, men, a lot of sensual pleasures.
[16] The word
\"field, land, money\" means \"field: wheat field, paddy field, mung
bean plantation, Rajamas bean plantation. Glutinous rice field, weed
rice field, sesame plantation. The word land is the house, the barn, the
front of the house, the back of the house, the garden, the address. The
word money. namely, Kaha-Pana is called money, hence the name: farm,
land, money All cows are called cattle, cattle, etc., are called horses.
The word slave refers to the four classes of slaves, i.e. slaves born
within one, slaves bought. come with property, one who has applied for
access to slavery himself, one captive access to slavery1. as true as
the Blessed One said. Some people were slaves by birth. Some people were
slaves that they bought with their wealth, some signed up to become
slaves themselves. some people are slaves because some were taken
captive. The word \"inside\" consists of three classes of men, namely, a
worker, a laborer, and a dweller, hence the name of the inner slave.

[18] The word \"female\" means \"female belonging\", \"female\",
\"female\". Four groups of people are those who are related by
relatives. They are called sororities. They are called sororities. They
are called sororities. Mantras are called gangs, gangs, gangs by
studying They are called gangs. 1. The word \"many sensuality\" is
\"much sensual pleasures.\" These are pleasing forms, pleasing sounds. a
pleasant smell, a pleasant taste, a pleasing touch, therefore

Therefore, they are called women who are very sensual.
[19] The word
any person wishes to have any meaning, any form, any composition, any
arrangement. have any in any position It consists of any dharma, namely
a king, a brahmin, a pai, a sut, a layman, a clergyman, a deva, or a
human being. Narama, a living person, born of beasts. human karma. The
word \'wish\' is to wish, to desire. He desires in general, becomes
entangled in all things of sensual pleasures, hence the name verb. Any
person who wishes for that reason The Blessed One said that any person
would desire farmland, land, money, cattle, horses, slaves, internal
people, women, all kinds of sensual pleasures.
[20] The Blessed One
said: The powerless passion They dominate that people, those dangers,
they humiliate them, because the dangers suffer Follow that person like
The water flows into the broken ship, therefore. There is no power to
dominate the people. It means no. Strong is defilement, without strength
is weak, weak is ray. Slightly depraved and deteriorating Depressed,
obscene, bad-natured Those little passions dominate and suppress
oppression and oppression. destroys that person, hence the name of the
unrequited passion. is in control of the people Even in this way. In
other words, Saddha-bala, Viriya-bala, Sati-bala, Samadhi-bala,
Panya-bala, Hirip-bala, Ottapp-bala, are not for any person. Those lusts
dominate, suppress, oppress, overwhelm, eliminate, humiliate that
person. He who is powerless, weak in strength, weak in strength, with
little radiance, vile, degenerate, degenerate, lewd, slightly
bad-natured, therefore he is called a defilement. no strength dominate
that people even in this way. concerning two dangers
[22] the word
dangers that undermine people\'s genes means that danger is two dangers:
The apparent danger 1 The concealed danger 1. What is the apparent
danger? These are lions, tigers, yellow tigers, bears, leopards, wolves,
cattle, buffaloes, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, thieves,
people who do evil deeds. People who are prepared to do evil deeds and
eye diseases, hearing diseases, slaughter diseases, chirping diseases,
physical diseases, head diseases, ear diseases, oral diseases, dental
diseases, cough, asthma, the common cold, plague. Fever, lethargy,
stomach disease, epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease, leprosy, pox,
disease-\*ringworm, croup, epilepsy, scabies FDA, scabies, ingrown,
wart, lactation, swollen ingrown disease Blood vomiting, jaundice,
diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids

Apathy is good as a base Pathology with sputum as a base Path with wind
as a premise League of Nations Illness comes from the changing seasons.
Illness is caused by inconsistent management. Affliction is caused by
excessive perseverance. I am in pain but the suffering of cold, heat,
hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination, the touch of
flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun and crawling beasts. These hazards are
called apparent hazards. What are the hidden dangers? namely, corrupt
body, corrupt speech, corrupt mentality, and lustful desire. Vengeance
Nirunthinmitthaniron Uthachukkuk Janiran Wichikita Niran, anger, rage,
anger, binds anger, offends you, rivals, jealous, stingy, maya,
boastful, stubborn, competitive, arrogant, disrespectful of you,
intoxicated, negligent. All, all corrupt All anxiety, all passion, All
suffering, Abhisankhara is all unwholesome qualities. These hazards are
called concealed hazards. called \"dangerous\" because of what Therefore
it is called dangerous. because of the possession Therefore it is called
dangerous. because it seems to lead to deterioration Therefore it is
called dangerous. because the meaning is The address of all unwholesome
dharmas Therefore it is called dangerous. Because of the view, how do
you dominate? Hence the name that dangers are small. dominate, suppress,
suppress, overwhelm, destroy, insult that person because Possessing
Therefore it is called dangerous like this. Because of how it leads to
deterioration? Those dangers are great. lead to deterioration for the
destruction of all merits. Those dangers are just for the sake of
depravity. to the vanishing of which of these virtuous dharmas? to decay
for the disappearance of these wholesome qualities, which is right
practice proper practice The practice is not an enemy. The practice is
based on benefits. Dharma practice is suitable for dharma. perfection in
the precepts Being a member Organic protection agenda Knowledge of
estimation in nutrition Raising awareness of the routine activities in
cultivating four foundations of mindfulness In the Fourth Prosperity
Conversation In the 4th Anniversary Itthiphat In the 5th organic
prosperity In the fifth prosperity In the seven prosperous Bojhangha,
the frequent activities in the Noble Eightfold Path are the dangers of
those eight. This leads to the decline and the end of these wholesome
qualities. Because it leads to this deterioration, it is called danger.
Because it is the dwelling place of all unwholesome qualities? Therefore
it is called dangerous, unwholesome, and those obscene dharmas. It
happened in that state. It is fair to live in the self, like those who
are in the hole that dwells in the hole The water is in the water that
lives in the forest. As in the forest that dwells on the trees, in the
trees, So it arises in the self, that is, the Dharma dwells in the self,
because it is the dwelling place of all these unwholesome qualities.

Dangerous name. as true as the Blessed One had said: Behold, monks, the
monks who are with the defilements dwelling in the interior of one who
is afflicted with distracted defilements, it is difficult to live in It
is a monk who lives with the defilements that reside within. People who
live with distracted passions is difficult How are you not feeling well?
Bhikkhus, the filthy unwholesome dharma has gone astray in a favorable
mood. Good luck up to the monks in this Dharma and Discipline because he
saw a picture with his eyes those obscene virtues dwelt within that
bhikkhu. for this reason So that monk is called Those who live with the
defilements that reside within, those obscene unwholesome dhammas are
perverted. swarming the monks for this reason, therefore they are called
those who are with Gaels. Another distraction is the obscene unwholesome
morality. The sun goes away in a sense that favors good fortune, it
arises for a monk because the sound is heard with the ear \... because
the smell is also sniffed. Ghana ... because of the taste of lust ...
because of being right and touching with the body ... because of knowing
the Dharma by the mind, unwholesome, obscene Dharma. that time dwelt
within that bhikkhu. Because of this, a monk is called a person who
lives with the defilements that reside within those filthy unwholesome
qualities, because for this reason So that monk is called coexist with
distracted passions look at the monks A bhikkhu who lives with
unbearable defilements It is difficult to live in the comrades with the
distracted Gauls. Therefore, because it is the dwelling place of all
these wholesome qualities, it is called danger. as true as the Blessed
One had said: Bhikkhus, these three things are unclean inwardly,
unfriendly inwardly. an internal enemy It is an internal pathology, an
enemy within three things. Why is it that greed is unclean on the
inside, hostile on the inside? an internal enemy is an internal assassin
hostile within, wrath, unclean within. internally friendly an internal
enemy is an internal assassin an enemy within rulers unclean within
internally friendly an internal enemy is an internal assassin an
internal enemy Bhikkhus, these three things are internally unclean,
internally hostile, internally hostile. is an internal assassin is the
enemy within. the Blessed One, the Blessed One Having finished speaking
this proverb, he continued to say the following verse: greed for what is
not beneficial, greed for the mind. Let the greed arise, a danger arises
within. A bully does not feel it; a person who is greedy does not
understand its meaning; a person who is greedy. When greed prevails over
the people, the ignorant man becomes dark and enraged at things that are
of no benefit to the gedi. Anger causes the mind to aggravate anger,
causing danger to occur.

Inside, the bullies would not feel that danger. A man who is angry does
not understand its meaning. A person who is angry does not see Dharma.
When anger reigns over the people, then there is darkness. Be greedy for
things that are of no use to you. Desperation arises in the mind of
delusion; a fool does not feel that danger; a person who is astray does
not know its meaning; a person who is lost does not understand it. I do
not see the Dharma. When the passion dominates the people then Because
of the view that it is the dwelling place of all these unwholesome
things, it is called dangerous and realistic as the Lord has. The
Blessed One said: \"Look at the majesty of the three dharmas, when born
in the inner man up for not benefiting For sorrow, for sorrow, what are
these three things? up for not benefits for suffering Other unrest
occurred within the great man It arises for the benefit, for the
benefit, for the misfortune, for the well-being and delusion when it
arises in the interior. of the great man happened to not benefit For the
sake of suffering, for the sake of non-existence, see these three
dharmas, and when born up in the interior of the great man up for not
benefiting for suffering, for the sake of not having a good time. When
he had finished speaking this proverb, he continued to chant, saying:
greed up within oneself eliminates a man with a lewd mind like bamboo
shoots therefore dispose of bamboo. Because it is the dwelling place of
all these unwholesome qualities, it is called danger and realism, as the
Blessed One has said: lust and hatred. This identity is the cause. Born
from this ego, not happy with merit, pleased with your sensual
pleasures, causing goosebumps, sins in the heart, since this existence
Thus binding the mind like a child, tying a kato and riding a foot.
because it appears that it is the dwelling place of all unwholesome
dhammas like this. Therefore, it is called danger. The word dangers are
low drugs. The genes of people mean that dangers dominate, suppress,
suppress, suppress, eradicate, and subdue. that person Therefore, they
are called dangerous ones. Slaughter that gene.
[23] \"Because of the
danger, suffering perishes after the people,\" it means that because of
that danger, suffering follows, follows, follows that person, that
misery follows. Old age suffering ... pathology ... suffering ...
suffering is sorrow, suffering, physical hardship, suffering,
resentment... Suffering is birth in Hell... Suffering is birth in hell.
birth day Raja... suffering is birth in vision Pret... Suffering is the
birth of a human being... Suffering is a birth. in the womb is the root
of... suffering

... suffering from birth ... suffering following an animal that has been
born ... suffering due to others. The suffering of beings born ... the
suffering of one\'s own zeal ... the suffering of one\'s own Suffering
is born of suffering\... Suffering is born of body\... Suffering from
variations ... Ophthalmic diseases, auditory diseases, slaughter
diseases, cholera disease, physical disease, head disease, ear disease,
oral disease, dental disease, cough, asthma, influenza, plague.
Epilepsy, epilepsy, epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease, leprosy,
pox, ringworm, bronchitis, epilepsy, scabies, diseases Scabies Blood
vomit, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, and sickness
are the culprits. Pathology with sputum as a base Path with wind as a
premise League of Nations Illness comes from the changing seasons.
Illness occurs but management is inconsistent. The affliction of
perseverance, the affliction of karma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst, pain,
feces, urination, suffering from the touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind,
sun, and Crooked beasts suffer because of the death of their mother.
Suffering for the death of his father Suffering for the death of his
brother and Brother Suffering because of the death of sisters and
sisters Suffering for the death of a son Suffering for the death of a
daughter Suffering for the calamity of relatives Suffering for the
calamity of wealth, sorrow for the calamity caused by disease Suffering
because of the calamity of the precepts Suffering because of the
calamity of view follows that person, therefore it is called that
because of the danger, suffering follows that person.
[24] Like water
flowing into a broken ship, therefore, water seeps into a broken ship,
that is, water seeps in. Go, follow in, flow in, but here and there, go
in, go in, go in, go in, go in, go in Some back, some stomach, but some
besides, because of that danger, suffering will follow, follow, follow
that person, a miserable nation. He follows, follows, follows, etc.,
suffering because of the calamity of view, follows and follows that
person, therefore it is called like water flowing into a broken ship.
because of that The Blessed One said, The powerless passion You rule
that people, they are dangerous, you trample the genes of that people
because of the danger Suffering follows that person like water flows
into a broken ship. say Therefore, the being born should be a foal.
Having mindfulness at all times avoiding all sensual pleasures, having
abstained from all sensual pleasures, one should bypass the void, like a
person shoves water in a boat and reaches the burial place thus. An
animal who is born, is mindful at all times. It is said that

for that reason is therefore because of that situation; because of that;
because of that factor; because of fairy tales. That being born when
seeing the blame in all sensual pleasures is called that reason. Beings
that are born are living beings, beings, beings, beings, beings, beings,
being born, having karma, and being human. in all times in all eternity,
all eternity, all the time forever and ever Forever is forever, forever
is forever One Forever Contact forever in order forever without
interruption Forever without interruption, forever and ever,
everlasting, everlasting, everlasting, in the pre-dinner, in the
after-dinner, in the beginning, in the middle, in the latter. Camp, in
the rainy season, in winter, in summer, in the early age, in the middle,
in the later age. my job consciousness for four reasons: when One who
develops kayanupasana satipatthana in the body is called a person who is
mindful when he develops vedanapussana satipatthana. In all feelings, he
is called mindful when praising. Cittanupassana satipatthana in the mind
is called the one who has Mindfulness when cultivating Dhammanupassana
Satipatthana in all dharmas is called that he is mindful; he is
conscious by The other four reasons are that he is conscious because he
excludes colorlessness. Etc., the person is nearer Reaching, reaching
ready, reaching with this consciousness That is called being mindful,
therefore it is called the being born to be a brat. Be conscious every
time.
[27] The word refraining from all sensual pleasures means that
all sensual pleasures are two kinds of sensual pleasures, on the subject
of which are sensual objects, 1 defilements and 1. What are sensual
objects? ? Forms, sounds, smells, tastes, touches, which are pleasing,
etc. These sensual objects are called sensual objects, etc. These
sensual pleasures are called words, defilements. The cessation of
sensual pleasures for two reasons, namely: by suppressing one; by
cutting off one\'s senses; by how to protect it? born animal when you
see All sensual pleasures are like skeletons. Because they are of little
pleasure, one should abstain from sensual pleasures by suppressing when
seeing that sensual pleasures are compared to flesh. because of the view
that it belongs to public to the masses to abstain from sexual desire by
suppressing when you see All sensual pleasures are compared. A torch
because it is a burnt thing, should avoid sexual desire by suppressing
it, etc. should abstain from sexual desire by suppressing it. One should
abstain from sensual pleasures by suppressing it like this, etc. One
should abstain from sensual desires by this cutting off.
[28] The
word, after the absence of those sensual pleasures, should be able to
bypass the void, saying that those words are born beings. Determined to
know all sensual objects, abandoning them, alleviating them, causing
them to vanish, leading to the non-existence afterward, which
defilements are abandoning, alleviating, causing extinction. to the
later absence of kamchandhana Now look at verse 14. \@2.(l) Look closely
at verse 12. Alleviate, alleviate, cause extinction. to the absence
later which Wikikicha Niran should cross over

Go beyond, go, go, go, go, go, kama-oga, bhava-oga, ditthioka,
avijja-oga, hence the name. You can skip the void.
[29] The word, like
a person who bales in a boat and reaches the shore, therefore means that
a person bald, throws out the water in a boat, which has caused a heavy
load and should go. As an animal that was born to shore establishing
knowledge of all sensual objects, abandoning, alleviating, causing
extinction to the non-existence afterwards, which defilements are
abandoned, alleviated, alleviated, causing extinction. To the later
absence of eroticism ... Phayabat Neura ... Thienmitthanuron ...
Uttat-Kukkuniura ... Wichikita *Niran should reach the shore quickly and
without difficulty, that is the end of passion It is an elimination, an
extinction, an emancipation from craving, a binding, attainable,
attainable, enlightened, enlightened. The word \"to the shore\" means
\"Whoever wants to reach the shore\" That person is called the person
who reaches the shore. Whoever goes to the land That person\'s name is
Mr. Whoever goes to the shore and then reaches the shore, that person\'s
name is the word, the one who has reached the shore. A person who has
crossed over has reached the shore. living on the land called a brahmin
that arahant to the shore with great knowledge to the shore by means of
knowing to the shore by leaving to the shore with prosperity to shore by
notifying; to shore by achieving to the shores of all dharma with
knowledge to the shores of all suffering by defining To the shore of all
defilements, by abandoning, to the shore of the Four Noble Path, by
progressing, to the shore of Nirodha. by notifying reaching the shores
of all realms by attaining that arhat to the expertise to success in the
noble precepts to the expertise to success in meditation to the
expertise to success in the noble wisdom to the expertise to success in
the noble liberation that arahant To the shore, to the shore, to the end
reached the end to the end to the end to the end of the round It\'s the
end of the round to success reached success To the protected, to the
protected, to the clear to a secret place, to a refuge, and to a refuge
and go to a place that is not After getting to the point where there is
no danger, go to the stuag. to the immortal, to the immortal, to the
immortal has reached nirvana reached nirvana That arahant is finished,
has gone, has reached, has reached, has reached, has reached the end,
has the holy life that has been preserved, has reached rich view has a
prosperous path There is defilement that has been abandoned, there is a*
constant stabbing, it has not started, there is a manifested nirvana.
have already known suffering There is another Samudaya, Manirodha, which
has already been made known. has a prosperous path There is a Dharma
that should be known more and more. There are dharmas that should be
stipulated. already known There is a dharma that should be abandoned.
There is a dharma that should be developed and prosperous. have morals
that should be made The enlightened enlightenment that arahant possesses
ignorance as a perfect wedge. which has been withdrawn have karma as a
couple has been disposed of, and there is no lustful lust that has been
plucked out. The symbol is a door leaf. Those who are far from the enemy
gallez have the status of a banner, fall and have a burden that has been
laid down and has a yoke.

passion There are five entities involved. then it consists of the six
entities with mindfulness as the primary dharma as a cure, with the
dharma as their basis. have a particular view of the truth which is
alleviated, there is the pursuit of what is right, unrelenting, sublime,
without obscurity. having a suspended body have a clear mind have
already lost their wisdom being a person of fullness The virginity is
over. Being a superior man, being a great man, did not attain perfection
of an arhat. Disposal is already established. not neglected, and then
settled; neither sewed nor sewed. After stapling and then standing, not
being extinguished, then standing and standing, because he is one who
possesses the virtues of samadhi. Khan Panyakhan Wimuttikhan Wimuttinan-
\*Tassanakhan, which is an Asekha. stabbed through the Noble Truth and
then stood Having stepped into this passion, he stood, extinguished the
passion, and stood. It is located because it is the one who does not
have to go around. The top has been taken up and is located. It is
located because it is A devotee lives with compassion, compassion,
equanimity, purity, living in holiness. to live in a being who is not
hardened by lustful view, pure mana, standing because he is the ear It
is liberated because it is secluded, it is situated in the final part of
the aggregates, the elements, the senses, the motto, the motto, the
precepts, the precepts, the pity, the watta, the final realms. located
in the most ergonomic position He held the body the most. as realistic
as the spell:- Phra Khinasop This world is the most There is this body
later, not birth, death, pity, and a new world. Therefore, it is called
like a person who drowns in a boat and goes to shore. because of that
The Blessed One said, Therefore, the being born should be a foal. Having
mindfulness at all times, one should abstain from all sensual pleasures,
when abstaining from them should be able to cross the void, like a
person who threw water in a boat and reached the burial place.
Therefore, as follows. Finished Kasuttaniddess 1st
---------------------- Second Guhatthakasuttaniddess on the subject of
people as people trapped in the cave is the body
[30] The Blessed One
said: The people were involved in the cave. He is a person who has a lot
of passion and has hidden it. The people, when they are settled, will
settle down in such a place where they are lost, because all the sensual
pleasures in the world are not easily neglected by the human being. Y.

[31] The word people are involved in the cave. He is a person who has
a lot of passion and has hidden it. His Highness said is the person
involved first. However, if it should be said before, the body is called
a cave. The word body is good, the cave is good, the body is good, the
body is good, the boat is good, the car is good, the flag is good. Good
anthills, good nests, good cities.

Krachom is good. These good pots are the names of the body. The word
\"contributor\" is in the cave. Like related objects are intertwined in
the cave. There are thousands of general issues involved. The wand is at
the nail, which nailed to the lid or on the object, therefore. Nong
confidence, and mental sleep Individuals involved satisfaction, etc.
Because of that. therefore called an animal. The word animal is the name
of a cultivator. Therefore, it is called the requester. in the cave One
who has defilements has been concealed, one who has defilements has been
concealed, lust, resentment, delusion, anger, attachment, anger,
negativity, equality, envy, stinginess, deceit, greed. Stubbornness,
good competition, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence are
already hidden. all desires all corrupt of all the anxieties all the
rage All the sufferings, which are all unwholesome things, are covered,
covered, covered, covered, covered, covered. already possessed, hence
the name of a person who lives in a cave, a person who has already
covered a lot of defilements.
[32] The words of the people, when they
stood, settled down in the Down means that the word Rachon when it is
located. It is the one who determines, is located with the ability to
desire to be a contrary Irritated. can be irritating signed With the
ability of infatuation to be a binder lies with the ability to hold on
to It is located with the ability to be distracted. is uncertain lies
with suspicion, lies in steadfastness, lies with lust therefore
Therefore, it was called Rachon when it was located. Even in this way.
as true as the Blessed One said. look at the monks A form that is
pleasing to the eye, desirable, pleasing, pleasing, endearing, composed
of sensual pleasures. It is a place of lust, if there is, if a monk
enjoys, commends, clings to it, and stands there, monks. A voice that
must be known by the ear \... A smell that must be known by killing \...
A taste that must be known by thirst \... A touch that must be known.
Body \... Dharma that should be enlightened by desire, desirable,
pleasing, endearing, composed of sensual pleasures. is the location of
desire It exists if a monk enjoys admiring and upholding the dharma,
hence the name word. people when located Even in this way. as true as
the Blessed One said. look at the monks the spirit that enters the form
when located There is a form of emotion. There is a picture at the
location. The pleasure hideout is located. It represents prosperity and
abundance. Look, monks. A soul that enters ... access to the body when
located There is a body as an emotion. There is a body addicted to
pleasure

Located in the name of prosperity and abundance, hence its name. That
the people when standing even in this way are as realistic as the
Blessed One said. Bhikkhus, if desire, pleasure, and desire exist in the
family, Where the spirit settles and grows, there is where the spirit
grows, and there is the supremacy of name and form. The prosperity of
all sankharas Wherever the next birth in the new world exists, there is
birth. Where in the next new life is there, where is the next birth and
death? Where is the next old age and death? Bhikkhus, I say that there
is sorrow. dull There is a grudge. Monks, if the desire for pleasure
Desire exists in the senses... See, monks, if desire to enjoy Desire
exists in the mind-concept, deliberate dividing... Bhikkhus, if desire,
pleasure, and desire are in the food-soul, then the soul resides there
and flourishes. Where does the spirit grow? There is a stoop of name and
form, where is there a stoop of name and form? There is the prosperity
of all sankharas, there is the prosperity of all sankharas, there is the
next birth in the new world. birth in a new world Where there is birth,
old age, where is death, where is birth, where is old, where is death?
Bhikkhus, I say that there is sorrow. dull there is resentment,
therefore it is called a nobleman when standing even in this way. see
with the eye Desirable, desirable, pleasing, lovely, composed of sensual
pleasures, the location of lust A voice that must be known with the ear
\... A smell that must be known by killing \... A taste that must be
known with a thirst \... A touch that must be known. A body that is
desirable, pleasing, pleasing, lovely, composed of eroticism. is the
location of desire The Blessed One said that he was lost because of the
five senses. The Blessed One said that he was lost. Because most devas
and humans are completely lost. always lost, always lost, always lost He
is always delusional with the five qualities of sensual pleasures; he is
blind, envelops, conceals, conceals, covers, covers. and thus, the five
senses of sensual pleasures, the Blessed One said that he was lost. that
is, to sit down and immerse himself in the lost place, hence the name
settled and settled down in the lost place. Concerning three kinds of
solitude,
[33] the word such a nobility is far from seclusion. Vivek
means three kinds of liberation, namely, mindlessness, mindfulness, and
updhiviveka. Why is a secluded body? The forests of the trees, the
mountains, the crevices, the caves, the cemeteries, the forests that
litter the straw and are the guardians of the body, walking alone. stand
alone, sit alone, lie alone go into the house to offer alms alone, go
back alone

in a secret place Praying for the Department alone, being a lonely
person, living in a different position, conducting behavior and keeping
it to be so, this is called the body of solitude. why? monks who
attained the first meditation have a calm mind from neuralgia attaining
second jhana, having a mind, secluded from anxiety and thinking
attainment having a mind attained from happiness and sorrow, attaining
the realm of dharma Having a mind secluded from forms of contracts,
adjectives, nanattasayas, attaining spirituality and contemplation. Has
a calm mind from the contract. Attaining Akinchanayaton Jhana, having
the mind isolated from the soul of self-concept, attaining
Nea-Sanya-na-sanayatana, having a mind-set-out from the bhikkhu (when
that monk) being a single person Having a mind attained from tattooing
ditthi wichikitcha silabbattapramas ditthanusai wichikitchanusai and
from the passions that are located in the same with Sakkaya Ditthi, etc.
He is a sakadakambi, having a mind completely isolated from sensual
pleasures, coarse practices, sensual desires, and from defilements.
located in Lao Dia rough sex Etc., there is an Anagha, a person whose
mind is completely isolated from kama rakana and from the desires that
are located in the same place as Kamarak - \* Detailed sacrifice and so
on, is an arhat who has a mind secluded from the form of lust,
rupa-ramana, utdhacca, avijja, nanusai, bhavarakanusai, avijchanusai,
defilements that are located in these places. the same with the image of
sensuality and so on. and from all external visions This is called
Chittawak. What is Upthiviwek? Good defilement, good khandha, good
bhasikhara, is called Updhi. Amata nirvana is called upathiwak, that is,
the Dharma, the place where all sankharas are suppressed, and the
relinquishment of the object. It is the end of lust, a place to vomit, a
place to extinguish, a place to depart from it, a ligature. This is
called Upthi Wiwek. A seclusion exists for a person whose body has
escaped. Rejoices in Nekkhamma, citta vajka, there is a person who has a
pure mind to the point of being of great enlightenment. A person who has
lost his attachment to nirvana, which is an immortality. The word \"far
from seclusion\" means that which person is involved in a cave like
this, so many defilements conceal it. In such a strayed place, such a
person is far from a secluded body, far from a secluded mind, even from
a secluded body. It is in a distant place, not near, not close, not
nearby, not nearby. The word such is that one who settles in a lost
place; such a kind exists, thus, just like that. hence the name of such
people You are welcome from Vivek. Concerning two kinds of sensual
pleasures
[34] the words of all sensual pleasures in the world the
people of the people It readily states that (1)- sensual pleasures,
which are two kinds of sensual pleasures, in which subjects are: 1
erotic object, 1 defilement and 1 erotic object. form, sound, smell,
taste, touch, which is pleasing Clothing, paint, slaves, goats, sheep,
chickens, pigs, elephants, cattle, horses, donkeys, land, money

Houses, settlements, ratchathanees, rims, rural areas, armed forces,
treasury and objects are the locations of @(1) as follows: see item 2.
either Name erotic objects. another past eroticism the future present
eroticism Dates that are internal, that are external, that are internal
and external, are bad. The mediocre, the refined belonging to the beasts
born in mischief. of the human being, of the Dhipita, who appear only in
the self-imposed role that others have created. that cherish that is not
cherish that holds our that does not take our The dharma that is kama or
all The dharma that is shaped, though all, the dharma that is shaped,
though all Dharma is the place of desire. It is the feeling of craving,
called sensuality, because of its meaning that one is lustful. because
it is the location of desire because of the view that it is the location
of intoxication These sensual objects are called erotic objects. What is
defilement? It is contentment, desire, satisfaction and desire, desire,
great desire. determination and determination Contentment is desire,
desire is desire, pleasure is desire. in all erotica Lust for lust, lust
for lust, lust for lust, lust for lust, lust for lust, lust for lust,
attachment for lust, attachment for lust. The name of kamma is called
kamma. As real as the word kamma, we have seen your foundation that you
are born with your intentions. We will not care about you. You will not
have this craving. These sensual pleasures are called defilements. The
word in the world is in the evil world, the human world, the world, the
world, the world, the world, the world, the world. Ja, all sensual
pleasures in the Maije world It is easy for the people to be left
behind. It is said that all sensual pleasures in the world belong to the
people, difficult to give up, difficult to shake off, hard to crush.
Hard to get out, hard to get out of, hard to get over, hard to get out
of, difficult to get over. I can\'t get it. therefore it is called that
all sensual pleasures in the world do not belong to Students can easily
get away with it. because of that The Blessed One said, The people were
involved in the cave. Having been concealed by many defilements, the
people, when they were settled, settled down in the lost place. Such a
person is far from seclusion, because all sensual pleasures in the world
are not. of the noble one is easy to lose.
[35] The Exalted One said:
Those animals that are courted by the complacency In the world because
of desire, there is some hope behind in the future Desire to be These
sensual pleasures, or those that existed in the past, are difficult to
be liberated from and not let other people liberate.
[36] The word
entrusted with the joy of the world. because of desire

That craving is called desire, namely lust (1)- lust, contentment,
pleasure, pleasure. The lust with the ability of the mind\'s lust,
desire, infatuation, fascination, delight, general delight, attachment,
attachment, quest, deceit, fertility. The benevolence of suffering, the
suturing of the mind, the being of the mind as a network. that the mind
is like a current Emotional fading the mentality as the strands,
dispersion, and aging deteriorate. Friendliness, preferences, tools
leading to the world, emotional addiction. Intimacy, intimacy, love,
intent, attachment, hope, will, desire, hope in form. Hope in sound,
hope in smell, hope in taste, hope in touch. hope in fortune Hope in
wealth, hope in children, hope in life, desire, animal desire. desire
curvature animal enthusiasm The restraint of the mind, the trepidation,
the symptoms of trembling, the abundance of trepidation, aggression,
lust, unrighteous lust, inconsistent greed, lust. Desires, desires,
desires, good intentions, Kamatanha, Bhavatanha, Vibhavatanha, craving
for the realm, craving for the non-beings, craving for Nirodha, craving
for form, Satanha, craving for Gandha, Craving for the realm, craving
for the immaterial, craving for Nirodha, craving for ruptures, Satanha,
Satanha, Gandha, Cravings for the realm, craving for the realm, craving
for Nirodha. ) Here\'s a look at verse 14, Gandha Yoga, which prevents
obstruction, obscurity, and sorrow. sleepiness anxiety The reputation of
the vine Desires of objects, root of suffering, cause of suffering The
birthplace of suffering, the snare of Mara, the snare of the devil, the
vision of the river, the river of lust, the net of lust, the chain of
lust, the ocean of lust, the Abhijha, lobha, and the kusala-mun. desire
Because desire is a cause, because desire is a factor because desire is
the key Because desire is the birthplace, therefore it is called because
of desire. The first one is happiness and feeling. The two kinds of
happiness are: happiness and feeling 1. Desired objects 1. The three
kinds of happiness are happiness. Penang Young people, disease-free
life, and happiness in the four worlds, namely: fortune, honor, praise,
happiness, happiness in the five worlds: Forms, sounds, smells, tastes,
touches that are pleasing. the readiness of killing The readiness of
lust, the readiness of the body, the readiness of the mind. The word
\'attachment\' is entrusted with pleasure in the world, entrusted with
pleasure, entrusted to the desired object. courting youth entangled in
disease-free Courting in life, courting in wealth, courting in rank,
courting in praise, courting in happiness, courting in form, courting in
sound. Courting in smell, courting in taste. to be courted in a
pleasurable touch; to be courted is

connected, connected, involved, obsessed with the readiness of the eye
in the readiness of the hearing, in the readiness of the ghana in
regards to the readiness of the thirsty in regards to the readiness of
the body in regard to the readiness of the will, hence the name who are
courted by the joy of the world because of desire.
[37] It is said
that those beings are difficult to escape and do not prevent other
people from escaping. There is a saying that the dharma that is the
material of happiness in those realms that is hard to escape from, or
those beings ear f It is difficult to escape from the dharma that is the
material of happiness in those realms. Dharma that is the object of
happiness in the world How are those animals so difficult to escape? is
the material pleasure that desires youth and ignorance Sickness, life,
fortune, glory, happiness, form, sound, smell, taste, touch that are
pleasing to the eye, the readiness of the eye. the readiness of the
hearing the readiness of killing the readiness of thirst readiness The
readiness of the mind that animals are difficult to escape, hard to
escape, hard to break, hard to break. It is difficult to get out,
difficult to get over, difficult to get past, difficult to act. Rejoice
in the world It\'s so hard for animals to escape. How are beings
difficult to be liberated from the dharma that is the material of
happiness in those worlds? is all animals is difficult to escape
difficult to escape Hard to pluck up, difficult to untie, hard to take
off, hard to pull off, from pleasure and desire. Youthfulness,
disease-free life, wealth, rank, praise, happiness, form, sound, smell,
taste, touch, satisfaction, readiness of the eye. the readiness of the
hearing the readiness of killing readiness Craving for the readiness of
the body, the readiness of the mind. All beings are the ones who are
hard to escape from the dharma that is the subject of immersion.
rejoicing in those worlds, hence the name that those animals It\'s hard
to be freed like this. The saying and not letting other people get free
means that those beings are immersed in themselves, and are unable to
pull themselves off. Others who do not trust, can rise up. Indeed, as
the Blessed One has said: \"Look, that person, immersed in himself, will
be scolded. Others who do not threaten This is not a position to have.
That person who does not practice, does not train, does not quench
defilements by himself, then he will allow others to train, train, to
quench defilements. This is not a position to have. Those animals cannot
be freed by other people like this. In other words, no one else would
like these beasts. to be liberated if those animals were to be freed.
Those beings are practicing what they are doing. comply with practice
practical object Dhammanudhamma practiced by oneself With strength,
strength, perseverance, perseverance, man\'s strength, man\'s strength.
men\'s perseverance His own man\'s perseverance will be released.
Therefore, it is called and does not allow other people to escape even
in this way. The Blessed One said:

Behold, we cannot You may be able to free anyone who has doubts in the
world, but you know only that. noble virtue to bypass this sorrow In
this way. Therefore, it is called and does not allow other people to
escape even in this way. The Blessed One said: The evil that a person
does by oneself, that person will become miserable by oneself. evil that
a person does not commit for himself That person will be pure by
himself. purity and impurity belong to oneself. Others should not give
Others can be innocent. Therefore, it is called and does not allow other
people to escape even in this way. The Blessed One said, \"Brahma, this
is the case. Nirvana is located The road to nirvana is set, I, the
persuading person. when it is so our disciples whom I teach in this way
Taught in this way, some attain certain nirvana alone, but they do not.
Look at this brahmin, what shall we do? Brahmins, the Tathagata are only
giving directions. Buddha image It tells the way all beings who practice
on their own will be freed. Therefore, it is called and does not allow
other people to escape even in this way. Therefore, they are called
beings that are difficult to escape, and are not freed by other people.
Some hope is in the back. In the future, it is said that the future is
called Behind the past is called forward. In other words, the future is
near. Well, the present is close to the past. called the side The past
is near the future. The present is near the future. called ahead. How
does a person look forward to the future? is a person who recalls
Rejoice in that sentiment that in the past We had such forms, such
contemplations, such promises. There is such a body, there is such a
spirit. A person is said to make future hopes even in this way. another
The spirit is also entangled. I was convinced in that sentiment that in
the past we had such an eye, of such form, because the soul belongs to
the world. Thousands with grace, that person enjoys that emotion when
Enjoying that emotion is also known as carrying forward hopes. In this
way. The soul is entangled in that emotion. In the past, we had hearing
as follows, with this sound: In the past, we had ghana as follows: It
smelled like this \... In the past we had lust like this \... In the
past we had such a body ... In the past, I had this mind, because the
soul was entangled with graciousness, that person enjoyed that
sensation, and when enjoying that feeling, he was called Ya. Able to
carry forward hopes even in this way. On the other hand, a person
rejoices, looking to his delight by laughing, negotiating, playing with

Matukam in the past tense. therefore the person is called Even in this
way, a person makes forward hopes. How does a person make
behind-the-scenes hopes? is a person who remembers the enjoyment In that
sentiment, in the future we should have such forms, such feelings, such
promises. behave like this This kind of spirit. A person who is known to
have hope in the back Even in this way. another A person has set his
mind so that he can see the unseen thoughts that in the future we should
have such eyes, having the following form: The reason for setting one\'s
mind is that one enjoys it. That emotion when enjoying that emotion is
called Even in this way, one does the latter\'s hopes. In the future, we
should have hearing as follows: There is this noise \... In the future,
we should have this ghana \... Such a smell \... In the future we should
have such a craving, such a taste \... In the future, we would have such
a body. Having the following dharmas \... In the future, we should have
this mind, with the following dharmas, because of the setting up of the
mind. so that person enjoys that feeling when enjoy that mood that
person is therefore called look forward even in this way. For one thing,
a person sets his mind to get a feeling that has not yet been confirmed
that we will become gods. or will be any deity by virtue, by virtue, by
penance, or by this celibacy, by means of setting one\'s mind enjoy that
mood when enjoy that feeling That person is called Make hopes in the
back Even in this way Therefore, it is said that the hope is in the
back, some in the front.
[39] The word desire for these sensual
pleasures, or the sensual pleasures that exist in the It means that
These sensual desires are desires, desires, desires, ambitions. To the
five sensual qualities that are present. The word desire to dwell in the
former sense of sensuality is literal desire, enthusiasm, enthusiasm,
which is the former five senses, hence the name. Desire to ask these
questions, or the eroticism that existed in the past. Therefore, the
Blessed One said: Those animals that are courted by the complacency In
the world because of desire, there is some hope behind In the future,
some desire to live, that these sensual pleasures, or former sensual
pleasures, are difficult to liberate, and not at all. other to escape.

[40] The Blessed One said: Those beings desire, crave, are fascinated
with sensual pleasures, are inferiors in kamma. not always I\'m sorry to
hear that. we all move After coming from this world, what will it be?
Concerning two kinds of sensual pleasures
[41] The word desire, lust,
enthusiasm, enthusiasm, is said to mean that sensual pleasures are two
types of sensual pleasures. A is the object of sensual pleasures, lust,
etc. These sensual pleasures are called

sensual objects, etc. These sensual pleasures are called lust. Lust is
called desire, i.e. lust, lust, lust, etc. All beings lust, desire, be
fascinated, enthralled, enthralled, entangled in all sensual objects
with defilements, therefore it is called desire for sensual pleasures.
Even those beings seek, seek, seek for sensual pleasures, who wander for
sensual pleasures, lustful, lustful, inclined to sensual pleasures. go
in the grove Indulge in sensual pleasures, even those beings are called
those who seek sensual pleasures. Even those beings who seek, seek,
search for form, sound, smell, and taste, with the ability of lust, they
are lustful for lust. heavy in eroticism, leaning on eroticism go in
lust, go in lust Even those beings are called lustful people. Even those
beings who have only form, sound, smell, taste, and touch are also
capable of lust. noble Went to lewd incontinence, heavy in erotic.
Leaning on sensual pleasures, leaning on sensual pleasures Indulge in
sensual desires, even those beings are called lustful people. Even if
any animal consumes form, sound, smell, taste, touch, with the ability
of lust, to lust, to lust, to lust, to lust, to lust focus on eroticism
A person who quarrels, is called a word, is eager to fight, a worker is
called a worker. people who travel in orbit The name is called Kwan Kwae
in orbit. people who are blessed It\'s called striving for meditation,
as many beings seek, seek, seek for sensual pleasures, are zealous, who
wander for lust, lustful, lustful, leaning on. in eroticism Indulge in
sensual desires, even those beings are called lustful people. Even those
beings seek, seek, search for form, sound, smell, taste, with the
ability of lust. Went for incontinence heavy in eroticism, leaning on
eroticism go in lust, go in lust Even those beings are called sexual
desires, though they can only acquire form, sound, smell, taste, and
touch. noble to lust for lust, to lust, to lust, to lust, to lust, to
lust, to lust, to lust, to lust, to lust, even to the beasts. That is
called the one who seeks sensual pleasures. Even those beings that
consume form, sound, smell, taste, touch with the ability of lust lust
for lust, incontinence, inclined to lust, enthralled with lust, inclined
to lust, lustful, lustful, even those beings. It is called the one who
indulges in sensual pleasures. The word fascinated means that most gods
and humans are infatuated, infatuated, infatuated with the five
qualities of sensual pleasures. Enchanted, infatuated, ignorant, blind,
envelops, cloaks, hides, hides, covers, obscures, hence the name.
Desire, ardent, fascinated by all sensual pleasures.
[42] the word
animals being a low established in impermanence, saying

The word inferior means even the animal that goes down is called the
inferior. Even the one who is stingy is called the inferior. The
unbeliever holds the word. The teachings of the Buddha and the Buddha\'s
disciples are called low people. How is the person who has gone down
called the fallen person? animals that go low are animals that go to
hell Go to the world- \*Born to go to the paratvisai called to go low. A
person who goes low like this is called a person who is inferior. In
regards to five kinds of stinginess, how is one who is stingy? Named one
who is depressed, the five types of stinginess are stinginess. family
stinginess stinginess stinginess stinginess This stinginess, stinginess,
stinginess Desires toughness To have a mind that is enraged in giving an
unreliable mind in giving, this is called stinginess. another Suffering
is good. Elemental stinginess is fine. This stinginess is good. Than
stinginess. Willingness is called stinginess. This is called stinginess.
I don\'t know the words that the old man said. already careless who has
this kind of stinginess The name of the inferior person. Animals that do
not believe in words, sermons, and teachings of the Buddha and his
disciples. What is the name of the fallen? All the beings are
distrustful and do not listen. He does not set his mind to know the
words, sermons, and teachings of the Buddha and his disciples. Being a
non-observant person Do not follow the conduct, disobey, turn away from
the beasts who do not believe the words, sermons, teachings of the
Buddha and all the Buddha\'s disciples. This is called the inferior. The
word that those beings are situated in impermanence, means that those
beings are situated. Specifically, attached to, approached, courted,
enamored, involved, involved in acrobatics, verbal acts, slaughter,
theft, sexual misconduct, slandering, slander Profanity, swear words,
swearing, aiming to protect the wrong opinion. The five faculties of
sensual pleasures, five neuralgias, inconsistent thoughts, desires, and
intentions are therefore called beings. The low is always in karma.

[43] The word has reached suffering. It is said to have reached
suffering, to come into suffering, to suffer, to suffer, to come into
trouble, to come into trouble, to come into trouble, to come to death.
experiencing death, has encountered death, therefore it is called
suffering. to mourn, to mourn, to mourn to the infatuation Therefore, it
is said that when suffering has come and meditated on it. 15 future
doubts
[44] The word we all move After coming from this world, what is
the meaning of beings? They lead to suspicion and into skepticism. I\'m
not sure enough to talk about

lamenting, lamenting, lamenting, lamenting about the passion that we all
have departed from this world, what shall we be? (1)-that shall be
animals. A person born in hell will be an animal born in the realm. It
will be a human being, it will be a deity, it will be a form, it will be
a formless animal, it will be a contracted animal, it will be an animal
without a contract or a conceit. my job not having a contract Without a
contract, will we all have one in the future? or there will be no in the
future. What will we be in the future? What will we be in the future We
all \@1. Here are 15 future doubts-. What will be in the future?
therefore, hence the name (these animals would say,) We are all moving.
Then what is it that comes from this world? The Buddha then said: Those
beings are lustful, lustful, passionate about sensual pleasures. being a
low set in karma that is not always already suffering Certainly agree
that we all move After coming from this world, what will it be?
[45]
The Blessed One said: therefore Animals born should be educated in this
religion. know the karma Not always any one in the world is free.
Uncertain karma, one should not behave karma that is not always because
of the inconsistent karma both scholars Many have said that this life is
little. Regarding the 3 sikkha
[46] the word therefore, the animal who
was born and studied in this religion means that the word Therefore,
because of that situation, because of that reason, because of that
factor because the story is because of seeing The blame is in all
sensual pleasures. The word to study means one should study the three
precepts, namely, recitation of the precepts, the precepts, the
precepts, the precepts, and the adhesion of the precepts, 1. What is the
precepts? summed up by gathering in the Patimokkha, with the Ajara and
orbiting Seeing the danger in the penalty is a little, meditating,
studying in all the precepts, the small precepts, the great precepts,
the preliminary precepts, the precepts, the comprehension of the
president\'s mouth. This enlightenment with wholesome qualities is
called adhisila- \*sikkha. Why is adhicittasikkha? In this Dharma and
Discipline a bhikkhu is secluded from sensual pleasures, secluded from
unwholesome dharmas. All who have attained the First Jhāna are anxious
and reflective, having rapture and bliss but waking up. and calmed down
thus attaining the second meditation The inner clarity of the mind is
the single Dharma that does not arise. There is no concern. Joy and
happiness only arise from concentration. Because of the cessation of
rapture, there is equanimity, mindfulness, and bliss in the name of the
body. He attains the tertiary jhana that the noble ones have praised.
One who has this meditation is omniscient, mindful.

Live happily. having attained the Fourth Jhana, without suffering,
without happiness, with equanimity, which leads to purification of
mindfulness. This is called Athichittasikkha. What is the wisdom of the
sikkha? Wisdom consists of wisdom. which leads to the birth and death
The noble first desire to the end of suffering like a monk It is clearly
understood as it really is, this suffering, this suffering, this
suffering, this suffering. These practices, this taint, cause this
taint. The cessation of this taint is the practice leading to the
cessation of the taint. This is called ascension. When he thinks of
these three rules, when he knows, when he sees, when he considers, when
he prays when willing with faith When he sustains perseverance, when he
sets his mind, when he sets his mind, when he knows clearly with wisdom,
when he knows the Dhamma that should be known. when defining what dharma
should be established When the dharma should be abandoned When the
Dharma should be developed When enlightening the Dharma that should be
made known, one should study and behave in a hospitable manner. Behave
graciously by being gracious. The word in this religion is, in this
opinion, in this moderation, in this pleasure. In this adherence, in
this Dharma, in this Discipline, in this Dhamma and Discipline, in this
speech, in this holy life. In this matter, in this self, in this world
of mankind. The word \"animal being born\" is an animal, a human being,
etc. Therefore it is called that beings who are born should study this
religion.
[47] The word to know the karma that is not equal in the
world. that karma is impermanent, it means that any one is all by all
manifestations All by all means, there is no left, no word left, one of
these It\'s all karma. The word should know that it is an impermanence
of karma means that beings who are born should know, know all, know
only, know only, stab all the time. Atinnathangamesumicchajaromsu verbal
speech Pharusavaja touching the fish The cremation of the five
impermanence of sensual pleasures, the inconsistent intention, the
desire, the intention, is the impermanence of karma. The word in the
world is, in the world of evil, etc., ashamed of the world. Therefore,
it is called that the impermanent karma should be known in the world as
impermanent karma. Always Mon.
[48] The word undesirable behavior
because of the inconsistent karma means that beings are born. do not
behave Do not show favoritism Do not be courteous to behave properly. do
not behave which karma that is not equal due to acrobatics, speech,
mental karma, panatibata tinnathankamesumicchacharamsu vavadapisunava
pharusava sappappa apicha vengeful michaditthi sankharas the five senses
of sensuality, the five intents, the desires, the inconsistent
intentions, therefore it is called undesirable behavior. which is not
always due to the cause of the impermanence of karma. Life is less for
two reasons.


[49] The words of the sages have spoken of this life as being of
little and of life. That is, life, existence, progress, existence, other
movements, sustenance, sustenance, well-being, organic life. Life is
less due to two reasons: little life because it is low and 1, less life
because there is little activity 1. Little life because it is less. how?
Life is, while the mind is past, it does not exist, it will not exist.
Life will be. While the mind is the future, it does not exist, it does
not exist. Life exists while the mind is in the present, it does not
exist, it does not exist. The Buddha said that all life, self, happiness
and suffering Fairness is always composed of mind. only one star while
young All of a sudden, any devas are always standing eight-fourteen
thousand kilometers. Those deities are not the ones who are composed of
two souls, who live beyond any of the aggregates of the dead or of the
living beings. live in the world This is extinguished, all those
aggregates are gone. Likewise, the past is not continuation. Which of
the aggregates has already broken in the past, and which of the
aggregates has been broken in the past? The future is in order The
strangeness of the aggregates that are extinct in the present and with
those aggregates does not exist in the form of beings not born.
Concerning the future, the khand is living with the present. The world
is dead because of the difference of mind. This is a supreme
commandment. All aggregates are transformed by volition, like water
flowing through a valley, therefore it follows the course of time.
uninterrupted because the six senses are factors, all aggregates are
broken. did not reach the location The khandha does not exist in the
future; all khandhas that have been born are established. like lettuce
seeds located on the tip The sharp iron, therefore, the rupture of all
the dharmas that have been born is extracted in front of them. All
aggregates have normal destruction. not combined with the aggregates
that were born Before they settled, aggregates came unseen. breaks and
then goes into the invisible Rise and fall like lightning in the air,
therefore. So little life because there is little. How is life so little
because there is little activity? life by exhaling life by wind Breathe
in life because of the breath out and breath in life because of the
continual life-forming spirit. with bio-warm steam Due to the food that
swallowed life because of the spirit. These exhaling and inhaling
breaths are good; avijja, sankhara, craving, clinging, and the original
cause of exhaling and inhaling are good. all of you the realm of lust

Born before the corpus and Orpu The merger of these out-breathing and
in-breathing dharmas is good. The union of the out-breathing and the
breath\--these are good, the union of the winds. Breathe out and these
inhales are fine. the passion that comprises good These virtues have
I\'m in a bad way each other not settling for one another, one would
fall for one another, because there is no resistance to each other,
these dharmas do not stand for each other. can, whatever dharma gives
dharma these have already happened that dharma does not exist But one
dharma is not corrupted by a dharma, and these are decimated by all
symptoms. These aggregates of causes and factors exist before they
arise; Those aggregates are dead before the khandha, or the khandha that
is born after. We do not see each other in any time, therefore life is
called small because of the kachi. less like this. In addition, because
compared to the life of the gods of the Jatum Maha Rashika level Human
life is a little, a little, a moment, a fleeting moment. The single
channel is not located. I don\'t live for a long time. Because it
compares to the life of a Daowadung angel \... because it compares the
life of a Yama angel \... because it compares the life of a Dusit level
deity \... because it compares the life of a Nimmanoradee deity \...
because it compares The life of a divine being Miwa Sawasdee\...because
compared to life of the deities who are among the Brahma of the little
human life. is a little A moment is instant, instant is instant, instant
is set. did not last long. as true as the Blessed One said. look at the
monks The age of these humans is small. need to leave the spool All
human beings must suffer death, as it is known, should do, should behave
in celibacy, no human beings who are born will not die. Doug Monks,
whoever lives for a long time can only live for 100 years, or fewer than
100 years. Blessed One, the Blessed One When this proverb was finished
speaking So he continued to chant the following spell: the age of the
little humans a good man insult this young age behave as if one\'s head
is on fire; therefore, the state of death will not come, the day is too
late. life was intensified. to the death of the stump They will end like
water in a river. Little is gone. Therefore. It\'s about wisdom called
Thi. The saying that the sages have spoken of life as being of little
means that the sages including those who have wisdom who arrives with
wisdom The person who blames the sins. Wisdom is called Thee, which is
knowledge, general knowledge, choice. general selection Righteousness,
good decrees, decency access to specific requirements graduate being
wise, being wise, protecting oneself Wisdom is a classifier. Wisdom is a
thinking machine. Wisdom is a sight

Wisdom as wide as the land Wisdom is the destroyer of defilements.
Wisdom that leads around Wisdom is an enlightenment. consciousness
Wisdom is a piercing machine. Wisdom is the manifest, Wisdom is Great,
Wisdom is Wisdom. Wisdom is only wisdom, like a bright castle of wisdom.
enlightened wisdom glorious wisdom Wisdom is like a glass, non-delusion,
choice, dharma, and approval, because he is one who possesses wisdom

[called thi], hence the name. That Thera
[the philosopher]. People
who are wise in the aggregates elemental intelligence Wisdom in the
senses, wisdom in the practice wisdom in mindfulness Wisdom in the
Confession Wisdom in power Wisdom in the organics, wisdom in physical
strength, wisdom in enlightenment. Wisdom in the Path, Wisdom in Fruits,
Wisdom in Nirvana is called Thira. proclaim that human life is a little
It is instant, forever, forever. does not exist forever. I don\'t live.
Therefore, it is called a philosopher. All have called this life a small
thing. Therefore, the Blessed One said: therefore The beings who were
born should study this religion and know the karma which is not equal in
the world. It is an impermanence of karma, an impermanence of behavior
that is not always due to an impermanence of karma. The sages have
called this life belonging. little.
[50] The Blessed One said: We can
see this group of beings wandering in the desires of all worlds.
struggling in the world all bad people Not yet without passion in the
big and small worlds. Prosper near the mouth of death. Animals struggle
in the world because of their lusts.51 The word we see ... struggles in
the world means \"saw\" means \"saw\". Look, look, look, look, look,
look, look, look with some eyes Dhipayachak Chang some wisdom Buddha\'s
eye Samantha Chang. The word in the world is in the evil world, the
human world, the world, the world, the world, the world element, the
world. This group of beasts] struggle, struggle, tremble, tremble.
scattered around with the struggle of lust with striving because of
views with the struggle because of passion Suffering because of karma,
due to corruption with the sensibility of the appointee with the wrath
of the offended with the delusions of the delusional with mana as a
machine bound by law A stance that is held with a distraction that is
already overflowing with doubt who are not sure Monuments that have
reached With fortune, with honor, with honor, with praise, with gossip,
with happiness, with grace. Yachat with old age, with parasites, with
death, with sokaparideva. Suffering is sorrow and misery is birth in
hell, suffering is birth in birth.

Other beasts suffer birth in vision of suffering is the birth of human
suffering. having a prenatal birth with suffering inherent in pregnancy
suffering from birth Pregnancy is the basis for all requests. with every
request to follow up with the born animal, with sorrow but one\'s
sorrows, sorrows arising from the sorrows of the sorrowful, sorrows
arising from the misery of the unborn I\'m sorry only caused the
variance. Suffering from eye disease, eye disease, nasal disease, tongue
disease, physical disease, head disease, ear disease, oral disease,
dental disease, cough, asthma, colds, hay fever, hay fever Diarrhea,
epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease, leprosy, pox, eczema, croup,
epilepsy, scabies, scabies, yaws Warts, pustules, ingrown, edematous,
hemorrhagic, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids with
sputum disease Apathy has the wind as a premise. Apathy, League.
Affliction comes from the changing seasons. Disturbances arise because
of inconsistent management. Disturbances arise, but perseverance is
overpowering. Suffering is karmic, by cold, by heat, by hunger, by
thirst. with pain in the stool, with pain in urinating, with pain from
the touch Glimpse of mosquitoes, heatstroke, and beasts crawled in all
due to the miserable death of the mother. because of the death of his
father Suffering for the death of a brother and sister with the sorrow
of death of the sisters, suffering due to the death of the son Suffering
for the death of a daughter; also for the calamity of relatives. with
sorrow for the calamity of wealth sad because woe born of disease, due
to woe, woe of morality, due to woe of view, hence the name Vac We can
see... struggling in the world.
[52] This group of beings, who wanders
in the world\'s lusts, is said to be the name of the animal group. The
word Craving means form of lust, Craving, Craving, Gandha, Craving,
Touching, Craving, Dhamma. In lust, the lust is gone. Lust has taken
over possessed by the lustful mind. The word in all worlds is in the
sensual realms, the physical realms, and therefore is called this group
of beings that go in Lust in all worlds.
[53] The words of all those
who are wicked \... profitable are near the mouth. There are those who
are evil, that is, those who are composed of acrobatics, speech, mental
karma, panatibhat, adinnadana, game- \*sumicha charamsu.
wavadapisunawacha pharusawacha touch the fish All faculties, the five
faculties of sensual pleasures, the five imperatives, bad intentions,
bad intentions, therefore they are called bad people. The word profit
near the mouth of death means that people are the people who come to
death, come to death, come to death, come to the devil, come to the
devil, come to death with death, approaching death, sorrowful,
sorrowful, sorrowful, sorrowful, mourning, lamenting

To love, near the mouth of death, the mouth of the devil, to the mouth
of death, therefore it is called many people who are bad \... how much
profit is near the mouth of death. Concerning the Little and Great
Realms
[54] The word is not free from craving in the small and great
worlds, meaning that craving is form, craving, etc., Dhamma. Craving.
The word in the little world and the big world. namely the little world
and the big world, namely karma and vipa life. In karma, it is the
object of birth in the sensual world. In vipakhava is the birthing
machine in the sensual world. In karma, it is a form of birth, in vipava
it is a birth. In form, in karma it is the birth, in the non-formal, in
vipavat it is the birth in the non-formal. in frequent birth in frequent
in frequent access in fertilization In the frequent occurrence of
selfishness. The word is not yet without craving, that is, it is not
free from craving, craving is not yet gone, craving has not been
renounced, craving hasn\'t been vomited. The lust has not gone away. The
craving has not yet been abandoned. Has the lust that has not yet been
relinquished Therefore, it is said that it is not free from craving in
the small world and the great world. The Buddha then said: We can see
this group of beasts. who wanders in lust in all worlds struggling in
the world all bad people Not yet without passion in the big and small
worlds. Prosper near the mouth of death.
[55] The Blessed One said:
You will see the animals Those who struggle are in because of our
adherents. like a swarm of fish struggling in a little water whose
current has ended. The public sees the punishment even then do not lust
for gadgetry Those involved in the worlds should be the ones who are
not. Uphold our conduct. Concerning fidelity, two things
[56] the word
\'You shall see the animals Those who struggle are in because of our
adherents. It is said that our adherence is perseverance. We regard two
things as our adherence to We with our lusts 1. What is our adherence to
lust? Objects that make a territory, a territory, a division, a
division, determine, take hold of ours. with the passion part How much
is approximation, assuming that our objects are approximate, this is our
thing, this is our thing, as much as we like. What we have is about this
shape, sound, smell, taste, cloth, clothes, paint, slaves, goats, sheep,
chickens, pigs, elephants, cattle, horses, donkeys, land, money, gold,
houses. Ratchathani estates, villages, rural areas, rice fields, and
treasuries belong to us. the whole mainland with the ability of lust as
well as lust and perversion 108 This is called our belief with lust.

Why is our belief in view? Twenty mishhaditthi has ten objects.
Antakahika ditthi has ten objects of view, namely, ditthirot.
Ditthikandar is ditthi, thorn is ditthi, struggle is ditthi. The
ingredients are ditthi, holding, clinging, clinging, clinging to the
wrong way, wrong clinging, misunderstanding. Perversion, misconception,
certainty of what is not true, like this, and how much ditthi62
indicates. It is said that adherence to of us with views. The word ye
shall see among the beasts struggling within themselves. Our subject
matter is verbal. Among the beasts, even those who are paranoid in our
insatiable objection, are indifferent. When he\'s brewing some, when
he\'s snatching some Even those who are paranoid about variability of
objects that are regarded as ours struggle is yoj Struggling,
struggling, struggling, swaying, swaying, swaying, scattering. when the
object is changing some when the object has changed some Behold, behold,
behold, behold, look, behold, and behold, amongst the beasts, who are
struggling, struggling, tormented, swayed, swayed, swayed. this
Therefore it is said that you should see the animals that struggle in
because of our subject matter.
[57] The word is like a group of fish
struggling in water. Few, whose currents are gone, say that a swarm of
fish that have been picked up by a flock of crows or egrets Struggling,
frantic, frantic, shaken, swayed, swayed back and forth in the little
water. There is little water, and the water dries up. As a group of
beasts, even those who are paranoid in our contention, struggle, that
is, when they He\'s making some, when he\'s taken some. Even those who
are paranoid Varying of our objects of view tumultuous, shaken The
object is changing at some point. When that object has changed somewhat,
so it is called, like a swarm of fish struggling in a little water whose
current has ceased.
[58] Even so, the people who see the blame We
regard our conduct as seeing, seeing, experiencing, comparing,
examining, inspecting, making notice of the penalty in, because of the
object of our esteem, hence the name. saw the penalty even then. Our
adherence to our conduct is that our adherence is There are two kinds of
us: our adherence to our desires, our adherence to our views, and so on.
This is called clinging. regarded us with passion etc. This is called
fidelity. regard ours with a view, should abandon our dignity not laying
down my beliefs from my view and not holding on to what my eyes, sota,
gana, chihuahua, body, mind do not take; that is, neither does nor does
it. Confident, not clinging to form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family,
abbot, fortune, rank, praise, happiness, robes, alms, senasana, kilan,
pharmacological factors, kamma-elements, form-elements,
non-formal-elements, erotic-elements, form-factors, non-physics.

Asanyapop, Neva-Sana-na-na-na-pop, Ekvo-kar-p-pop, Chatu-wo-Karnpop,
Panchavokarp-p, past, future, present Dhitasutmutvinyatabbhadhamma
should behave, that is, one should live. It goes, turns, maintains, goes
on, so that the self goes on. Therefore, it is called that the people
who see the blame \... should be the one who does not hold on to our
conduct.
[59] the word not to do lust In all worlds there is a saying
that in all worlds That is, in the sensual realm, the form of lust is
called the affiliation. which is the desire Courage, etc., Abhijha
lobha, akusala mun. The word does not do what lust has to do with it. in
all existences, that is, does not do what is involved, that is, does not
cause pleasure, love, lust; Chabangedi only in all worlds Therefore, it
is called not doing any lust related to all beings. There, the Blessed
One said, See thou that amongst the creatures that squirm in because of
our subject matter, like a troop of fish squirming in the flowing little
water, the evil eye, though. Then, not doing any lust related to all
beings, should be one who does not hold on to our conduct.
[60] The
Blessed One said: Theerachon had to limit the satisfaction of both of
them in the end. Having established a sense of touch, it is not a person
who is enamored with what self-blame. not doing that karma would not get
caught in the view Rom and Sutarom.
[61] The word \"satisfaction
should be eliminated in the end\" means: supremacy, phassa the
supremacy, 1 sassamudaya, supreme; 2, past is supreme; the future is
supreme. 2. Suffering is the ultimate; 1. Suffering is the ultimate; 2.
Name is the end; 1. Form is the end; 2. Inner senses 6 is the end; 1.
Outer senses 6 are the end. 2. The supreme sakkaya is the supreme one,
the sakkaya is the supreme 2. The word satisfaction is contentment, that
is, lust, which is Lustfulness, pleasure is lust for all sensual
pleasures. Lust for lust, lust for lust, lust for lust, lust for lust,
lust for lust, lust for lust, attachment for lust, attachment for lust.
The word to eliminate pleasure in the end, both of which are to be
eliminated, to be eliminated, to be abandoned, to be alleviated, to be
put to an end. give importance to none later which ultimately satisfy
both of them, hence it is called eliminating contentment. Finally, both.

[62] The word that has established the senses and is not a follower of
the senses means that the senses are the eye, the tactile.
auditory-contact

the name is the mind) Touch is the location of the blissful feeling. The
place of suffering is the place where all suffering is touched by the
wholesome sense of touch. communion with unwholesome consciousness
sensibility with kamma vacara citta sensing with rupa
citta-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s
s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-ss as
animitas. touch is lokiya touch is lokuttara touch is the past touch is
the future Current touch What kind of touch can you see like this? This
is the rightness, rightness, and the rightness of the mind. This is
called hapsa. which There are three kinds of contact with degrees,
namely, relatives with degrees. Sa is that I can see and see that this
is this stupa, this ear touch, this ghama touch, this cries for this
touch, this body touch, this mind touch, this supreme touch, this
shaming, this shaming. This is the place of suffering, this is the place
of suffering, this is the place of suffering Established in this
sorrowful and sorrowful feeling, with this wholesome mind, Payut with
this unwholesome mind touched comprehension with this consciousness
Payut with this kama vacara mind This is the contact with the
arupavakara mind, this contact is sunyata, this contact is non-existent.
This litta touches This epiphanyta touched the world. This touch is the
world, this touch is the past, this touch is the future. This touch is
Now this is called relative degree. Why is it a diploma? Thirachon had
already learned this. contemplating by the touch, that is, contemplating
by the presence of mijak, suffering, disease, abscess, arrow, hardship.
Being afflicted with something else doesn\'t belong. power is a damaged
item, a skunk is a sin is a disaster Creation is a shattered thing, a
broken thing, an impermanent thing, an imperishable thing, a shattered
thing, a thing of nothing, a thing that is unstable. as a defenseless
Snacks are empty, they are lost, they are eternal, they are punishable,
they are subject to change in nature, they are free of cores. Substances
are the source of hardships. as an assassin It is a thing without
prosperity. belonging to filth belonging to the cause of improvement
dressed as a victim of the devil It is normal, it is normal, it is
normal, it is parasitic, it is normal, it is dead. They belong to
mesoka, parideva, dukkha, damanas, and upayas. It\'s normal, it\'s sad,
it\'s just, it\'s the cause of suffering, it\'s something that goes
away, it\'s something that invites you to cherish and rejoice. Thaneep
Nissara, this is called Bachelor\'s Degree. What is a degree?
Theerachon, having considered this, neglects, alleviates, puts an end to
the non-existence after which I feel in touch. Indeed, as the Blessed
One said, in what sense, bhikkhus, did I enlighten? All of you, leave me
alone. I know that will be yours. all of you have severed roots thus
there is no location like a palm stump. to the absence of internal after
there is no occurrence In the future, this is a common practice. This is
called a high school degree.

The term defines touch Established by these three degrees of
sensibility. The word not being a follower means that craving is called
attraction, i.e. lust, lust. Nanadla, etc., Abhijha lobha, unappealing.
That kind of passion can be ignored by any person. Severed and calm can
be suppressed, so there should not be any incineration. Then, by fire,
that person\'s insight is called a person who is not attracted to it.
That person is not enamored, that is, is not attracted, is not
fascinated, is not immersed in form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family,
abbot, wealth, yos, Sansern, Suk, robes, binta, senasana, kilan,
pharmacological factors, virika, kamathat, avatar *. Elemental, kama,
immaterial, non-formal, realm, unahn, naya, na, na, na, na, na, , , , ,
, , , , , , ,* or Dharma, Spiritual Tabbadhamma, that is, one who
relaxes, frees, vomits, renounces, renounces, renounces, relinquishes,
relents. The craving has been extinguished, it has settled down, and has
enjoyed happiness, one lives as a Brahma. Therefore, it is said that by
establishing and knowing the touch, it does not lead to a follower.

[63] The word self-blame. Not doing that karma, that is, Dhirajhon
criticizes any karma by himself, Dhirajhon criticizes oneself for two
reasons: because he did it and because he didn\'t do it. How do you
criticize yourself for doing and not doing it? Thirachon would like to
say that we have corrupted our bodies. not acting in good faith We do
corrupt words. Do not speak honestly We do dishonesty, not honesty. not
abstaining from alms We do indignity, do not abstain from Adni. Nathan,
we make a lie We do not abstain from lies, we do not abstain from lies.
Words that we do evil, words do not refrain from evil words. We make
fish paste Do not refrain from touching fish. We do enlightenment, not
enlightenment, we do vindictiveness, not enlightenment. We do
Michaditthi, not Righteousness. Because he did it and because he didn\'t
do it this way. On the other hand, Thirachana criticized him for not
doing perfection in the precepts. Does not protect anus in organic,
unknown in nutrition Not diligently engaged in perseverance is
awakening, does not consist of consciousness. Nya does not develop
mindfulness, 4 does not develop sympathy, 4 does not develop power, 4
does not develop organics, 5 does not develop physical strength, 5 does
not develop enlightenment, 7 does not develop Prosperous Noble Eightfold
Path, without sorrow, never giving up sorrow. not prosperous He did not
inform Nirodha Thirachonyo\'s decision to criticize him because he had
done it and because he had not done this. Do not do the karma that one
blames in this way, that is, that kamma has not yet arisen. not ready
Not to be born, not to be born, to be born only Therefore, what is the
name of one\'s censure that does not commit that karma?
[64] The word
Thirachon is not attached to the view and the sutaram. It means that
addiction is two kinds of addiction, namely addiction. Craving 1,
clinging to view, etc., this is also called attachment. This lust, etc.,
is called the adherence to the supposition that Theerachon is a person
who is wise. The clothes look me up.

with wisdom (Graduates) Ya Jam Jang the wise is a destroyer. Desires.
Teerachon renounces lust, renounces lust. It doesn\'t stick to it, it
doesn\'t get attached to it. to become a person who is not attached,
does not get caught is the issuer who has renounced and is not related
In the dittharom sutarom mutarom, the soul tarom is a person with
determination. make it free from the realm of passion Therefore, it is
said that Teerachon will not get caught up in views and subjugation.
Therefore, the Blessed One said that Teerachon should get rid of his
contentment. finally two Having established a sense of touch, he is not
a follower of one\'s self, criticizing any karma. That karma will not be
caught in Thitthamon and Sutarom.
[65] The Blessed One said: Muni has
already announced the contract. Do not get caught up in all adherences,
should be crossed, void, has already withdrawn the arrow. Do not be
careless in conduct, do not expect this world and the next.
[66] The
word stipulated that the contract \... can be bypassed. There is a
*saying that the contract is kama- contract, phayapatha sana, vihingsa
sanya, nekkham sana, upyapat sanya. Avihimsa sana, form of contract,
satta sana, gandha sana, tang sana, dharma sana, dhamma sanya, what is
perceived as such is knowledge and being, this is known as omniscience.
The word contract has been established, it means that the contract has
been established with three degrees, namely relative degree, degree
degree, degree level, degree degree. What is it? The muni knows the
contract, that is, knows, and sees that this is the sensual contract,
this the coercion. This promise This is a promise This up Yapat
promised. This is nonviolence, this form of contract, this truth, this
saga, this saga, this saga, this saga, this dhammasaya, this is called
kinship. What is the degree? Muni had already learned this.
\'Contemplates the contract as being of equality, suffering as a
disease, as an abscess, as an arrow, as suffering as an affliction.
belonging to something else (object of power) damaged It\'s a disaster,
it\'s a danger. Obstacles are things that are shaken, things are broken
things, etc., things are the cause of suffering, things are
extinguished, things are inviting to soak in the sun. This Nissara is
called Bachelor\'s Degree. What is a degree? Muni, having considered
this, neglects, alleviates, puts an end to nothing later. which I
understand in the contract. It is as true as the Blessed One said, O
monks, in any covenant, do you disregard it? I know that will always
belong. which all of you have left The severed root set up like a palm
sap Later, there is no in the future naturally in this way. This is
called Pan-Bhiriya* .

The word that the contract has been established means that the contract
has been established by these three degrees. He ascended beyond the
bounds of kama okha bhava o kha ditthi okha avijja okha, therefore it is
called knowing the covenant and then crossing over the void. Yes.
[67]
The word muni does not cling to all clings. It means that clinging is
two kinds of clinging: clinging to one\'s desires, clinging to This is
called clinging to lust, etc. This is called clinging to view. The word
Muni is said to be wisdom. Mona is wisdom. General knowledge, etc.
Dharma, personal opinion Consisting of that yana, the name is Muni, the
one who has insight called Mona. Physical 1 Verbal Moneydhamma 1 Mental
Money Dhamma 1. What is physical moneyydhamma? Abandoning the three
kinds of corruption is called Moneyya Dharma of the body. The three
truths of the body: the mind has the body as the emotion, the body with
the degree, the path of the co-operation with the degree, the
abandonment of the passion in the body. death of the body attainment The
name is Jamonayya physical nature. This is called Moneya Dharma of the
body. verbal morality Why? The four corrupt practices are called verbal
monetization. Four kinds of speech: yana has speech as emotion; speech
with degree; path for companionship with degree; abandonment of
generosity in speech. the extinction of speech attainment of secondary
meditation The name is verbal chamoney. This is called verbal
moneydhamma. What is mental morality? Three kinds of neglect and
dishonesty are called mental money dharma. There are three kinds of
honesty: wisdom with mind as emotion, mind with degree, the way of union
with degree, abandonment, passion in mind. The cessation of the mind and
the attainment of the Vedic Nirodha contract is called Vajmoneyaya
Dharma of the mind. This is called Moneyadharma of the mind. as true as
the Blessed One said. The scholars have spoken of a person who is a muni
in body, a muni in speech, a muni in her mind. Cannot find the taint as
a man, one who has reached the dharma that makes it a muni, who has
given up all defilements. of the person who is The physical muni is the
verbal muni. One cannot find the taint as a muni, one who has reached
the dharma that has made him a man, one who has sinned. Those who have
the virtues These three muni are called muni. There are 6 types of muni,
namely, Muni building, Anakaramuni, Sekhamuni, Asekhamuni, Pacekmuni,
Muni Muni. What is the Muni building? ? Which people are householders?
There is a chapter, nirvana, which is seen There is an enlightened
religion. These people are called Muni Buildings. Why is Anakarmuni?
Which people are ordained? There is nirvana, which is seen, there is a
religion, known; these people are called Anakaramuni. The seven classes
of monks are called Sekhamuni. All arahants are called Asekhamuni. Many
of the Pacceka Buddhas are called Paccekamuni. The Tathagata Arahant
Buddha\'s name Jamunimuni. As real as the Buddha image. The Lord Buddha
said

A person is not a muni by being calm. but he is an ignorant person, who
is knowledgeable, who is a graduate, holds noble virtues Ignore all sins
like a person holding a scale, therefore a person is called a muni.
Knowing the two worlds It is called a muni by this reason. Anyone who
knows the Dhamma of the Unsound and the Dharma of the Dharma in all
worlds, both internally and externally, advancing the Dharma is related
and Craving just as the network lives as a person who worships gods and
human beings, that person is called Muni. The word \"attachment\" means
two kinds of addiction, namely, one\'s addiction, one\'s addiction, one
etc. This is called lust\'s addiction, etc. This is the name. that the
obsession with the view The muni renounces lust, renounces lust,
renounces one\'s addiction, does not cling to, is not attached to, is
non-attachment does not get caught up and is a sacrificial person
without breaking is involved in all clingings, one whose mind is made
free from the realm of defilements, therefore it is said that a muni
does not cling to all clings. 68] The word one who has withdrawn an
arrow, is not heedless and behaves, means that an arrow is seven arrows,
namely, an arrow is lust, an arrow. is wrath, arrow is ruler, arrow is
mana, arrow is view. arrow is sorrow The arrow is doubt. these arrows
Whoever has renounced, is cut off, is calmed, is suppressed, prevents
this from happening. Burned by the fire is wisdom, that person is called
a vagabond. The arrow is withdrawn. One who has lost desire, is
quenched, cooled, enjoys happiness, lives like a brahma. Therefore, he
is known as the one who withdraws the arrow. Then the word conduct is to
behave, roam, go, turn, maintain, go on, let the self go on. The word
careless means being a person with generosity, making contact, not
stopping, having uncompromising behavior. Don\'t settle, I don\'t give
up on all the wholesome qualities. satisfaction of effort perseverance
and leadership The non-returning, the sane Perseverance Passion, supreme
perseverance, determination, frequent comprehension heedlessness in that
wholesome dharma that we should live in virtue is not perfect or should
be Congratulations to the precepts that are plentiful in that place with
wisdom by devising as follows: carelessness is contentment, etc. We
should complete the samadhi of the immature aggregates, or we should
support the aggregates of samadhi. complete that place with wisdom by
devising as follows. Heedlessness is contentment, etc. We should either
endow the wisdom that is not yet perfect, or we should support the
wisdom that is perfect in that place. in the following ways: heedfulness
is contentment, etc. We should give the immature liberation.

to be complete, or to advocate for the abundance in that place with
wisdom in any way as follows. Satisfied, etc. in that wholesome dharma,
that we should give liberation that is not perfect, or should support
the liberation. The wisdom that is perfected in that place by way of
deceit is as follows. Sah, being a diligent person who doesn\'t back
down, being mindful and understanding perseverance is the engine hot
passion supreme perseverance, determination, frequent commitment
Heedlessness, in that wholesome dharma, we should define the unsettled
suffering. Knowing and letting go of all defilements I did not rely on
to develop the path that has not yet developed has already been notified
by a scheme as follows: Therefore, he is known as the one who withdraws
the arrow. is a person who does not carelessly behave.
[69] One does
not hope for this world and the next; one does not expect this world,
that is, one\'s self, does not hope for the next world, that is, the
existence in the Hereafter. Do not expect this world, namely form,
feeling, covenant, body and spirit. Do not expect the next world, namely
the form, feeling, covenant, body and soul of the person. not expecting
this world is the inner senses; not expecting the next world is the
outer senses; I hope for the next world is the form-element, the
non-formal element. I don\'t expect this world, which is the
sensual-element, I don\'t expect the next world to be the non-formal
element. He does not want to love anyone and is not satisfied with the
motto, upheaval, fertility, sympathy, or cycle. Therefore, it is said
that he does not hope for this world and the next world. because of that
The Blessed One said, Muni has already announced the contract. Do not
get caught up in all adherences, should be crossed, void, has already
withdrawn the arrow. Do not be careless, behave, do not hope for this
world and the next world as follows. The third niddes on the day of
dayhik kubbmuni
[70] The Blessed One said: Some of them have a bad
heart. really to blame Even if other peoples understand that it is true,
they will criticize them, but Muni is not deceitful. I refer to the
utterances that have arisen, therefore there is no enlightenment of
passion. in any place.
[71] Some of the words of the heart are wicked.
that carelessness to have an evil heart having a wrong mind, only having
a heart that is wrathful Anger only affects having a spiteful heart,
having a specific malice to criticize is to criticize The Blessed One
and the monks with ignorant words Therefore, it is called Jadiatjee.
Some people have a bad heart.

Really criticized.
[72] that even if other people understood it to be
true According to the beliefs of those peoples who are trusted,
established, willing to believe in those deeds, understand that it is
true. It is important that it is true; it is important that it is true;
it is important that it is true; Understand that it\'s true, it\'s
important that it\'s true, understand that it\'s not perverted. It is
important not to warp. They rebuked them. is to blame Blessed One and
the monks with false words, therefore it is said that even those who
perceived it to be true, they criticized it.
[73] The word but muni
does not address the utterances of the Gedi, then the words that are
Words are born into words. Ready to be born and born only and then
appear, namely Voices of others proclaiming, scolding, and blasphemy
against the Blessed One and the Bhikkhus with untrue words. w. In the
word Muni, in the word Muni, I do not know what I mean by wisdom, called
Mona, i.e. wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., non-delusion. Choice,
dharma, right view. A person who is made up of that insight is named
muni, that is, one who has insight called Mona, etc. Whoever knows the
Dhamma of the wicked and the Dharma of all the worlds. Both internally
and externally, aggravated, the Dharma is related and lust is only as if
the network exists as a supporter. already worshiped by gods and humans
That person\'s name was Jamuni. Whoever approaches a censure speech,
that person accesses a censure speech by reason. Two things: being a
doer approaches to critics as an act (accused)1 He was criticized for
being angry and displeased. To respond to anger, distrust, and hate to
appear that we are not the one doing it. That person has access to
words. criticizes for these two reasons. Muni does not reach vatati for
two reasons: he does not act, he does not know vatati. Toei He who does
not act 1 is the one who is criticized by him. He is not angry or
displeased. does not answer, does not make anger, resentment, hatred to
appear that I am not a doer Even if they do not hold, do not cling to,
do not cling to these two reasons Therefore, it is called that but Muni
is unable to understand the speech that has arisen. Concerning the
defilements of the mind 3
[74] the word therefore that the defilements
of the mind does not have strength. Wherever there is a word, because of
that, that is, because of that. because of that because of that because
of that factor because of that tale, being a greedy person Defilements
of mental fixation arise, and there is none for the Muni. is that there
is no such thing as anger, hatred, does not exist, does not appear, does
not enter that is, that defilement is a defilement that is maligned,
then cut off, then calmed down, then suppressed and prevented. should
happen to be incinerated. Then by fire is wisdom. The word anywhere is
anywhere, anywhere, everywhere, internally, externally, or both
internally and externally. Therefore, it is called because

Therefore, the defilements of the mind do not have scams. In any place
really to blame Even if other peoples understand that it is true, they
will criticize them, but Muni is not deceitful. I refer to the
utterances that have arisen, therefore there is no enlightenment of
passion. in any place.
[75] The Exalted One said: People who go after
their satisfaction established in preferences Be careful of the views of
How did he get it? But when a person fills himself with knowledge, that
is how it should be said. Concerning views
[76] How can one neglect
one\'s view, which one has a view? This emperor has contentment, liking,
ideology, hospitableness, this desire, that we have slaughtered her,
slaughtered her aesthetic name. The condemnation of the Sakyaputra has
been announced. will bring back fortune Worshiping that samana by such a
scheme those cares One cannot deny one\'s views, preferences, likes,
doctrines, and wants. Indeed, it is this disgrace that comes back to the
diehards, hence the name. How can a person detract from his view? In
this way. another Whoever has this saying, \'The world is eternal, this
is true. nothing else How should a person advance, advance, advance
well, neglect their views, preferences, likes, doctrines, goodwill, and
desires? . What is the reason for that? Because of that view that a
person has attained, cherished, cherished, cherished, enthralled,
humiliated, so perfected, hence the name that one should be able to
deflect one\'s view. no profit Even in this way. Whoever has a saying
like this that the world is impermanent...the world has a place. ...the
world has no place ...that is life, that body is that... life is another
body, that is another ... The animal before but is dead is again ... The
animal before but After death, there will be no more. The beasts that
precede but are dead are another mile. is not a foreigner There were...
the beasts in front, but they were already dead. It is neither nor is it
nor is it. This is true, nothing else is. How should a person advance,
advance, advance well, neglect their views, preferences, preferences,
doctrines, goodwill, and desires? . What is the reason for that? Because
of that view that a person has attained, cherished, cherished,
cherished, cherished, and therefore perfected his will. Therefore, it is
called a person who should deceive. How can one of his own, even in this
way? established in pleasure, there is a saying that one who goes
according to his will is that one will go and drift away. go in the
direction of satisfaction one\'s cult likes to move in an elephant
vehicle The chariot of the cowyan, the goat, the sheep, the camel, the
donkey, therefore, it was called

Those who follow satisfaction. The word surrenders to one\'s views,
contentment, preferences, one\'s own doctrine, hence the name word. A
person who goes after his pleasure has established himself in his will.

[78] The word person, when he fills himself, means that one fills,
completes, does not deteriorate, is excellent, sublime, splendid.
Chairman Udom Bowon, that is, to be born, to be ready, to be born, to be
born only by oneself. This teacher is omnipotent. This Dharma, which the
Master has already taught This Sangha has performed well. Ditthisee is
prosperous This sacrament The Prophet has made a good law. This path is
the elimination tool, therefore it is called a person when doing full
manually.
[79] Whatever the word knows, it must be said. That a person
knows something, should say, speak, show, make such a statement. is to
know that the world is eternal, this is true. Anything else, it should
be said, said, spoken, made such a statement. Knowing that the world is
not dying, etc., the beings that precede but are dead are not the other,
they are not. This is not true, and anything else should be said, said,
expressed, and pronounced in such a way. That Zhang. because of that The
Blessed One said, People who go after their satisfaction Having
established himself in his will, how can one neglect one\'s view? But
when a person fills himself with knowledge, that is how it should be
said.
[80] The Exalted One said: No one asked. He tells others his
precepts and practices. All the wise say that there is no noble one.
Those who are wise also say that they are not virtuous.
[81] The word
\... identifies one\'s precepts and observances. any, whatever, any
composition, any kind, any condition, whatever Is it a monarch, a
brahmin, a sex, a dharma, a layman, a clergyman, a deity? is a human
being. The word precepts and observances mean that some places are
precepts and observances. In some places it is a ritual but it is not a
precept. Regarding morality and virtue, why is it a virtue and a ritual?
compulsory precepts Concluding in the Patimokkha Arrived with Ajara and
orbiting. One who sees the dangers in a small number of penalties, is
educated in all the precepts, comprehension, caution, carelessness,
these are the precepts Reconciliation is called the observance. Because
of the point of view, it is called morality. Because of the point of
view, reconciliation is called the observance. This is called sacrament
and sacrament. Why is it a sacrament but not a sacrament? The 8th ghat
(the body of the bhikkhu who eliminates defilements) 8 is Arany-
dapatikangkhadong pangsukulikadong dapatikangkhadong

Klupatchaphatti Kangkhadong Nescha This
chi-kang-khang-yatha-santhati-khang-khang is called a ritual but is not
a precept. Even the reconciliation of perseverance It is called a
ritual, but it is not a precept. That is to say, the Great Being
supported his desire to leave only skin, tendons and bones. Let the
flesh and blood of your body dry up. What bricks would be achieved by
the strength of a man? by the strength of men by the perseverance of the
man, by the perseverance of the man that has not been achieved. There
will be no cessation of perseverance, so even this kind of
reconciliation, perseverance It is called a ritual, but it is not a
precept. The Great Sovereign supported his will. Our minds will never be
freed from all taints, because by not holding on to it, we will not
destroy the throne. (Sitting because of the legs wrapped around me) Just
like this, even this kind of reconciliation and perseverance is called a
ritual but not a virtue. The monks held up their minds. When the arrow
is a lust that we have not yet plucked, we will not eat. does not drink,
does not leave the temple, nor will he lean in like this; It is called a
ritual, but it is not a precept. The bhikkhu holds his mind that our
mind will not be freed from all taints. No matter how confident we are,
we will not rise up from this asana \... will not step down from the
court \... will not leave the sanctuary \... will not leave the house.
There is only one roof \... will not leave the castle \... will not
leave the bald house \... will not leave the cave \... will not leave
the mountain cave \... will not leave the fort \... will not leave the
roundhouse \... will not leave the fenced house \... will not leave the
guarded pavilion \... will not leave the palace \... will not out of the
base of the tree, just like that: This time, it\'s called Vaj. It is a
routine but not a precept. The monk insists that this morning we will
bring it well, achieve it, correct it, and make it clear. Thus the Noble
Dharma, even this kind of reconciliation and persistence is called
speech as an observance but not a morality. The monks held up their
minds. At noon today \... In this evening \... In the past this evening
\... In the afterlife \... In this early hour \... In this middle time
\... In the latter hour \... In the other In this hotel \... In this
upside \... In this rainy season \... In this winter \... In this summer
\... In this early age \... In this middle age ... In this latter age,
we will bring it, bring it well, attain, attain, right, and enlighten
the Noble Dharma. It\'s called Penang. Rhetoric but not a precept. The
word people are non-living beings, living beings, being born. Birth of a
human karma Therefore, whoever is called
[82] The word \"no one
asks,\" says \... to other peoples, it means that the other peoples are
kings, brahmins, and vats. The word no one asks is that no one asks,
does not ask, does not ask, does not invite, does not invite. The word
\'pretend\' means to boast of one\'s own precepts, certain virtues and
practices. (Explain) to boast, to tell, to speak, to show, to state that
I am the with some precepts Arrived with some measurements arrived with
precepts and

Some temples, even with some nations even with some descent even with
being a son of some family Even with being a person of good shape, with
some wealth, with some sharing. Some invites, with some work duties.
even with some liberal arts Some with academic standing, some with
education. Arrived with some improvisation. even with any object, some
ordained from a high family ordained from a large family of Chang
Ordained from a family with great wealth Some ordained from a family
with great wealth He was famous and had a higher rank than some lay
people and monks. Some of them have knowledge of the basics, some are
memorized, some are sutras, some have disciplined. Is it fair? Some
holders of alms in the forest Some holders of alms as a measure is the
holder of the requiem robes as a measure is the holder of the three
robes as a measure Being a shareholder Alms alms to go in the order of
the alleys as an observance, some of them are not conscientious holders.
The latter is some measure. is the holder of the sitting as a measure is
the holder of the Senasana that he has established How to give? Some
meditations are the first ones, some are the second ones, some are the
masters. Some of them are the ones who get the four jhanas, and some are
the ones. airman some Some are the ones who have their souls. Insulators
promise some self-sufficiency, hence the name that no one asks, says ...
to other peoples.
[83] The words of the wise say no noble There is
wisdom in the senses. Wise in meditation, wise in mindfulness, wise in
meditation. Wise in power, wise in organics, wise in strength, wise in
enlightenment, wise in path, wise in fruit, wise in Nirvana. Now, that
Dharma belongs to the barbarians, that Dharma is not of the Aryans. that
dharma of the rascals That dharma is not for the sages, that dharma is
not for the sinners. therefore they are called the wise men. that there
is no noble virtue.
[84] The word \"Whoever declares himself\" means
that the self is called one\'s self. The word self-proclaimed is to
boast of oneself, that is, to show off, to tell, to speak, to show, to
state that I am the one who is ready. obey with some precepts Arrived
with some measurements Arrived with precepts and observances even with
some nation even with some descent to be ready son of the Bang family
With some virtuousness, some with some beauty, with some wealth, some
with some invitation. arrived with some work duties even with some
source of arts even with some academic standing Some arrive with some
education, some with some impulse. even with some object, some ordained
from a high family ordained from a large family of Chang Ordained from a
family with some wealth ordained from the family The great treasure was
a famous person. The ranks were higher than those of laymen and monks
who received alms robes, senas, and some medicinal necessities. He is
the one who memorizes some sutras. He is a disciplined person. Is it
fair? is the holder of the forest as a measure being a holder of alms as
a measure be the holder

Requiem cloth as a measure is the holder of the three robes as a measure
be the holder of the alms round in order Some alleys are temples. Are
you a person who does not serve food after it is a measure? He is the
holder of some sittings; he is the holder of the sanasana that he has
arranged as a measure; he is the one who Some of them have received a
second meditation. are some of the people who have graduated was the
recipient of some four Some of them are the ones who have the real
estate, some are the ones who have their souls Some of them were the
ones who received the contracts- \*Some of them were the ones who had
the promises. Therefore it is called that any person will tell himself.
The Buddha then said: No one asked. He tells others his precepts and
rituals. The wise say that there is no noble one, but any one tells
himself, the wise say. that there is no morality.
[85] The Blessed One
said: But a peaceful monk quenching selfish defilements and not boasting
in all the precepts that I am Thus, the wise said that the monk had this
noble dharma. passion is the cause Rise is not for any bhikkhu anywhere
in the world, say the wise. That monk has noble dharma. who was called a
monk
[86] the word, but a peaceful monk Having quenched one\'s own
defilements, it is said that he is calm, because he is calm; he is calm,
suspending, suppressing, burning, quenching, without calmness, lust,
resentment, infatuation, anger, and anger. I Anger, negligence,
hypocrisy, envy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, stubbornness,
arrogance, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all
defilements, all corruption. All anxiety, all agitation, all affliction,
all unwholesome qualities. Therefore, he is called a person who is calm,
who enters, is calm, has ceased, is calm, therefore is called a person
who is calm. The word bhikkhu means that because he destroys seven
things, he is called a bhikkhu, that is, breaking the tattoo.
Thiwichikitchasiluptapramas lust, hatred, and mana. That bhikkhu has
destroyed the filthy unwholesome qualities. is a factor The tarnish is
born in the new world, there is a lot of anxiety. Suffering is the place
where the nation continues to age and die. It is as true as the Blessed
One said: \"Dhamma, who is to be commended for these beings that they
have reached their nirvana? Chacharoen crosses doubts After all, which
decay and prosperity is finished and has a new life, that person is a
bhikkhu. In addition, a person who is calm is called a monk.

The word cessation of one\'s own defilements means because he is a
person. against the desire for irritation infatuation anger Anger,
negligence, hypocrisy, envy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness,
stubbornness, arrogance, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence,
all desires. All rage, all anxiety, all rage. all trouble Abhisankhara
is all unwholesome qualities, therefore it is called the one who has
quenched the defilements in oneself, hence the name verb. But a bhikkhu
who has calmed himself has quenched his desires.
[87] The word not
boasting in the precepts that I am thus is said that Itiham (I am thus)
is a term. hoe related to the chapter completeness of the chapter It is
the assembly of letters, it is the refinement of the consonants, the
word itiham follows the order of the chapters. The word not boasting in
virtues means that some monks in this Dharma and Discipline are
boastful, boastful, arrogant, arrogant, arrogant. I am the one who
arrives with some precepts, with some rituals, with some precepts and
teachings. some, even with some nations even with some descent to be
ready son of the Bang family Even with being someone who has some
beauty, etc., is the one who has brought some promises of
self-realization. This monk does not boast or boast. that is, the one
who abstains, shakes off, lacks, is not associated with arrogance. He is
one whose mind is made free from the realm of defilements. Therefore,
the name says, he does not boast in the virtues that I am like this.
Concerning the One who has the Noble Dhamma
[88] The words that the
wise say that the monk has noble dharma means that the wise are those
who Which one of these is the wise in the aggregates, the wise in the
elements, the wise in the senses, the wise in the mind, the wise in the
mind? Wise in supremacy, wise in power, wise in organics, wise in
strength, wise in bojjaga, wise in the path, wise in fruit, wise in
nirvana, those wise are magic. Saying, saying, speaking, showing,
declaring like this that the Dharma belongs to the civilized people,
that Dharma is not of the Barbarians. that virtue of the graduate Dharma
is not a fool that of their nature The righteous is not of the wicked,
therefore hence the name of the wise said monks that there is noble
virtue.
[89] The term defilement does not apply to any monk anywhere
in the world. It is said that any monk is an Arahant whose taint has
passed away. Jaquiles Spain The arising of defilements is the seven
causes of the rise: lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, and
karma. which does not appear, cannot enter, is the nature of that monk
and then cut off the peace, thus preventing it from happening. Burning
Then by fire is wisdom. The word go anywhere is anywhere, anywhere,
everywhere, internally, externally, or both internally and externally.
The word in the world is in the evil world, the human world, the world,
the world khandha, the world element, the world\'s shame, hence the
name. that defilement is a cause for the rise of no bhikkhu anywhere
else in the world.

because of that The Blessed One said, But a peaceful monk The passion in
one\'s self has been extinguished. not boasting in the precepts that I
am. Thus, the wise say that the monk has a noble virtue, that defilement
does not arise for any monk. Anywhere in the world, the wise say that a
monk has noble dharma. Concerning Ditthithamma
[90] The Blessed One
said: What are the views of the lords? The dharma that a person has
established, that the preceding factors, is not clean, exists, and that
person is a person who lives by virtue. visible in one\'s self and
relying on the peace that begins coexistence occurs He should exalt
himself or injure others.
[91] The words of your own views, any views
that are decreed by that person, by the modifiers, are said to be
predetermined. These are the two precepts, namely craving 1, biased
precepts, etc. This is called craving, etc. This is called set by law
thi. The word that enhances is a thing that enhances and enhances, and
then improves tailored set it down and ready. Therefore, it is called
the improvement factor. On the other hand, the term that enhances is the
ignorance of the additives which is justified based on together happens,
there is an end go, there is a decay, there is a cessation, there is a
cessation, hence the name of a word that is a condition that enhances
it. e Ditthi Dharma, therefore, it is called all Ditthi Dhamma. of any
of you It is fair that that person has determined. at the modifiers.

[92] The word acts in the Pages are not clean and white. the word
action in the foreground namely, the actions in the foreground are:
Actions in the foreground by lust 1, actions in the foreground with
views, etc. are called actions in the foreground. Craving, etc., this is
called precedence by views. that person does not leave the action in
Forward with passion do not renounce the actions in the foreground with
a view because he is the one who does not give up his actions in the
foreground with lust because it is a person He does not relinquish his
actions in the foreground with views. That person is called wandering.
The job of a lustful person is a Thongchai. with lust as the top flag,
with lust as the flag as big as the flag of victory The view is about
the surroundings, therefore it is called acting in the fore. The word to
exist is to have it. The word is not clean is not pure white. not bright
Purity is sorrow and blemish. Therefore, it is said that it is done in
the foreground, not white and clean, it exists.


[93] The word virtue seen in one\'s self means that the word yattani
is cut as yattani. Ditthi is called self. That person sees two virtues
of his view, one in this life, one in the next life, and one. What is
the supremacy in this life? those with such views The disciples
venerated, venerated, venerated, revered, revered, and respected the
Master, who had such a view. He was given the robes of alms robes,
senas, and kilana, the amulet that had the Master, so it was called the
virtue of view in this life. What is the virtue of view in the next
life? That person would hope for future results that this view should be
for the Naga, the Garuda, the giant, the beast, the Dharma, the Great,
the Indra. Whether it is a Brahma or a deity, this view should be for
the sake of purity, excellence, purity, escaping, escaping, escaping.
Gone, emancipated. By this view, I will become pure, pure, virtuous,
purified, escaping, escaping, liberating. By this view, this is called
the virtue of view. have in the next life. That person sees, sees, sees,
sees, considers, and considers these two virtues of his view, therefore
he is called the virtue that is seen in him. on peace 3
[94] the word
that person is a person It is said that there are three aspects of
peace, namely peace by one division, peace by one, by one by one. . Why
is peace in one part? Immortal nirvana is the cessation of all
faculties, the renunciation of all clingings, the cessation of craving,
the cessation of cravings, the cessation of cravings, this is called
absolute peace, this is the daily sati. W. What is peace by that person?
Person who has attained the first meditation There is a new peaceful.
The one who has attained the Second Jhana has calmed his worries and
critics. Those who have attained the Titi Jhana are at peace. The one
who attains the Fourth Jhana is happy and in sorrow. The one who attains
the Akasanajaya has a form of contract. have a feeling Peace of mind
There is a spirit of self-sufficiency that promises peace. The person
who fulfilled the concept of Na Sanyat Jan Peace of mind, the promise of
peace. This is called peace by simple people. Why is peace by assuming?
Ditthi 62 The view that has gone quiet is called assuming peace.
Incidentally, peace The Blessed One wants peace in this spell. It is
said that by virtue and by virtue of the aggravated peace that
cohabitation arises, the word dependent is entangled, entwined,
enamored, complacent (that virtue), and to accommodating peace. is a
general relapse The quake hit the one he had already determined.

which he has determined all over the place is not equal In the things
that enhance and coexist with each other, they naturally disappear, fade
away, and disappear, therefore, that person is called a person who lives
by virtue. s, and an accommodating peace arose. because of that The
Blessed One said, What are the views of the lords? Dharma that that
person has determined at the modifier factor done in the foreground, is
not pure, is present, and that person is a person who relies on the
merits seen in him. And by the beginning of peace that accompanies each
other, one should exalt or subdue others. concerning obedience
[95]
The Blessed One said: Confidence with pride It is not a symptom that is
easily advancing at all. agreeing to all the dharmas It is not a symptom
that is easily distracted. Some ordinary people give up dharmas, hold on
to dharmas.
[96] The word stubbornness does not lead to aggressive
behavior. Simply put, it is said that the concept of supremacy is the
belief that the world is eternal, that this is true, that anything else
is null. Or clinging to the belief that the world is not equal, only
this is true, nothing else, the fourth world \... the world has no end
\... that life is that body \... life is Other things, the body is
another \... The animal before but dies is again \... The animal before
but dies is no more \... The animal before. but death is another
kilometer There are ... animals in front of them, but they die again,
they don\'t die again, they don\'t. f only this is true otherwise, this
is called stubborn belief. The word is not easy to deal with. It is a
symptom that is difficult to move, difficult to bend, difficult to move.
It is difficult to behave, therefore it is called stubborn belief. It is
certainly not an easily advanced symptom.
[97] The word having reached
an agreement in the dharmas and having taken hold of it means that the
word in the dharmas is in view 62. The word reaching agreement means
that it is decided find, seek, compare, inspect, investigate, make it
clear Having made it clear, then hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on,
hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on That this
is true, true, certain, is reality, is reality and is not perverted,
therefore it is called acquiring agreement in the dharmas.
[98] The
word therefore, in those convictions, the people \... is said to be the
word therefore, therefore. Because of that situation, because of that,
because of that factor, because of that story. The word rachon is an
immortal being, a living person, a born person. Beings are born with
human beings. The word in those beliefs is that in all views, therefore
the name is spoken; therefore, it is called In those beliefs, the
students

on the renunciation of two things
[99] the word renounce some dharmas
Hold on to some Dharma. The word surrender means surrendering for two
reasons: renunciation by the judgment of the person. renunciation 1. How
does a person surrender by the judgment of others? Others will judge
that the Prophet is not the omniscience of the Prophet, that is not the
Dharma that the Prophet has spoken and that the group is not
enlightened. One who practices good views is not a prosperous view. The
observance is not a good practice by the Prophet. There is no path
leading out of suffering. Purity, absolute purity, purity, liberation,
salvation, or liberation do not exist. In this way, the people are not
pure, not virtuous, not virtuous, not virtuous, not virtuous, or
virtuous because of that doctrine. The doctrine is vile, depraved,
obscene, filthy, inferior. Others will disobey. like this when Others
judge in this way, renounce the teachings that the Prophet said,
renounce the group, renounce views, renounce practices, renounce the
way. in this way. So how do you give up? The people are not yet
virtuous, they have renounced their precepts. to accomplish one\'s own
renunciation, renunciation, unsuccessful So the Jeanne gave up like
this. noun hold some dharma, that is, the people will hold on, hold on,
hold on to the prophet The dharma that the teacher told the sect of
sectarianism, hence the name vaj, renounce the dharma. because of that
The Blessed One said, Confidence with pride It is not a symptom that is
easily vexed, to come to terms with all the dharmas and to hold on to
it; therefore, in those holdings Some ordinary people give up dharmas,
hold on to dharmas.
[100] The Blessed One said that the view that is
predetermined to be born in the small world and the big world is not
available to the person who has Wisdom anywhere in the world, because a
person who has attained wisdom and perseverance is a person without
boundaries. access machine What will be carried away by passion?
Concerning the wise
[101] The word ditthi that is determined for birth
in the small world and the great world. There is no intelligent person
anywhere in the world. Wisdom is called Thona, which is knowledge,
universal knowledge, fae choice. I general selection fair choice
definition of goodness Access is specific. Access is specific. graduate
intelligence Being a person with intelligence maintains one\'s own
wisdom. The machine classifies the intelligence, the machine, and the
machine, sees the breadth of wisdom. until the soil of wisdom

Gluttony Destroyer, the Wisdom that leads around machine intelligence
consciousness wit piercing machine obvious machine intelligence wisdom
is great wisdom is strength Wisdom is a science Wisdom is just like a
castle bright wisdom enlightened wisdom glorious wisdom Wisdom is like a
glass, non-delusion, decency, right view. For what reason, wisdom is
called Thona. because of that wisdom as a deterrent Wash and clean the
corrupt body, corrupt speech, dishonest mentality, anger, anger, enmity,
reproach, equality, jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness,
stubbornness, good competition. Arrogance, contempt, drunkenness,
negligence, all defilements. All sorrows, all worries, all agitation,
all afflictions, all unwholesome qualities. because of that Wisdom is
thus called Thona. Samma-ditthi is a machine for eliminating, washing,
washing. Sammā sankappa Sammakammanta ... which Mitchammanta Sammā
vocational ... which Mitchā Vajāvayama ... which Mitchawayama samsati
... which is unsatisfied, samadhi ... which is unsatisfied. Samāyana...
which Michayana Sammā Vimutti is another one that removes, washes and
cleans things that are not clear. The Noble Eightfold Path removes,
washes, cleans, washes away all defilements, all defilements. all the
restlessness All the rage, all the trouble, all the trouble Abhisankhara
is all unwholesome dharmas, the Arahants reach, come in, come in, come
in, come in, come in, come in, come in all dharmas Therefore, the
Arahant is called the Wisdom. That Arahant has eliminated lust, sin,
defilement, and impertinence, so he is called wise. Everywhere,
internally, externally, or both internally and externally. The word in
the world is in the evil world, etc. In the sense of the world. This is
called the setting by desire, this is called the setting by the view.
The words in the little world and in the big world namely, in the small
picture and the big picture, that is, in karma and vipakha, in kamma is
the object of birth in the sensual world. In vipakhava is the birthing
machine in the sensual world. In karma, it is a form of birth. In
Vipakavat is a machine. Born in form, in karma, is born in Arpu. The
existence in the vipavat is a cultivator. in the incarnation, in the
frequent birth, in the frequent in frequent access in fertilization in
the occurrence of selfishness often. In the small and great worlds there
is no one who is wise, anywhere in the world is the view that is
established, established, universal, established, established in the
world. The little and the great worlds do not exist, they do not appear,
they cannot enter. To a wise person anywhere in the world is a view.
which a wise person has abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents
it from happening, has been burned by the fire of knowledge, therefore
it is called the predetermined view. for the sake of In the little world
and in the big world there is none. to a wise person anywhere in the
world.


[102] The word a person who has lost his wisdom and mana. There is a
deceitful behavior Called etiquette. Some people in this world corrupt
behavior verbal corrupt behavior corrupt behavior The desire that is
lewd because of the concealment of corruption is the desire that no one
knows me (that I have acted dishonestly). I will say that no one knows
me, I will try with my body that no one will know me. There is illusion,
ignorance of concealment, concealment, escapism, concealment,
concealment, concealment, lack of f shallow non-disclosure good closure
This act of wickedness is called deceit. The word mana is
presumptuousness, 1 is the high desire of the mind. There are two kinds
of arrogance, namely elevation, 1. Concern about others, 1. Three types
of arrogance, namely arrogance that we are better than him, we are equal
to him, we are worse than him: 1. Four kinds of arrogance: one who
raises one\'s pride because of wealth; one who brings one\'s pride to
one\'s rank; one who raises one\'s pride through praise Self-esteem that
produces happiness 1. Five kinds of self-esteem are: We obtain a form
that pleases us, and our selfishness leads to our loss. The thing that
is pleasing to the arrogance makes us smell pleasing. assume that We
have a taste that is pleasing to one\'s conviction that 1. The six types
of arrogance, that is, one develops self-esteem through the readiness of
the eye ... the readiness of the ears ... the readiness of the ears. The
nose ... the tongue ... the body ... the mind . The seven things are
arrogance. 1 arrogance 1 arrogance and arrogance 1 arrogance 1 arrogance
1 arrogance 1 arrogance 1 8 arrogance that a person is not yet conceit
produces one because of rank one leads one who is evil because of rank
one leads one who gives rise to one\'s rank f Born out of praise, 1 to
egotism because of gossip, 1 to egotism because of happiness, 1 to
egotism because of misery, 9 egotism is egotism. that we are good people
We are bad people than good people. We are superior to those of the same
class. We regard ourselves as equals to those of the same class. Wakan1
Confidence We are worse than people of the same class. 1 Concerning that
we are virtuous that the bad people assume that we are equal to the bad
people We are bad than bad people. 1. Ten kinds of arrogance: Some
people in this world are born with pride because of their birth, because
of their clan, and because of their childbearing. Chong family 1 because
of being a beautiful person 1 because of wealth 1 because of generosity
1 because of work 1 because of Principles of liberal arts 1 because of
academic standing 1 because of education 1 because of ambition 1 because
of one object (12) arrogance, arrogance The arrogance of the mind, the
high ambition, the rise, the steadfastness, the exaltation, and the flag
as high as the flag, this is called arrogance. The manners and mana have
been abandoned. is a person who is wise, refrains, relieves

eradicates all manners and mana, therefore is called a person who is
wise enough to have neglected manners and mana. 2 accessibility
[103]
The word (that wise person) is a person who has no limits. access
machine It is said that the desire to reach is to have two things, which
is the desire to reach. namely craving, this is called desire, this is
called desire, this is called passion, this is called passion. The
enlightenment is the view, the wise person abandons the lust; the
enlightenment is lust, relinquishing the other lust; the enlightened
person is the one who renounces the lust. Even if it is lust, giving
back the desire Accessibility is Ditthi, hence the name. that there is
no defilement to reach. should go with lust, hatred, anger, delusion,
attachment, clinging to distraction, not agree Arrived by strength. the
passion of those seasonings which the wise has abandoned, because he has
abandoned less seasoning will go into all the attitudes What is said to
be an animal born in Hell? born in the wild Born in the vision, a human
being, a deity, a being, a form, a formless being. being an animal with
a contract Being an animal without a contract or being an animal with a
contract is not without a contract is not. no ki Therefore, it is called
a person who has no access to defilements. What will you be addicted to?
Therefore, the Blessed One said that the view set for birth in the small
world and the great world does not exist anywhere else for a wise
person. in the world because of the wise Giving up manners and mana dai
is a person who has no defilements, accessibility should be accompanied
by What passion?
[104] The Blessed One said: A person who is possessed
of defilements is able to reach remarks in all dharmas. What passion
does the device have access to? However, because the view is regarded as
having one\'s view, it is considered that there is no one\'s self, who
does not have access to it. A person who has no defilements has attained
to shake off all views in this world.
[105] The term person who has
access to passion is able to reach the remarks in all dharmas It is said
that the passion of the machine is accessible to the desire of the
machine. There are two things that are accessible to passion, which is
lust; this is called desire; this is called desire; this is called lust.
From the desire to reach the machine is the view. One who does not give
up desires, approaches is lust, does not give up lusts, approaches is
views because he is not indifferent. The desire to reach is lust that
does not relinquish the gleam to the point of view, and therefore comes
to the discourse of all dharmas as lustful, offended, delusional, and
bound. Hold on to the distraction and the disagreement or reached by
strength. the passion of those seasonings that a person

that no longer because he is a person who does not neglect the garnishes
thus reaching, that is, reaching, accepting, holding on, holding on to
critics by the belief that beings are born in hell. Born in the dynasty,
Gedi, in the Pretavisai, as a human being, a deity, a being. is a
shapeless animal being an animal with a contract It\'s an animal without
a contract. or being an animal with a contract There is no contract,
therefore it is said that one who has access to defilements is able to
reach the remarks in all dharmas.
[106] The word that one should
criticize a person who has no value. What is the meaning of the device
that is accessed by passion? Desires are accessible to two things,
namely, desires are accessible, which is craving, and this is called
desire, and this is called desire. Desire to reach is view. that person
Accessibility is passion. Giving back the desires that reach into view
is view, because one who renounces defilements, accessibility is lust.
Relinquishing the desire to reach is view. Whoever blames a person who
does not The desires of the horns reach with lust, hatred, moha, mana,
ditthi, utdhaca, wichikicha, anusaya. What is it? Angrily bound to hold
on to the distraction to disagreement or reached by strength. The
desires and seasonings that those people have abandoned, because they
are the ones who have neglected the seasonings, one should also mention
that person\'s attitude. What passion is said to be born in Hell, etc.,
or to be a contracted person is not without a contract. Ya is not a
person who has no interest. that access machine There is no cause, no
factor, no verbal action, and thus it is said that one should criticize
a person who does not Maki What is the meaning of the device accessed by
passion? Concerning Ditthi
[107] The word because of the view that
there is one\'s view is that there is no self, there is no one who has
no passion. The access device is said to have a presence. namely, no one
Ditthi assumes no self, i.e., uttthi is incapable of views, assuming
that self is something that is invaluable. There is none. Whoever has
something to hold That person\'s name is Vaj. There is something to let
go Whoever has something to let go is said to have something to hold. An
arahant has advanced to the stubbornness and liberation of prosperity
and deterioration. stay Having practiced the Dharma as a course of
action, etc., there is no new world, therefore it is called Ditthi.
Ditthi considers himself nonexistent. It is not available to people who
do not have access to passion.
[108] The word because a person who
does not have access to a machine is disfigured. Then all views In this
world there is 62 A person who does not have any The accessibility
machine was cut off peacefully. Suppressed and prevented it from
happening, and then burned with fire is the knowledge. The evil that has
reached, is shaken off, that is, to eliminate, to eliminate, to
eliminate, to eradicate, to alleviate, to put an end to all vanity. In
this world it is therefore called a person who does not have access to
it. then which Ditthi It\'s all in this world. because of that The
Blessed One said, A person who is possessed of defilements is able to
reach remarks in all dharmas.

Whoever criticizes an innocent person The device is accessed by what
passion. However, because the view is regarded as having one\'s view, it
is considered that there is no one\'s self, who does not have access to
it. The person who does not have access to defilements has shattered all
views in this world as follows. The 4th Tthakasuttaniddess
[109] The
Blessed One said: We can see a purely innocent person as a person
without disease. Purity is a virtue because of opinion. A person, having
known only this, knows that this view is excellent, thus believes that
That opinion is intuition. That person is called a spiritual person. The
review saw the purity. Concerning the Seekers of Purity
[110] The
word, we see the pure as is a person who does not have It is very
important that we see the purest people. we can see Look, look, look,
look, and see, the people who are pure. The word is absolutely
disease-free means being completely disease-free. extremely to the
Dharma of Kasem Resisting Dharma to the Dharma as an exception to the
Dharma as a refuge to the Dharma as a place to go forward To the Dharma,
there is no danger Even though the Dharma does not move Even though
Dharma does not die, it is nirvana, therefore it is said that we see a
pure person as a person without disease or disease. Very confused.

[111] The word purification is essential. Because of opinion, there is
a saying that purification, completeness, excellence, completeness,
absolute liberation, absolute liberation, absolute liberation, absolute
liberation, absolute liberation, absolute liberation. So beyond magic,
out of bounds, because of the vision of form by the eye of the soul.
Therefore it is said that purity is the core of people because of
opinions.
[112] The word that a person, having only known this, knows
that this view is excellent, that a person, when he knows only, is fully
aware. special knowledge, special knowledge Always stabbed like this: I
know, I know, I have investigated, I have examined, I have examined, I
have made it clear that this opinion Excellent, excellent, excellent,
excellent, presiding over especially therefore Therefore, a person who
knows this specific point already knows that this opinion is Visit as
follows.
[113] The acronym for believing that the opinion was A
person\'s perception is called a seer who sees purity. It means that
whoever sees a pure person. That person is called the consideration. See
the purity. The word believes that opinions are insights, meaning that
the person believes. The vision of form by the eye-soul is a vision, a
way, a canal, and a means to bring forth; therefore, it is said that
view is insight. That person\'s name is He is the one who considers the
purity.

because of that The Blessed One said, We can see a purely innocent
person as a person without disease. Purity is a virtue because of
opinion. A person, having known only this, knows that this view is
excellent, thus believes that That opinion is intuition. That person is
called a spiritual person. The review saw the purity.
[114] The
Blessed One said that if purification were to be attained by that
opinion or that people A person who possesses all sorrow is able to
surrender through the other way, because the view tells him that He was
the one who spoke like that. concerning purity, etc.
[115] The word if
pureness is inherent in opinions, it means that if there is Purity,
Purity, Purity, Emancipation, Emancipation, Emancipation It is freed
from magic, freed from the boundless mind of form by the eye of the
spirit, therefore it is said that if purification is at its core. with
an opinion.
[116] The word, or that of the people, is neglectful. With
wisdom, there is a saying that if you give up life, you will leave
suffering, old age, suffering pathology and death. Suffering is sorrow,
sorrow, bodily suffering, sorrow, and despair. can with comments by the
eye of the spirit therefore it is called, or that the people are
indifferent to suffering. with wisdom
[117] The word of the people who
possesses absolute superiority by means of another path is pure, pure,
extraordinary, utterly utterly insurmountable. The supreme path, ending
with another path, that is, the path that is not pure, the path that is
wrong, the path that does not lead. Other than Satipatthana,
Sammapphana, Itthibath, Eagle, Bala, Bojjong, Noble Eightfold Path 8.
The word \"one who has upholding\" is Yangmariaka, dosa, moha, mana,
tanhaditthi. defilements, therefore, is called a person who is fully
possessed by other paths.
[118] The words because of Ditthiyam told
the people that He who speaks like that, says, That\'s what the view
says to that person. This person is a die-hard person. There are
perverted opinions. Even for this reason, the word \"speaker\" means
\"speaking, saying, expressing,\" that is, speaking, telling.
proclaiming that this eternal world is true, anything else is emptiness,
the world is the ultimate... the world has no place ... that life, that
body, that\'s what life is. The body is something else...the animal that
precedes it, but dies, is the other...the animal that precedes it, but
dies, is no more...animal. In the future, but death is still alive. It
is not dead again, there are ... the beasts in front, but they are dead
again, they are not dead again, they are not a thing. This is true,
nothing else is null, therefore it is called, because the view of the
people said that Being a speaker like that.

because of that The Blessed One said, If pure have the core of the
people with their opinions or opinions A person who possesses all sorrow
is able to surrender through the other way, because the view tells him
that He was the one who spoke like that.
[19] The Blessed One said:
Brahmins do not speak of the purity of the emotions seen in the senses
that have been taught in the precepts and the Vāra, or the sensations
known by other paths. That one who does not enter into the merits and
the sins, who is called the one who does not do more, lives in this
world.
[120] The word Brahman does not refer to purity of emotion.
When one sees an emotion that has heard the precepts and an observance,
or an emotion that is known by another path, it is said that the word na
is negative. that a person is called a Brahmin because he is floating
Then the seven dharmas, namely, one who is floating, ditthi, vicikicha,
silabota, lust, dosa, moha, and mana. all obscene which is the factor of
sorrow, to be born in a new world, to be anxious, full of despair It is
a continuation of aging and death. as true as the Blessed One said.
Bhikkhus, whoever is freed from all sins and without defilement, having
a well-established mind, having established oneself that person is
called One who has attained enlightenment and has pity, that craving
does not depend on him, who is stable, is called a Brahmin. Concerning
the belief that it is auspicious or not auspicious, the word Brahman
does not refer to purity ... by other means. that a brahmin does not
speak, does not tell, does not speak, does not show, does not make a
statement, which is pure Extraordinary purity, all-round purification,
liberation of magic, liberation by other paths is by no-passing paths.
Ants take wrong actions The path that does not lead to other than the
Noble Eightfold Path, the Eightfold Path, hence the name Vajra. Brahmins
do not speak of purity \... by other paths. in the mood the mood The
precepts and observances or temperaments are known to mean that some
ascetics and brahmins desire purification through seeing form. Those
nuns and brahmins It is believed to see some images as auspicious.
Consider seeing some images that are not auspicious. Those nuns and
brahmins Do you believe to see which forms are auspicious? Those
ascetics and brahmins get up early in the morning and see all the forms
that have reached their cause. The more auspicious name is to see the
birds facing the wind and see the fruit. Up by the priest, he saw a
pregnant woman, saw the man who had the girl up his neck and walked over
to see a pot full of water, saw a carp. saw a virtuous horse Seeing a
horse-drawn carriage, seeing a bull, seeing a female cow, believing It
is considered auspicious to see a form like this. Those nuns and
brahmins Do you believe that these views are not auspicious?

*Those brahmins saw a pile of straw, saw a cauldron. Seeing an empty
pot, seeing a dancer, seeing a naked monk, seeing a donkey, seeing a
craft imitated by a donkey. Seeing a vehicle imitated by one vehicle,
seeing the blind, seeing the lame. The sparrow is a limp, sees the sick,
sees the dead, and believes. It is not auspicious to see a form like
this. those brahmins Desire for purity by seeing the image, trusting
purity. Superlative excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation,
liberation, liberation by seeing form. There are some contemporaries and
brahmins who desire purity by hearing the voices of those contemplatives
and brahmins. Some sounds are auspicious to be trusted to hear. that it
is not auspicious. Those nuns and brahmins reliable hearing Which of
these is auspicious?* Those monks and brahmins got up, but were able to
do so. hear all the frequencies The most auspicious cause is to hear the
sound that grows, that the sound is full, that the sound is full. The
voice said white, the voice was not sad, the voice was kind. The sound
of Rukdee, the sound of auspicious, the sound of having siri, or the
sound of being prosperous with Siriyong, is regarded as being heard.
Mongkol Those nuns and brahmins reliable hearing Which of these things
are not auspicious? The voice of the blind, the voice of the lame, the
voice of the lame, the voice of the old, the voice of the sick, the
voice of the dead, the voice of the dead. was cut, the sound was
destroyed The sound of fire, the sound of something missing, or the
sound of something unbelievable. Consider hearing sounds like this. that
it is not auspicious. Desire for purity by hearing sound, trusting
purity, purification, purification, purification, emancipation.
cessation by hearing sound There are some ascetics and brahmins. Desire
for purity with morality Those monks and brahmins pure trust excellence,
excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation, liberation, because of
the precepts. reason for consolidation cause of caution The reason for
the lack of violate the precepts enacted these four virtues: one who is
fully merit-making, extremely virtuous, one who has reached the most
worthy of arhats, a recluse, one who has Can\'t fight, what are the four
things? One cannot commit a sin with the body. Saying obscene speech I
can\'t think of the reasons for doing this obscene thought. I live in an
obscene occupation. 1 Look, a carpenter, I decreed that a person who
possesses these four virtues is a person who possesses The deputies are
ready and have great merit. One who is a worthy arhat, a recluse, one
who no one can fight against. Lee Those contemplatives and brahmins
believed.

hold purity, excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, excellence,
liberation, because of the precepts. reason for consolidation cause of
caution The reason for not violating the precepts is like this. There
are some ascetics and brahmins. Desire for purity Those monks and
brahmins were person who performs duties (Behave like an elephant) Some
behave as Swat Changing behavior Chang\'s behavior Changing behavior
Behavior of Vasu Devawat Chang Behavior Conduct Punnaphatthawat Chang
Badamani Phatthawat Chang behavior Chang\'s conduct Chang\'s behavior
misbehavior Chang\'s behavior Chang\'s behavior Behavior of Maharajwat
Chang Chanthawat Chang\'s behavior Chang\'s behavior Behavior Inthawat
Chang Brahmawat Chang behavior Chang\'s behavior Chang\'s behavior those
brahmins Desire for personal purity I believe in purity, purity,
equanimity, emancipation, emancipation, magic, cessation of rules. There
are some ascetics and brahmins who desire purity with a known sentiment.
Those ascetics and brahmins arose, but in the morning they touched the
earth. Hands on fresh produce, handles lanterns, handles turtles,
tramples on nets, handles wagons loaded with sesame seeds. Chew on white
sesame, paint with white sesame juice, chew on white tooth-colored
sticks. Take a bath with puffed pencils, white clothes, white turbans.
those brahmins desire for purity With a calm mood, you can trust in
purity. Superlative purity, all-round purity, liberation, liberation,
liberation with a flat temperament. In the seeing, the hearing, and the
vat, or the sensation known by the other paths, the Brahmins are not
mentioned. Don\'t say, don\'t show, don\'t make a statement. Purity by
purity by seeing Rapu some purely by hearing, some purely by virtue,
some purely by virtue, some purely by virtue. Therefore, the Brahmins do
not speak of pureness in the senses that see the emotions that are
favored. The precepts and observances, or the emotions known by other
paths. Concerning the forsaking of sins
[121] The word brahmin, who
does not get caught up in merit and sin, is said to be virtuous. To
fertilize one of the three elements (kamma-element, form-element,
non-formal element), called words, merit. Yaphisangkha
Ronenchaphisangkhara is a condition. The brahmin has abandoned it and
has a root that has been cut off. set up like a palm tree None later
there is no occurrence. in the future naturally at any time, at that
time the Brahmin Name is not attached Not attached Not attached Not
attached Not attached Not attached Not attached is the one who goes out
to sacrifice without breaking already involved in merit and sin from the
land of passion For this reason, therefore, he is called a Brahman who
does not enter into merit and

Sin. Concerning abandoning oneself
[122] The word neglect, which one
calls one who does not do more in this world, is renounced. One is a
distrust that is regarded as one\'s self or renounces one\'s
self-esteem. Another word for neglecting one\'s self is holding,
clinging, clinging, seducing, neglecting, with the ability of lust. with
the ability of view, and all such things It is the brahmin nature that
has renounced, vomited, renounced, renounced. Add Punyaphisangkhan
Apunya- \*Bhisangkhan Anenchaphisangkhan, meaning not to arise, not to
be born ready. not to happen not to occur only Therefore, it is called
neglect which one is called a non-adder in this world. The Blessed One
said, Brahmins do not speak of purity in one\'s emotions, which are seen
as those that have acquired the precepts and the rites, or those that
are known by other paths, the Brahmins. that one who does not get caught
up in merit and sin, neglects what he calls the one who does not do more
in this world.
[123] m Those ascetics and brahmins left the tree,
relied on their backs, following their pursuits. will not skip the
passion of the harvest Those ascetics and brahmins tend to obey, like
monkeys catching and leaving branches in front of them.
[124] The word
\"Leave the Tree, Reside on the Back\" means that those recluse and
brahmins leave the primary teacher, reside on the back teacher.
disobeying the teachings of the Master Relying on the teachings of the
Master after abandoning the First Sect, Relying on the Sect after the
Late Path, Relying on the Dhamma after abandoning the Primary Path,
Relying on the Late Path, Living, Engaging, Reaching, Facilitating.
complacent in the latter way, therefore, it is called \"Leave the tree\"
and reside on the back. go after the quest will not skip the passion
related The term lust is called lust, namely lust, lust, greed, etc.,
Abhijha, lobha, and akusalamul. Followed, reached, fell in pursuit.
which is possessed by desire, has possessed the mind of desire. I can
not be involved. does not jump up does not cross Rumor has it that there
is no advancement, which is related to passion is anger. Mana-ditthi
defilements are corrupt, hence the name Vac. Those contemplatives and
brahmins followed their pursuits. shall not bypass the defilements that
are involved. that those brahmins were obedient to that teacher, other
prophet He holds the dharma that the prophet tells what the Prophet had
said He holds the dharma that other prophets say. holding a group Each
group and consider it.

Other groups If you hold that view, then hold another view, you will
hold that attitude and The other way is to be followed, and the other
way is to be followed and to be released. those are acquiesced, liable.

[127] The word is like a monkey catching and leaving branches in the
foreground, therefore, it is said that the brahmins are ascetics. great
work to hold and let go, to hold and to give up many attitudes like a
monkey, to go into the great forest, to grab a branch. Take off that
branch and take another branch, leave the other branch and grab another
branch, therefore, therefore the name verb. Like a monkey grabbing a
branch and leaving a branch in front of him. Therefore, the Blessed One
said that those ascetics and brahmins left the tree and followed their
back. quest will not skip the passion of the harvest Those ascetics and
brahmins tend to hold them, like monkeys catching and leaving branches
in front of them.
[128] The Blessed One say All the contemporaries
themselves are the ones involved in the contract. would be wrong and
right, a knowledgeable individual know the Dharma with all knowledge be
wise as wide as the land Doing the wrong thing. Concerning wrong and
right conduct. Self reconciliation is self reconciliation. Samantha has
taken over Taken generously, reconciled, took, and adhered to Hatthiwat,
Assawatra, Kowat, Kukkurawat, Kawat, Wasu Devawat, Poldevavat,
Punnabhat, Maniphat. Vat, Akkiwat, Nakhawat, Supannawat, Yakkhawat,
Asurawat, etc. Disawat. The word Jantuchon means animal, human, etc.
Therefore, it is called Jantujan Samathanavat. All of them.
[130] the
term being involved in the contract It is said that from the first
teacher to the teacher after the dharma that the first teacher told of
the dharma that the later teacher told. From the first group to the last
group after the first to the last From the first precept to the latter
from the first to the latter. The word is a person involved in the
contract Ya is a general related person entangled in Sensual contract
general related information at nails nailed to the lid or on the hook;
therefore, it is said to be a person involved in the contract. Yayom
made a mistake and was right. One who knows the seven things
[131] The
word \"person who has knowledge\" to know the dharma through all
knowledge; there is knowledge, that is, knowledge, that is, knowledge,
wisdom, wisdom, enlightenment. have intelligence Wisdom is a tool to
destroy defilements.

By all knowledge, there is wisdom in the four paths, wisdom,
intelligence, wisdom, strength, and dharma-vidyasamphojga. I Wisdom is a
consideration of Vipassana, Sammaditthi is called knowledge. A person
who has knowledge reaches the end, at the end, at the end, at the end,
at the end, at the end, at the end. to the end reach the end to the
protection Attaining a shelter, reaching a secret, reaching a secret,
reaching a refuge, reaching a refuge, reaching nowhere. Achieving
innocence to the unborn Achieving the immortal, reaching the immortal,
reaching the immortal, reaching nirvana, reaching nirvana, age and
death. with all that knowledge. On the other hand, a person is called
Vetaku because of the point of view that some knowledge has reached the
end. because it is said to have reached the end with some knowledge, and
is called Vetaku. because he is enlightened of seven things, namely, one
who is enlightened, who is enlightened, who is enlightened, and who is
enlightened. of all the unwholesome and obscene dharmas that cause
sorrow to be born in a new world anxious suffering It is a national
factor, aging and death continue. Indeed, as the Blessed One said:
\"Dokrasbhiya, one who chooses all the Brahmins\' Vedas that exists, is
free from all lusts and feelings. All the magic and the name That it is
a double magic. The term \"person with knowledge\" to know the Dhamma
through all knowledge, that is, to know only the Dhamma. that is,
knowing only the Dhamma that all sankharas are not equal. All dhammas
are suffering, all dhammas are selfless. Because avijja is a factor,
there is sankhara, because body is a factor, and because consciousness
is a factor, there is name and form, because name and form are. The
factor therefore is deteriorating. because of death The factors are
touch. Because touch is a factor, there is feeling, because feeling is a
factor, because craving is a factor, there is clinging, because clinging
is a factor. therefore there is a world Because the world is a factor,
there is a nation. because nation is a factor Old and dead because of
ignorance So sankhara dies because of sankhara. The soul is extinguished
because the spirit is extinguished, the name and form are extinguished,
because the name and form are extinguished. Because of the death, the
contact is extinguished, because the contact is extinguished, the
feeling is extinguished Because of feeling is extinguished, craving is
extinguished, because of craving is extinguished, because of clinging is
extinguished, life is extinguished, because life is extinguished.
Because the nation dies of old age and death is extinguished. and know
and know only that this dharma, this suffering, the cause of this
suffering, the cessation of These sufferings lead to the cessation of
these sufferings. This ashava causes this ashava. The cessation of this
taint, the practice leading to the cessation of the taint, these dhammas
should be known, these dhammas ought to be known. These virtues should
be ignored. These dharmas should be developed, these dharmas should be
made clear. and knows only the Dhamma, namely the origin, the cessation,
the virtues, the blame, and the plot. emancipation of sensibility 6. and
know only the dharma which is the cause of the cessation of grace and
devises the elimination of clinging aggregates; 5. and knows only the
dharmas, namely the origin, the cessation, the virtues, and the
delusions of the great elements; 4. and knows only the dharma Ja
something is a common occurrence All things are naturally fading away,
hence the name of a person who has knowledge. Know the Dhamma with all
knowledge.


[132] The word wise as the land. It is said that a person who is wise
as broad as the land plot does not go from the first teacher to the
later teacher. Jakjak Dharmasi The early prophet told of the dharma that
the later prophet told not from the first group to the last group. Not
from the first view, not from the first view. to the latter not from the
first way to the last way. The word that a person who is as broad as the
earth is a great sage, is very wise. Wisdom is a joy, wisdom is quick,
wisdom is sharp. Wisdom is the destroyer of the world, said Puri. A
person with wide wisdom spreads all the time. The land is therefore
called a wise person. as wide as a sheet will not go wrong and right.
Therefore, the Blessed One said: All the sages themselves, who are
involved in the contract, will go wrong and right. Individuals who are
knowledgeable Knowing the Dhamma with all knowledge, one who has wisdom
as wide as the land does not walk properly.
[133 ] The Blessed One
said: A person with wisdom as wide as that land He is the one who
eliminates all dharmas, namely in the form seen and the sound heard. Or
any known sentiment, anyone in this world should determine that person,
the beholder, the behaviour, with what defilements? On the devil Sena

[134] A person who is wise as broad as the earth is the one who
removes all virtues, that is, in the form seen and the sound heard. or
one of the known emotions, it is said that Mara Sena is called
corruption Words of corruption, corruption, greed, anger, delusion,
upanaha, etc. all bad deeds Name Chamara Sena. as true as the Blessed
One said. Desires, we say that it is Your 1st Sena is not pleased. We
say that it is your second sena. Hunger and thirst we say that it is
your third sana, lust. We say it as your Your 4th sena, the drowsiness
of yawning We say it\'s your 5th Sana. Cowardice We say that it\'s your
6th Sana. being your seventh sena, humiliation and stubbornness We are
said to be your eighth sena, wealth, praise, worship, and rank that have
been misused. We are said to be your ninth sena. of exaltation and
bitterness Others, we say, are your tenth sena. Look, Lord Mara, these
sanas are those who have the common sense, eliminating the common
people. do not dare I didn\'t win the Senan. get a portion of the brave
You can win, when you win you can be happy like this. When all the
devils and all the enmity an intelligent person

as wide as the land has been won, lost, destroyed, destroyed, has made
it impossible to face the Four Noble Paths. Then the person I who
possesses wisdom as wide as the land is called Peng, the one who
eliminates the sena. That person is the one who gets rid of the sena in
the picture you see. audible sound Known emotions The enlightened
temperament, therefore, is called a person who is as broad as the land
of wisdom. Sena in all dharmas: in form, seen and heard. or one of the
known emotions.
[135] The word that that person sees One who conducts
openly means that that person is the one who sees pure Dhamma. see the
pure dharma see the pure dharma see the white dharma See the white
Dharma around. another One who has a pure opinion, has a pure opinion.
There are pure opinions all around. have a white opinion There are white
opinions around. The word revealing means that the obscuring things are
lust, defilements, avijja. Those obscuring things that a person has
revealed and removed are opened up. Ascending and breaking, calming,
preventing it from happening, burning, and then with fire, that is
wisdom. Go on, let the self go on. Therefore, that person is the one who
sees and conducts openly.
[136] By what defilement should anyone in
this world \... be determined? d, this is called the stipulation based
on craving, this is called the stipulation by the craving, etc. This is
called the decree Yaditthi. that person ignores set by passion lustful
determination, relinquishing lust Having established a view, one should
determine that person by lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthiutdhaca
wicikicha anusaya. What does it mean to be an objectionable, delusional,
bound, distraction, disagreement? or reached by strength. Those
defilements and garnishes that a person has abandoned because he is a
neglectful person. After having finished those seasonings, one will
determine the motto of a person. That by what passion is said to have
been born in the underworld? In the birth of the devil, he was born in
the Pretavism as a human being, a deity, a lion, a form-like being, a
formless being. being an animal with a contract It\'s an animal without
a contract, or an animal that has a contract, it doesn\'t have a
contract, it doesn\'t. That person has no reason. There is no death
factor which is The predetermined, magical predetermined, the
predetermined person. The word in the world is, in the world of evil,
the world, the world, the world, the world, the world, the world, the
world, the world, therefore Therefore it is called that anyone in this
world should determine ... by what defilements. because of that The
Blessed One said, A person has wisdom as vast as that land. He is the
one who eliminates all dharmas. In the form that can be seen, the sounds
that are obtained, or the emotions that are known to anyone. In this
world one should determine who is the one who sees the person. revealing
behavior With what passion?
[137] The Blessed One said: gentlemen
indefinitely will not put lust and skepticism in the sky

Those honest people are not good. It is said that it is pure and pure.
It is a bond, binding, binding, and does not make hope anywhere in the
world.
[138] The words of the faithful cannot be determined. In the
foreground, it is said that predetermining is defined as having two
predetermining things, namely, determination based on craving and one
definition. This is called the setting of desire, this is called the
setting by the view. Those faithful abandon their stipulations with
lust. renounce already determined because they are each lustful
stipulation renounced the stipulation with a view those faithful
therefore does not specify which lustful stipulation or the stipulation
by ditthi, that is, not to arise, not to be born, not to be born, not to
be born, hence the name \"no\". refrain from lust and view In the
foremost, it is said that there are two things that are done in the
foreground, namely, doing in the foreground with lust; 1 doing in the
foreground. This is called precedence by lust. etc., this is called
doing in the They have abandoned their actions in the future; lust has
abandoned their actions in the foreground. because he was the one who
gave up in the foreground with lust Therefore, he does not commit lust
and views in the foreground as well. Traveling is a person who has no
desire as the flag of victory, does not strike his passion as the flag
of the peak. There is no great passion, there is no view as the victory
flag, there is no view as the top flag. It is a great person who is
lustful and does not have an environment. therefore travelling. Hence
the name Vaj. All good people do not dictate. lust and view in the
foreground.
[139] The word \"good people\" is not said to be purely
pure, it means that they are do not say, do not tell, do not speak, do
not show, do not make a statement, which is the only part of impurity,
purity of pity Purity by action beings that are at the height of
perfection Therefore, they are said to be faithful people. Completely,
partly, wa.
[140] The words that those faithful were defilements. The
machine is bound by a hundred straps and has that passion is a bond such
as passion The four binding machines are defilements as machines.
Physical attachment is vengeful greed, Lilabpot, denounces the clinging
to what is nji ring. It is a physical attachment. Vengeance, malice,
vengeance in the words of other people. Abbottara is the observance of
the precepts or observances. or both their own precepts and observances.
their own opinions, their belief that this is true is a binding passion
physically. Why is it called a defilement? to be bound by beings, to
enter, hold, hold, hold, hold on to form, feeling, covenant, sankhara,
spirit, motto, upheaval, conceit

pity watta with those bonds that bind for that reason it is called is a
mobile device commitment. The word la is a salad of desire All bound.
Those virtuous men, all the defilements that are bound, bound, bound,
bound, bound, bound, bound, intertwine, intertwined, as people do,
unscheduled, carriages, wagons, carriages. jewelry, therefore, hence the
name Vaj Those good people have lost their passion. The device is firmly
bound and tied.
[141] The word does not give hope anywhere in the
world. It means lust. It is called hope, that is, passion, passion,
etc., covetousness. Pha Akusol Mulu .The word is not Doing hope is a
good idea. Make hope that hope does not arise, does not arise, does not
give birth to Born only. The word anywhere means anywhere, anywhere,
anywhere, inside, outside, or both inside and outside. The word in the
world, i.e. in the world, etc., is ashamed of the world, therefore.
Hence the name. It does not give hope anywhere in the world. The Blessed
One then said: gentlemen does not set, does not put desire and supremacy
in In front of those faithful people would not say it was a single
purification. those faithful Leaving defilements is a clinging, binding,
binding, no hope anywhere in the world.
[142] That Arahant has gone
astray, has floated away from sin, has known and seen, has no adherence,
has no lust for sensual pleasures. not defined in The practice is
unrelenting. does not assume that This is great. on the Arahant
[143]
The word that the Arahant has transgressed and floated away from sin.
Knowing and seeing, there is no adherence. It is said that the lands are
four realms, namely Sakkaya Ditthi, Vichikicha, Silabtapra-
\*masanusaikha. Ditthi Anusai is the Wichikicha and the defilements that
are located on the day\'s side. This is the first territory. The benefit
is sensuality. Sacrifice is sacrilege, sacrificial is sensuality, nusai
is sacrilege, the coarse part, and defilements are located on the day\'s
side. This is the second realm. and those of passions located on the
same side as The third realm, the form of lust Mana Anusai is Bhavraga.
Anusai is ignorance, and those from the earliest are located on the same
side. This is the fourth realm. Whenever that arahant Be a step forward
advancing well, surpassing these four realms with the Four Noble Paths,
then that Arahant is called the cultivator. The realm has gone. The word
one who has floated away is the name of one who has floated away from
sin because he has floated the seven virtues, etc., he is lustful and
Ditthi is no longer dependent, is steadfast, is called a Brahmin. The
word \"know\" means \"knowing\" by the intellect. or with
puppenivasanussati nana, the word seen is seen with the human eye. or
with a visionary

Therefore it is called an Arahant, who has wandered and floated away,
has known and seen. did not have hold). The word clinging is an arahant
that (doesn\'t have) esteem, clinging, clinging to the willingness that
this is excellent. Prasert is the highest rank. The word no means no.
That adherence which the Arahant has abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, prevents it from happening. It is burned by the fire of
wisdom, therefore it is called an Arahant who has crossed over. Floating
away from sin and knowing and seeing and not holding on.
[144] The
word has no meaning. Your lustful desire is lustful. not defined as
which is unrelenting, meaning that those who are lustful, lustful,
passionate, enamored, infatuated, involved, involved in the five
qualities of sensual pleasures; those are called lusts. Your sensuality
is stipulated. Any people who are in love with someone who is fascinated
with love entangled in the form Arupavarapat. Those people are called
liberated in samarat as liberated. How many words does not have a desire
for sensual pleasure? When is the unsatisfactory liberalization? Sensual
sensuality, sensuality and sensuality are defilements. That arahant
abandoned the roots and cut off the roots. It has a location like Tan
Yod Duan, so there is nothing to prevent it from happening. as usual at
that time that arahant The name is not lustful, unsatisfied. In nature
it is determined only by cause.
[145] The word has no meaning.
Considered this great. It means that the word is a monk. Arahant who is
a NESDB. That Arahant does not hold, cling, cling, be enthralled,
believing that this is excellent. Noble, supreme, supreme, supreme
master. The word no means there is no, it does not exist, it does not
appear, it cannot be accessed, that adherence. which the Arahant is
abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevented, should arise and be
burned by the fire of wisdom, therefore it is called that there is no
devotion. Considered this great. because of that The Blessed One said:
that arahant He who has gone astray, has gone astray, has known and
seen, has not taken hold of him. There is a lustful lust for you that is
unsatisfactory. regarded this as excellent as follows. End
Suttakasuttanitas 4th. ------------------- Paramatthakasuttanitas 5th

[146] Lord I had the Buddha say: Jantujan adheres to the doctrine.
believe that this is excellent, what is best in the world, that old man
says everything besides that is bad, therefore that old man is who All
the quarrels erupted.

concerning those who hold in the view
[147] The word adheres to the
rule. Those who say that this is excellent is that there are ascetics
and brahmins. Some of them are supremacists and brahmins who have taken
one\'s mind and hold on to one\'s belief that this is excellent. Lesi
Prasert, supreme, supreme, supreme, co-existing, living, living around
with their own views. Like all the occupants of the house, or the clergy
who committed crimes in the penitentiary. or those who have defilements
in the clans, therefore it is called that it is held in all views that
this is excellent. Doing anything better in the world with words What
does the word mean? The word \'makes\' means that the supreme being is
capable of doing anything, to be supreme, to be sublime, to be supreme,
to be supreme, to be supreme. It only happened that this Master was
omnipotent. This Dharma, which the Master has already taught This Sangha
Council has performed well. Ditthisee is prosperous This sermon good
ordinance This way can be released from suffering. The word janujon
means beasts, people, etc., human beings. The word in the world is evil
of the world, etc., ashamed of the world. Therefore, the word What did
Jantujanya do? Give even more in the world.
[149] The word Jantujana
said all other things. From that which is bad, there is a decency,
objection, objection, denial of all other sects except the Prophet. The
Dharma that the Prophet told, the Sangha, his own way, his own way, was
to say, tell, speak, show, declaring in this way that the Master is not
omniscient, not enlightenment. After all, the group is not a group of
practitioners. good and not good It is a prosperous Thitthi The
observance is not a good practice by the Prophet. There is no
purification, excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, or
liberation, there is no cultist. It is neither pure, not pure, not
perfect, round, not extinct, not exemplary, nor exemplary in that
doctrine. Those sects are vile, vile, abominable, filthy, filthy, and
inferior, hence the name that old man says that all things other than
that are bad. 150] The saying, therefore, that the elder is the one who
does not neglect all quarrels; therefore, because of that because of
that because of that factor Because of that tale, that old man is a
person who is not at all ignorant, does not rush, is not ready. where
quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, and quarrels are directed against each
other because of their views; therefore, it is called; All quarrels.
because of that The Blessed One then said: Jantuchon adheres to the
principle What does this great thing do for you? Especially in the old
world that said all other things. Because of that it is bad, therefore
the old man is the one who does not neglect all quarrels.
[151] The
Blessed One said:

A person would see any benefit in his view. in the feeling of seeing, in
the feeling of hearing in the precepts and observances In a
well-informed sense, that person adheres to that view. in their cult
will see all other things by being bad. On the virtue of Naditthi

[152] Any virtue in one\'s view is good in a view. in the mood good in
morality and observance; in the well-known sense, there is a term of
vayatttani cut into yattani. Ditthi is one\'s name: The ordinary person
sees two virtues in his view: virtue in this life, 1 virtue in the next
life, and 1. virtue in perspective in What is this life? Whatever view,
the disciples are have that view The disciples venerated, venerated,
venerated, worshiped, and revered such a viewpoint teacher. and would
receive robes, alms, senas, and cleats. of pharmaceutical factors That
which is worshiped is why it is called the virtue in the doth. Religion
in this life. What are the virtues in ditthiri in the next life? The
people would hope for future results that this view should be for the
sake of the Naga, the Garuda, the giant, the beast, the Dharma, the
Great, the Indra. I as a Brahma or a Deva This thi is suitable for
purification, excellence, prudence, elimination, elimination,
elimination, all beings, elimination, elimination, elimination,
elimination, elimination. By this view, I Will be pure, pure, wonderful,
complete, liberating, ending wonderful, ending with a view. This is what
is called the virtue in the next life. These two virtues in one\'s
attitude. A person sees two virtues, even in the purest of moods, which
are virtues. I have in this life one, in the next life one sees two
virtues, even in purity of emotions that are heard, virtues are seen.
two things, even in the purity of morality One sees two virtues, even in
purity of virtue. One sees two virtues even in purity of emotions, one
in this life, one in the next life 1. Ah. virtue in purity known mood
Why is there in this life? The Master is an idiot, and the disciples are
an idiot, so this is called Ansi. dang in purity with the emotion that I
know there is in this life. virtue in purity What kind of emotions do
you know in the next life? The people hope for future results that This
view should be for the sake of naga, etc. This is called virtue in
purity. With a feeling that is flat in the next life, the people will
see, see, see, see, see, and contemplate these two virtues even in
purity. with emotion known, hence the name would see any virtue in his
view In a good mood In the feeling that I get, I\'m good, in the
precepts and observances, in the well-knowing mood.


[153] The word that the people hold firmly to that view. In one\'s
doctrine there is the word Tadeva, which means that view. The word
tattha means one\'s viewpoint, that is, one\'s decency, one\'s
preference, one\'s doctrine. The word to hold, is to hold, to take, to
hold, to hold, to believe that this is excellent, excellent, excellent,
supreme, supreme, supreme. in their cult.
[154] The word \"saw
something else\" All by being evil, there is that the people see; that
is, they see, see, see, see, consider and see what the Master has told,
the faculties, views, and other paths, by being bad and bad. filthy,
lewd, lewd, filthy, inferior, therefore he is known to see all other
things as evil. Then the Blessed One said that the nobility would see
any benefit in his view. In a good mood in the mood Eating is good in
precepts and rituals, good in the mood. Rab is good. It is in his own
doctrine that he sees all other things. Being bad.
[155] The Blessed
One said: all the wise even speaks of the dharma in which he dwells,
even though it is a hundred see other attitudes as bad therefore A
bhikkhu should not rely on form seen, sound heard, emotion known,
morality and observance.
[156] The words of the wise speak Even though
it is a hundred-year tool, which is the wise, the wise is the wise in
the field, the wise in the elemental, the wise. in the senses, wise in
sedation, wise in mindfulness. Wise in supremacy, wise in power, wise in
organics, wise in physical strength, wise in enlightenment, wise in
path, wise in fruit, wise in Nirvana, those wise. to say this, that is,
to say, to speak, to show; to make such a statement: That tasana is
passion. strapping machine is a binding device is a binding passion It
is an entanglement of passion, therefore it is called verb. All the wise
speak even though it is a hundred-year instrument. He sees other
attitudes as bad, saying that the attitude he relies on is the monk who
resides, relies on, entrusts, approaches, is attracted to, is
sympathetic to, is the Teacher. Tell any group of views that are in the
way. The word that sees other attitudes as bad is to see, see, see, see,
see, and see, and see. Other things are the Prophet, the teachings of
the Prophet. A group of views, views, sects, other paths, by their being
vile, vile, abominable, filthy, filthy, inferior, hence the name Dsana
in which one lives and sees other attitudes. Jalew.
[158] Therefore, a
monk should not rely on form, seeing, sound, or feeling.

who knows the precepts and observances, that is, therefore, because of
that because of that because of that factor Because of that tale a monk
should not rely on, should not hold, should not cling to. to hold on to
the image you see Purity because of form seen, some sound acquired,
purity due to bad. Some Hearing, Some Sense, Some Purity of the Known
Feeling, Some Precepts, Some Purity because of the Precepts Purity
because of certain things, hence the name. A bhikkhu should not rely on
what he sees. audible sound Knowing emotions, precepts and observances.
Because of that The Blessed One said that the wise even speaks of the
dassana in which he resides. that it is a strapping machine He sees
other attitudes as bad, therefore a monk should not rely on the form he
sees. Voices heard, calm emotions, precepts and rituals.
[159] The
Blessed One said: A bhikkhu should not determine his view in the world.
with wisdom or even with precepts and observances should not be brought
into him as he always said important that he is inferior to him or even
more wonderful than him. Concerning a bhikkhu, there should not be a
viewpoint
[160] The word bhikkhu should not determine his view in the
world by knowledge. or even by virtue and observance, it is said that a
bhikkhu should not prescribe views, that is, not to arise. should not be
born ready should not occur should not occur only with the wisdom in the
eighth, by the wisdom in the 5th, by the intellect, by virtue, by
observance, or by virtue and observance. The word in the world means in
the world of evil, the human world, the world, the world, the world, the
world element, and the world. Therefore, it is called that a bhikkhu
should not determine whether he is in the world, by wisdom, or by
knowledge. The precepts and observances.
[161] The word should not be
brought to oneself as he means, should not be taken to oneself. We are
equal to him by life, by clan, by being the sons of the family. as a
person with wealth, wealth, and governance with job duties by the source
of arts, by academic standing, by education, with intelligence or with
other objects, hence the name should not be imported.
[162] The word
should not matter to oneself as inferior to him or even superior to him
means: should not be brought into him that We are scumbags, by birth, by
clan, by being the sons of the family. or with other objects and should
not be brought into it for which I am to be superior to him by life, by
clan, etc., or by other objects; therefore, it is said that we are worse
than him or even more wonderful than him. because of that The Blessed
One said, A bhikkhu should not dictate his views in the world by
insight. or even with precepts and observances should not be brought
into him as he always said important that he is inferior to him or even
more wonderful than him.


[163] The Blessed One said that the people had abandoned themselves,
did not hold fast, did not take a habit even because of their intellect.
to go with those who are not specific, even those who do not believe,
what On the one hand, the word neglect is to refrain, alleviate, make an
end, leading to the lack of trust, clinging, enthusiasm, sympathy, with
the ability of passion with the ability of view I don\'t believe is not
to seize or hold do not hold on He is confident with four clinging,
therefore it is said that he does not cling to himself.
[165] It is
said that a person does not practice habits even because of intellect,
that person does not. The habit of craving or attitude is not to arise,
not to be born, to be ready, not to arise. not to occur only because of
the knowledge in the eight treasures, or because of the wisdom in the 5
Apostles, or because of the ignorance, therefore it is called that a
person does not practice habits even because of intellect.
[166] The
saying, when people are divided The people did not go with them, saying
that when the people were divided to the fact that bipartisanship is
born Two fighters have different views, different preferences, different
likes and dislikes. have different cults Based on different views,
attitudes, attitudes, anger, sorrows, and people\'s lives are not
consensus. not up to sati Not reaching for greed, not reaching bhatti,
not reaching for the power of passion and hatred, not by virtue of the
dharmas. which makes a group, therefore it is called that when the
peoples are divided, the people do not settle with them saying, Ditthi,
62, that noble one has abandoned, cut off, calmed down, preventing it
from happening. Burned and burned with fire, that is, the sage does not
only arrive. specific to any view, therefore it is called not only
that\'s why The Blessed One said, The people left themselves and did not
believe. Does not practice even because of intellect. When people are
divided, the people do not wander with those who do not even look at
anything.
[168] The Blessed One The region said The setting of the two
extremes cannot be to any Arahant Khina for the big world In this world
or the next world There is no arahant. What\'s on the machine? There is
no agreement on all the dharmas. Concerning the nature of the Arahants,

[169] The term setting up the two extremes It does not exist for the
Arahant, for the lesser world.

Great world, in this world or the next world, which is the Arahant Kina?
The word extremity means that phassa is the first part, phassamuthai is
the second part, the past is the first part, the future is the second
part. . Suffering is the first part, suffering is the second part 2.
Name is the first part, form is the first part 2. The six internal
senses The first ending, the 6th outer senses, the second ending, one\'s
body is the first ending, the samudaya of one\'s body is the second
ending. called the premise including desire Desire, Courage, etc.
Abhicha Lobha Akusolmun. The word for the great world. namely, for the
small world and the big world, for the purpose of karma and vipa life.
for karma to be the object of birth in the sensual world; to be born in
the sensual world for the purpose of karma Machine born in Rapu The
world for serendipity is a tool. In the form of the karmic cycle is the
object of birth in the non-formal world. for the sake of liberation as a
means of birth in the non-formal world for frequent birth for frequent
visits for access, frequent, to fertilize, frequent for the emergence of
frequent selfishness. This world is one\'s self. The next world is
another\'s self. The word \"this world\" is the form of feeling,
covenant, cognition, and consciousness of one\'s body. The word for this
world is the inner world 6. The next world is the outer world 6. The
word for this world is the human world. The next world is the gods. This
world is the sensual element. The next world is form-element,
non-formal-element. The word \"this world is the erotic-element. The
setting of the two extremes cannot be to any arhat for the great and
small worlds In this world or the next world, the setting of the two
extremes does not exist, does not appear, does not enter into any
arahant. for the big world In this world or the next world is that
setting verb Which of the arahants has been cut off, calmed, has been
suppressed. so it shouldn\'t happen. burned with fire is wisdom, hence
the name Vac The setting of the two extremes cannot be to any arahant
for the big world In this world or the next world.
[170] The word
Arahant is not Anything that exists means that there are two things,
namely, one thing that is craving, one thing that is ditthi, and so on.
This is called The object of existence is lust, etc., this is called the
object of dutthi. That word is the Arahant Kina. The word Arahant is not
related. The problem is that the machine is not there. It appeared that
I couldn\'t go. It is a Dharma that an Arahant Kina is abandoned,
calmed, settled, prevented it from arising, and burned by the fire of
wisdom, therefore it is not an Arahant. There is something on the
machine.
[171] having reached an agreement in the dharmas, he is
convinced that among the dharmas is the view Seek, compare, inspect,
investigate, make it clear has made it known, therefore, hold on, hold
on, hold on, hold on confidence Convictions to believe that this is as
true as it really is, is not perverted, thus does not exist.

does not appear to be unable to enter The Dharma that the Arahant
Khinasapa has cut off and is calmed. cause it should not arise; it has
been burned with fire is knowledge, therefore it is said that there is
no meaning. settled in all the dharmas and held on to them. because of
that The Blessed One said, The setting of the two extremes cannot be to
any Arahant Khina, for the great and small, in this world or the next.
That Arahant is not equipped with anything, there is no consensus on the
dharmas and holds on to it.
[172] The Blessed One said: Ditthi
promises to happen even a little. The contract is already determined in
the picture shown. There is no sound heard or emotion known in this
world. that greatness, anyone In this world one should determine which
an Arahant is a Brahmin, who does not adhere to the beliefs by any
defilements. Concerning the Arahants, they were called Brahmins.
[173]
The word Ditthi that promises to happen less than the contract specified
in the picture shown audible sound or the emotions known in this world
does not exist for the arahant, saying that the ditthi promises to arise
stipulated by the contract prepared because he is a Ditthi, has a
contract as the chairman, is the principal, and holds a contract
differently In the picture you can see in the purity of form, some in
sight, in sound of hearing, in purity due to damage. have you heard? In
some known sensations, in purification, because some known sensations do
not exist, do not appear, do not enter, that is, Ditthi. That which the
Buddha had cut off and calmed down and thus it should not happen to be
burned down. Then by fire is knowledge, therefore it is called the view
that promises to arise even the slightest, the promised form, in form
seen, sound heard, or ah. Emotions that are known in this world cannot
be to that arahant.
[174] The word which an Arahant does not hold
Ditthi means brahmin. namely, an arahant who is known as a Brahmin
Because he has floated away, the seven things, etc., one who is lustful,
does not dwell, is steadfast, is called a Brahmin. The word that the
Arahant a brahmin not adhering to the view, saying that the Arahant A
brahmin does not cling to, does not take, does not cling to, does not
cling to views, therefore he is called an arahant. a brahmin Not
adhering to views
[175] The word that everyone in this world should
determine \... by what defilements means to determine, that is, to
prescribe. d is the determination based on desire, this determination by
the attitude, etc., this is called the determination by craving, etc.,
this is called the determination by Yoti Thi. A person who abandons the
predetermined by desire, forsaking the predestination by the view,
because he who abandons the predestination by desire, relinquishes the
greed. already determined with a view Whoever determines that person by
lust, hatred, hatred, delusional, bound, clinging to distraction. plate
to disagreement or reached by strength. the passion of those seasonings
which person

already because he is a neglectful person After having finished those
seasonings, one will determine that person\'s motto. What passion is
said to be born? In Hell was born in the birth of a god. In the
Pretawas, he is a human being, a deity, a being. is a shapeless animal
being an animal with a contract It\'s an animal without a contract. or
being an animal If there is a contract, it is not. There is no contract.
That person has no cause, no factor, no action. set The word in the
world is in the world of evil, the world, the world, the world, the
world, the world, the world, the world, hence the name that anyone in
this world should determine \... by passion. Because of that. The
Blessed One said, There is no view in the form seen, sound heard or
emotion known in this world. To that Arahant, anyone in this world
should determine that Arahant. A brahmin does not hold onto the view
with any defilements.
[176] The Blessed One said: All arhats set the
abbreviation Put desire and sati in the foreground. Even the Dharma is
all views. those arahants no longer desires An arahant who is a brahmin
that no one should lead. Goes with precepts and blessings, is the one
who is buried and does not come back to be the fixed person. Arahants
received various names.
[177] The word that all Arahants do not
prescribe lust and view, it means that predetermined, i.e. control.
There are two kinds of decrees: decrees based on lust, (1) decrees by
ditthi, and 1. What is decrees based on lust? Objects that make borders,
borders, divisions, divisions, determine, take our With regard to how
much of the lust is, we hold that our object is approximated, that this
thing of mine, that of mine. Something about the size of a dish we love
What we have is about this shape, sound, smell, taste, and other things.
Clothed and painted and slaves Goats, sheep, chickens, pigs, elephants,
cattle, horses, donkeys, land, money, houses, estates, ratchathani
provinces, rural treasuries belong to us. e It is assumed that of mine,
even the whole mainland. capable of lust and this 108 craving for
perversion is called the determination of craving. What is the
stipulation based on the view? 20 mica-ditthi-a-material ten-
\*Kahik-dit-a-material ten-ditthi, going is ditthi. Overgrown is Ditthi
the drought is ditthi The thorn is the view, the struggle is the view.
The components are ditthi, holding, clinging, clinging, clinging to the
wrong way, wrong view. Respecting the wrongful pursuit of perversion
This perversion, the misconception, the certainty of what is true in
anything that is not true, and how much dothit 62 there is, is called
the doctrine. Thi.

All Arahants abandoning stipulations with lust Giving up is also a
requirement. already obsessed because it is a fruit after the
determination by passion, abandoning the precepts with the view, then
those arahants Therefore, it does not define the determination by lust
or the determination by ditthi, that is, it does not cause not ready not
to happen not to be born only, therefore it is called indefinite. The
words that do not do carnage and presumptuousness in the foreground are
said to do in the foreground, i.e. do not do in the foreground.2 That
is, doing in the foreground by lust, doing in the foreground with views,
etc. This is called doing in the foreground. This is called lusting for
the future with views. All the arahants abandoning the preceding actions
by lust to do in the foreground with renunciation The work has been
restored to the fore with a view. therefore do not commit lust or view
in the foreground is a person who does not lust is the flag of victory,
no lust is the flag of the top of the tree The desire is great, there is
no view as a triumphant flag. There is no view as the top flag. It is a
great person, therefore it is called a person who has no desires. Seek
and view, do not go around Therefore it is known that all Arahants are
indifferent to lust and striving. in the foreground.
[178] The word
Dharma is all views. Which those arahats do not desire specifically,
then there is Ditthi 62 called Dharma. Those words are those Arahants.
The word no longer desires is not to desire only that this world exists.
really nothing else not only wishing that the world was impermanent,
etc., but the animals that preceded them were dead. It is not born
again, it is not born again, this is not obtained. Actually anything
else is empty. Therefore it is called that the Dharma is all views.
those arahants No longer wished specifically.
[179] The word arhat who
is a brahmin, which no one should take by virtue and ceremonies, is said
to be denial. The word brahmana means an arahant is said to be a brahmin
because he has lost the seven virtues, etc., the person who has no
desire to dwell and then be the constant caller that he is a brahmin.
The word an arhat who is a brahmin that no one should be able to lead by
virtue and enlightenment is an arhat. A brahmin does not go, does not go
out, does not wander, does not go by virtue or blessings, or virtuous
and virtuous, therefore it is called an Arahant who is a Brahmin, which
no one should lead by virtue and teaching.
[180] The word means
\"going to the shore, not coming back, one who is stable\", meaning that
immortal nirvana is called the shore, viz. Dharma is the peace of all
body. It is the renunciation of all afflictions, the cessation of
craving, the cessation, the cessation of craving, the boundary. Whoever
goes to the shore Attained to the shore, to the uttermost, to the
uttermost, to the uttermost, to the uttermost, to the end, etc., there
is no new world for that person, therefore the word is said. is the one
who has reached the shore. That noble person does not reach, does not
return, does not return to those defilements, defilements.

Whoever is noble person Yosaka Takami Mak noble person does not reach
again, does not return, does not return to those desires Whatever
defilements have been abandoned by the Anagami Path. That noble person
does not reach any more. to not return to those defilements A noble
person has been abandoned by an Arahat- \*That person\'s path cannot be
which never returned, did not return to those things, hence the name was
buried. does not return. The word steadfast is an Arahant. It is said to
be one who is stable by the five symptoms. is a constant in the Thanamon
and Anittharom are stable because they have given up and are stable
because Looks like it\'s skipped be a stable person because it is over
He is steadfast because he expresses that dharma. An Arahant is said to
be a stable person. How in the Ittamon and Anittharom? an arahant who is
stable even in fortune Even in the ranks, in the ranks, in the ranks
Even in praise, even in gossip, even in happiness, even in sorrow. If
people should caress one arm of the Arahant with incense, they should
rub their arms. one with a knife An arahant has no pleasure in stroking
with a machine. Fragrant, and not having the pleasure of speaking with a
knife, one who renounces the pleasure and the murderer. loop After
rejoicing and sorrow, he is a transgressor of joy and sorrow. Be a
constant in the religion Param and Anittha like this. An Arahant is said
to be a stable person. Because of the view that he gave up, how? The
Arahant gave up, gave up, gave up, and gave up. which is lust,
resentment, delusion, anger, attachment, anger, negligence, equality,
jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, stubbornness, good
competition, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, All negligence, all
defilements, all corruption An Arahant is said to be a stable person.
Because it looks like this has given up. An Arahant is called the one
who is stable. Because the view has already crossed? Arahants have
crossed, crossed, crossed, crossed, stepped, stepped well is passed by
kamoha, bhavogha, ditthoka, avijjoga, and the canal of all compassion.
The arahant is already finished. behaved, etc., there is no new world.
to that Arahant, therefore, an Arahant is said to be a stable person.
Because it looks like this has been skipped. An Arahant is said to be a
stable person. Because of how it\'s over? The Arahant has his mind
freed, freed from magic, freed from lust, resentment, delusion, anger,
attachment, negligence, equality, envy, stinginess, deceit, boasting,
arrogance, good competition, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness,
carelessness, all defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness All
the rage, all the trouble, all the trouble All auspiciousness An Arahant
is said to be a stable person. because it looks like this is over. An
Arahant is said to be a stable person. because how to express that
dharma? An Arahant is said to be steadfast because he shows that he is a
believer in the precepts. Yu Jr. is known as a partner. because it shows
out as being a person Faith when faith exists. that he is stable because
he shows that he is Perseverance when perseverance exists. One is called
steadfast because he manifests himself as savage when mindfulness
exists.

He is called steadfast because he shows that he is steadfast when
concentration exists. He is called steadfast because he shows that
Wisdom, when wisdom exists. The name is constant. because it shows He is
a person who possesses three Wisdoms when Wisham E. Yu Jr. is known as a
partner. because he shows that he is a spiritual person, when Apinam E
is a monk. An Arahant is called a stable person. because he expresses
that dharma in this way, therefore, he is called an embodied person who
does not return to be a stable person; therefore, the Blessed One
therefore said All arhats set the abbreviation Put desire and sati in
the foreground. Even the Dharma is all views that the Arahants that is
no longer desired An Arahant who is a brahmin, whom no one should lead
by virtue and blessing, is a man who has reached the shore, does not
return. The work of a stable person is as follows. Finished the fifth
Paramatthakasuttanidthes 5. ------------ Charasutta Nittas the 6th 181]
The Exalted One said: This life is little Humans will die within a
hundred years. Even if any human Living too much, I would die of old age
by Tachala. Concerning life is little
[182] The term life is little
means that life is age, location, and carry on The prevailing nature,
the possibility, the dynamism, the sustenance, the well-being, the life
of life, on the other hand, a little life is a little life for two
reasons: little life because Little lies 1 Little life because of
little 1. Little life because little lies? How is life already in the
While the mind is the past, it does not exist, it will not be. Life will
be in the moment when the mind is the future. It does not exist, it does
not exist. Life is in the present moment of the mind. At least it will
not exist. as true as the Blessed One said: Life, self, happiness and
suffering are all Dharma is always included. A single mind at the moment
of being emancipated by any deva. are located throughout the eight
fourteen thousand eons Even those devas are not made up of two souls at
all. Existing in this world is gone, all those aggregates The same is
the same, has passed away, and which of the aggregates has been broken
in the past? already broken in the future in order The strangeness of
the aggregates that are present with them not in nature Animals are not
born in the future. Khan is very sad. Now the world is dead because of
the difference.

This mind is a supreme command, all aggregates change in a volatile
manner, like water flowing along a valley. go on endlessly, because the
six senses are the factors, all the aggregates are broken. did not reach
the location The khandha does not exist in the future. The lettuce seed
sits on the tip of a sharp pointed iron, so there is a rupture. All
dharmas that have arisen are true. in front of those beasts The
aggregates are of normal disintegration, they are not mixed with the
aggregates that were born before, settled, aggregates come unseen. It
breaks and goes to where it never appeared, rising and decaying like
lightning in the air. It\'s called \"Little Life\" because it\'s located
so little. How is life less because there is little activity? life by
exhaling due to breath in, due to breath out and breath in because of
the great spirit because of the warmth, as well It is the place of
exhalation and his breathing; avijja, sankhara, lust, clinging, and
rebirth, which are the original causes of exhaling and breathing. breath
in All things are good, lust that was born before, material and
immaterial born. Together, they are inherently intangibles that are good
together. These are the common occurrences of the out-breathing and the
in-breathing; these are good, the combined desires are destructive.
Forever against each other and each other not firmly established on one
another will fall for each other because there is no resistance to each
other and each other. therefore they cannot maintain each other in any
way that these dharmas are born. that dharma does not exist But one
dharma is not corrupted by a dharma. These aggregates are broken and
deteriorated by symptoms. All these aggregates of causes and factors
that existed before, even those that preceded Those factors had already
died before. The former is good, the aftermath is not seen. each other
at any time. Therefore, life is called It is little because there are
few things like this. In addition, because compared to the lives of
angels of the Jatum Maharaj class human life is less that is, a little,
is fleeting, is fleeting, is soon set. It didn\'t last long. Because it
compared the lives of the Dao Ngus deities \... because the Yama class
deities were compared \... because the Dusit class deities were compared
\... because they compared the life of the gods. Nimmanoradee devas ...
because they compare the lives of devas of the paranimitavasavati level
... because they compare their lives. another angel Among the Brahmas,
human life is little, a little, a little and a moment. It is instant, is
forever, does not last long, does not last long. Indeed, as the Blessed
One said, monks. all The age of these little human beings had to go to
the Hereafter. All human beings need Experiencing death as it is already
known should be done One should behave in the holiness, no human being
born will not die, just as long as any monks live. 100 years or more
than 100 years

There are few. The Blessed One, the Blessed One When he had finished
speaking this proverb, he continued to chant, saying: the age of the
little humans a good man insult this young age behave in a hurry to act
like a person whose head is on fire, because death will did not arrive,
did not have Days and nights are too late. Life sank into death. The
lifespan of all beings will come to an end. Thus, the water in the
Little River will cease to exist. Therefore, it is called this little
life.
[183] The term man dies within 100 years means that man dies,
disappears, disappears, and disappears in times of illusory. some meat
washing water in the time of some pieces of meat, in the times of the
chunks some in the past Some of the five branches (2 hands, two feet,
two heads 1), even when they are born, they move, others die and
disappear, they pass away and disappear in the house where they were
born. There may be, moving, dying, disappearing, life. Half a month,
there are two months, there are 3 months, there are 4 months, there are
5 months, there are 6 months. It has 7 months. There are 8 months, 9
months, 10 months, there are 1 year, there are 2 years, there are 3
years, there are 4 years, there are 5 years, there are 6 years, there
are 7 years. There are 8 years, 9 years, 10 years, 20 years, 30 years,
40 years, 50 years, 60 years, 70 years, 80 years. There are 90 years,
therefore it is said that man dies within 100 years.
[184] The word,
even if any man lives too much, has that a human being has lived for
more than 100 years; that human being lives for 1 year, some 2 years,
some 3 years, some 4 years. Some 5 years, some 10 years, some 20 years,
some 30 years, some 40 years.
[185] The word \"human being\" literally
dies of old age. It means that when a human being is Old is growing old,
being an adult by birth. Passing of age, with broken teeth, gray hair,
thinning hair, bald head, skin drooping, holding a cane, walking
forward. That human beings are moving, dying, disappearing because of
old age, there is no liberation from death. The Lord Buddha said An
animal born in peril by death like a ripe fruit. By dropping in the
morning, so every kind of earthen vessel made by the master is shattered
to the utmost, but so is the life of all beings. All human beings, young
and old, foolish and wise, all go to the power of death. already ahead
possessed His father could not resist it. or their relatives could not
resist it. when the relatives were watching are entangled in a great
many that you behold the only one of all beings. which can lead to death
Like an ox being led to slaughter, mature and aging

Stay like this. Therefore it is said that human beings truly die of old
age. Therefore, the Blessed One said that this life is small. A man dies
within 100 years, even if a human too much Human beings will surely die
of old age.
[186] The Blessed One said: All people are sorrowful.
Because of our object, all adherences are divine. There is no
Considering this is the most detachment. The clansmen saw this as
follows. should not live in a household. on people who are sad because
of clinging
[187] The words of the people are great. I mourn because
of the objects that are regarded by us as beings: Kings, Brahmins, Pais,
Sutras, Houses, Ordinaries, Devas, Humans. The word we hold on to is our
perseverance. We regard two things as our adherence to our desires. This
clinging of our words to this view is called our clinging to our words.
Find, etc., this is called Our adherence to the view. People, even those
who are paranoid in contention that are considered My mourning is
mourning when he is scrambling, and some is snatching away. Even those
who are paranoid about the variability of objects who regarded us as
sorrow, that is, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow, mourn, sorrow, sorrow, of
passion. when the object is changing some When an object has changed a
bit, therefore it is called that people are sorrowful because of an
object. that is considered ours.
[188] The word adherence Many belong
to impermanence. It means that clinging is two kinds of clinging, namely
clinging to one\'s desires, clinging to one\'s viewpoints, etc. This is
called lustful adherence, etc. This is called lustful adherence. To hold
with a view, clinging to passion is an incomparable property, which is
enhanced by the confluence of factors that arise and arise. The
cessation of deterioration, the cessation, the cessation, the change is
the nature. factors that improve, rely on meeting of birth factors
Ascending, there is an extinction, deterioration, cessation, cessation,
and variation. as true as the Blessed One said. look at the monks Do
they see that? The adherence that belongs to which is stable and
unstable will always be there. with noon. The monks said, \"Venerable
sir, There is none. The Blessed One said, \'Monks, that point has been
abandoned, bhikkhus. although we do not see that adherences that are
permanent, stable, unchanged, will naturally stand there. Always with
lunch. The adherence of the company is sustainable, stable and
unmistakable. The variability is natural, it does not exist. It does not
appear to be inaccessible, hence its name. that all adherences are
eternal, they do not exist at all.


[189] The word adherence Separation is the ultimate It means that when
differences, separation, other things exist, they appear, they exist. as
real as the Lord The Blessed One said, \'Don\'t go, Ananda, don\'t be
sad, I\'ve said that before. Is not it that all the differences,
separation, other things from beings and the beloved body are all
satisfied? At that point, whatever is born, has already existed, which
has been improved. There is a natural dissolution, that thing should not
be destroyed at all, so it is not a position that can be obtained
because the previous aggregates, elements, and senses have changed to
something else. Khans, elements, and ayatanas are the latter, therefore
it is said that this clinging is the ultimate detachment.
[190] The
word that the son of a son should not live in the royal house. The term
iti as a constituent chapter, an obstacle chapter, a complete chapter, a
term Literature is a term that has The consonant euphemisms that this is
the sequence of chapters. A clan has seen and compared, inspecting,
investigating, making it clear in the object that is considered. Our
actions are as follows. hence the name I saw it as follows. The word
should not be in pairs. The deputy house is that the sons cut off all
worries in the lay people. in children and wives worry about relatives
cut off concern for friends and family Cut off all the worries of
wealth, put down his hair and moustache, occupy the shawl. Leaving the
ordination house as a monk To reach the state of being a carefree
person, one should be one to travel, that is, to live, to go, to keep,
to carry on, to carry on. Therefore it is said that the sons of the
sons, having seen this, should not live in the house. Therefore, the
Blessed One said that people sorrow because of the things that regarded
as our adherence All things are divine, they do not exist. This
adherence is completely separate from the four. The clansmen saw this.
should not live in a household.
[191] The Blessed One said: Whatever
great man, these five aggregates of mine, those five khandhas, that man
neglects even by death. Buddhism The graduates are aware of the blame,
however, they should not be inferior to our beliefs. Concerning the
Adhesion to the Benakhandha
[12] The word \"benakhandha\" that a man
neglects even because of death means that death is the capacity to move.
from moo that of those beings, destruction, vanishing, death, death,
kalkiriya, disintegration of the aggregates. Abandonment of the body,
the cutting off of organic life. The word \"benjakhan\" means form,
feeling, contract, sankhara, and spirit. The word \"la\" means
\"benjakhan\", a man who renounces, abandons, disappears, vanishes.
wealth would abandon the animals first Animals abandon their food. Those
treasures go first. Look at the royal thieves who lusted after the
people as greedy people.

Wealth is impermanent, therefore we do not mourn in times of sorrow. the
moon rises The full moon will fade away as the sun sets. and then left
to see the era Therefore we know all the worldly knowledge. We therefore
do not grieve in times of sorrow. Therefore, it is called the five
khandha that a man would leave even because of death.
[193] Which of
these five kanhas of great man are we referring to which of the five
khandhas are form, feeling, contract, body, and spirit. The word man is:
E. Count, meaning, knowledge, commandments, stylistics of the world,
names, naming, names, talks, expressions, talks. with importance with
passion important with importance with importance with great mana with
importance with passion with corruption with importance with important
sentences with motocross, hence the name that a man is important This is
ours.
[194] Even so, the word wise means knowing, knowing, comparing,
inspecting, investigating, making it clear. Declare that penalty in our
subject matter, hence the name Knowing the penalty. The word graduate
means one who has knowledge, one who has wisdom, one who has wisdom, one
who has wisdom. hence the name that the graduate knows the penalty even
so.
[195] The word \"Buddha-maka\" should not be inferior to our
adherence. It means that our adherence is our own two things. Vang is
our clinging to craving 1. Our clinging to view 1. The word Buddhamaka
is the one who leads holding the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha is that
person who respects our Blessed One The Blessed One has designated that
person. Indeed, as the Blessed One said, \"What monks are these
bhikkhus?\" with a mind not concentrated on the monks, those monks are
disobedient. It does not reach the exuberance and exuberance in this
Dharma and Discipline. look at the monks As for whether any of these
monks are deceitful, deceitful, vain, wise, not stubborn, and have a
well-established mind. look at the monks those monks Respect us not gone
without this discipline and reflects the abundance and prosperity in
this Dharma and Discipline. the Blessed One, the Blessed One When he had
finished speaking this proverb, he continued to chant, saying: Those who
are deceitful, stubborn, chattering, screeching, striving, with an
unsettled mind, they do not grow in the Dharma and Discipline of the
Buddha. You have shown that the people are not deceitful, do not talk
nonsense, are wise, are not harsh, have a strong mind. there and
flourishes in the Dharma and Discipline of the Buddha Come to the
Buddha, he has shown.

The word \"Buddhismamaka\" should not be inferior to our beliefs. It
means \"Buddhismamaka\", our clinging to lust. renounce our beliefs with
a view not inclined to Our belief is not to be inclined to incline to
inclination that of ours should not be one who holds that my supremacy
is supreme, hence the name Buddhamaka, should not be inferior to our
esteem. that The Blessed One said, \'Any great man, these five
aggregates are mine, that five aggregates that man. surrender even
because of death Buddhist monks, graduates, are aware of this
punishment. It should not be inferior to our beliefs.
[196] The
Blessed One said: A man waking up does not see the things that come with
the rain, nor does anyone see the dead loved ones. with the advantage of
something like a dream
[197] The word that comes with rain Even if
there is a saying that things come together It is something that has
appeared at the meeting, hence the name. as to the things that come
together with dreams.
[198] The word that a man wakes up does not see
it means that a man who dreams sees horoscopes. The moon saw the sun,
the sun saw the ocean, saw the Sineru mountain, saw the elephant, saw
the horse, saw the car, saw the pedestrians, saw the Sena procession,
saw the delightful garden. saw a delightful forest see a pleasant region
see the pond Naranrom is delighted when he wakes up and does not see
anything, hence the name Vaj. A man waking up does not see it.
[199]
The word ... dear people ... even so is a metaphor. The parable arrives
ready. The word beloved people are beloved people. that is considered
our which is mother, father, brother, brother, sister, sister, son,
daughter, friend, family or blood relative, therefore it is called ...
beloved people ... even so. The word does not see \... The deceased is
gone. It means that after the dead have done the time, they are called
those who have passed away. Not seeing, not seeing, not experiencing,
not being able to find, therefore the name V is not seeing ... The
deceased is gone. say A man waking up does not see the things that come
with the rain, neither do I see the beloved. which has died, even so.
all the people who saw each other who heard the name of Rey Well, those
who have passed away, only their names remain. on things will disappear,
leaving only the name


[202] The word \"people who see each other\" is good to hear each
other\'s names, it is good to see each other That is, people have a form
known by the spirit eye. The word that is heard is a sound that is
harmonized by the spirit. The word people are kings, brahmins, vaishas,
sudaras, laymen, ordinaries, devas, and human beings, therefore they are
called those who see and hear their names. good.
[203] The word has a
name that is called Yessan, King, Brahmin, Pais, Suthorn, Kruhat,
Banphachit, Deva, Human. that has a name, that is, has a name, has a
name that is known have a given name There is a worldly name, a name, a
name, a name, a name that speaks. Have a display name Meaning Have a
specific name. Calling means speaking, speaking, declaring, and hence
the name.
[204] The word remains, but only the name is spoken of. It
means that the form of feeling, sankhara, the soul, which one has
abandoned, abandoned, is lost, has vanished, is left behind. Name only.
The word spoken is to say, to say, to speak, to show, to state.
Therefore, it is called, but only the name remains. that are being
talked about. \"Those who are gone\" means that they have died, have
done their time. The word people are creatures, beings, beings, beings,
beings, beings, beings, beings, beings, beings, are beings, and hence
being called those ... that are spoken of. because of that The Blessed
One said, all the people who saw each other who heard the name of Rey
well, those people who leave After all, only the name remains. that are
being talked about.
[205] The Blessed One said: People who are
enamored with themselves Our regard does not give up sorrow. lust and
jealousy therefore The muni who saw the serenity, the transparency, and
the clinging have traveled. Our mind for the object will never give up
sorrow. and jealousy: sorrow, sorrowful behavior, sorrow, sorrow, inner
sorrow, inner sorrow the inner sorrow Inner rage, inner rage, inner rage
The sorrow of the mind, the sorrow, the arrow is the sorrow of the
survivor, the deterioration of the relatives. Some were affected by the
deterioration of their wealth, some were affected by the deterioration
of the disease. affected by the deterioration of the precepts
deteriorating some impact that coincided with some kind of deterioration
at any cause of suffering some impact. The word affliction is a feeling
of obsession, a symptom of being indifferent, a symptom that is attached
to a feeling of affiliation, an obsession with a speech. Desperation
Desperation Desperation Desperation the depravity of the people if the
relative deterioration affects something, etc. that has been
deteriorated Ditthi hit some that coincided with some kind of
deterioration at any cause of suffering

One affects some. The word jealousy is defined as five kinds of
stinginess, namely stinginess, family stinginess. stinginess stinginess
caste Dharma stinginess, stinginess sees this stingy symptoms stingy
behavior Desires toughness Having the mind to sting in the giving of the
mind that no one can trust in giving is called stinginess. another
stinginess is good The stinginess of the elements is good, the
stinginess of the senses is good. This is called stinginess. Willingness
is called stinginess. Lust is called attraction, that is, lust, lust,
etc., Abhijha, lobha, akusalamul. Two things: our clinging to lust, one
our clinging to lust, etc. This is called our clinging to lust. etc.,
this is called our adherence to the believers, even Those who are
paranoid in snatching up our objects are sorrowful, that is, when they
are scrambling for some. When he snatched away some Even those who are
paranoid about the volatility of an object consider our sorrow, that is,
sorrowful, sorrowful, when that object is to some extent distorted. When
the object has changed somewhat. Even those who are paranoid to scramble
for objects that are considered to be scramble when they are scramble
when they are scramble Take some. Even those who are paranoid about the
volatility of an object consider us to quarrel, that is, to tremble when
that object is somewhat volatile. When the object has changed somewhat.
People will protect Protect objects that are considered ours. cherish
objects that are considered ours, sorrow, do not give up, do not give
up, do not relieve, do not sting does not lead to the absence of sorrow,
jealousy, our enthusiasm for the objects that we hold, hence the name
Indulge in objects that are regarded as ours, never giving up sorrow,
sorrow, and jealousy. Concerning Monai Dharma
[207] The word
therefore, all the Muni see the transparency neglecting the
dependability travel, therefore, the word therefore becomes fragmented,
for that reason, for that reason, because of that factor because that
tale is to see that blame in the object that we hold Therefore, it is
called therefore. The words of the Muni are said to be wisdom, called
Mona, namely wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., non-delusion, altruism.
Dharma, Righteousness, all people Then by that insight the name Muni is
the one who has reached the knowledge called Mona. Monaiyya (the muni)
has three things: bodily moniyadhamma, verbal moniyadhamma, and mind
bodily monai-dhamma 1. What is bodily moniyadhamma? Abandoning the three
corrupt bodies is called bodily morality, three kinds of bodily honesty,
mind having body as emotion. body awareness This way of communion with
enlightenment, this renunciation in the body is called bodily
moniyadhamma. What is verbal morality? The four kinds of malpractices
are called verbal monai Dharma. Four words of honesty. Wisdom has speech
as emotion. verbal prescribing the union path with a degree

I\'m greedy in words the extinction of speech attainment of secondary
meditation This is the verbal name Monai Dhamma. What is the morality of
the mind? The three kinds of neglect are called mental morality. Mano-
\*Integrity in three ways. Wisdom has mind as emotion. mental
determination The Path of Companionship, the renunciation of the mind,
the cessation of the mind. The attainment of the Vedic Nirodha contract,
name of speech, mental moniyadhamma, is called mental moniyadhamma. The
Lord Buddha said The sages have spoken of the muni who are bodily muni,
verbal muni, mental muni, who do not seek salvation. He is the one who
reaches with the dharma that makes him a muni. One who renounces all
defilements, the sages speak to the muni of the body, the muni in the
speech, the muni of the mind. Cannot find the taint as a person with the
dharma that makes it a muni. one who has cleansed sins, etc., stepping
on the Dharma as a request and lust, just as the net already exists as a
person worshiped by gods and humans. That person\'s name is Muni. The
word clinging consists of two kinds of clinging: clinging to one\'s
desires, clinging to one\'s views, etc., this is called lust. well
Holding with passion, etc., this is called adhere to all views,
refraining from obedience Holding on to lust, giving up clinging with a
view behave and go round and round, keep going and keep going The
picture continues. Seeing the serenity, the immortal nirvana is called
the serenity that transcends the serenity of the body. All the
renunciation of all possessions, the cessation of craving, the cessation
of craving, are the boundaries. sees resistance, sees secrets, sees
refuge, sees harmlessness He sees immobility, sees immortality, sees
nirvana, therefore they are called muni who see emptiness. neglecting
the dependability Already traveled. Therefore, the Blessed One said,
People who are enamored with themselves Our regard does not give up
sorrow. lust and jealousy therefore Muni, who see the purity and
transparency, have neglected the clinging. Have traveled already.

[208] The Exalted One said: graduates to say that he did not show
himself in that world of monks who behave, avoid those who are in a
quiet seat It is in harmony. Concerning those who practice avoidance

[209] The word of the monks who practice avoidance means that the
seven classes of Sekha are called behaviorists. avoid An arahant is
called a shun. The seven classes of sekha are called those who practice.
Avoid for what reason? The one who has the mind avoids, retreats,
blocks, suppresses, forbids, maintains, protects the mind from such
emotions. behave, move on, maintain, carry on

to let the self continue urges to avoid retreating, retreating,
blocking, forbidding treatment Protect the mind from that emotion in the
eye, conduct it, turn it around, maintain it, carry it on, so that the
self will go on. The one who has the mind avoids, retracts, retreats,
blocks, suppresses, forbids, protects, protects the mind from those
emotions in the auditory \... in the anal \... in the chivaha anal \...
In the anus ... One who has the mind avoided, retracted, retreated,
blocked, suppressed, forbidden, healed, carried on, so that the state of
affairs proceeded like a feather or tendon. which is inserted into the
fire shrivels and does not unfold .Therefore, the seven classes of sekha
are called those who practice escapism. The value of a monk is that of a
monk who is a gentleman. or of a bhikkhu who is a monk, hence the name
of a bhikkhu who practices escapism.
[210] The word \"bhikkhus\" means
that the seat of the monks is called asana, which is a bed seated on a
leather mat, lined with grass. The leaves are sloping, the other is
sloping with straw. The sound is not comfortable. inhaling unpleasant
odor It is not comfortable to taste the tastes, to touch things are not
comfortable, from the five senses, it is not comfortable for those who
are involved in, constantly intimidating, intoxicating, consuming.
relied on narcotics, which is the seat hence the name that the person
who is in a quiet seat Concerning Three Kinds of Harmony
[211] The
words of the sages refer to the absence of manifesting themselves in
that world as being in harmony, having knowledge. Reminds that unity is
three kinds of unity, namely, Unity One, Dharma Unity, and One
Anabinibhatti Unity 1. What is the Unity Society? Even many monks in
unison, admiring each other, not quarreling, as if Nam Zhe With milk
looking at each other with a loving eye, this is called unity. What is
Dharma Harmony? 4 Satipatthana, 4 Righteousness, 4 Influence, 4
Organics, 5 Strength, 5 Bojjhana, 7 Noble Eightfold Paths, those dharmas
pass away. clear, well enshrined salvation through unity There is no
conflict between those dharmas. This is called the Dharma and Harmony.
What is Anabinibhatti Harmony? Even so many monks. The *nirvana of the
bhikkhus, the nirvana of the elemental nirvana, the existence of the
incomplete or overflowing of the nirvana elements of those monks does
not appear. This is the name. Ja Anpiniphatti unity. The word in the
world is Hell, it is the world of beings born in Hell. Kamnoen Dirajan
is the world of beings born in the world Pretavisa is the world of
beings born in the human* being. The world is the world of human beings.
The world is the world of the gods. The word graduates say no. manifest
in that world It is in harmony, that is, the wise say, say, speak, show,
declare in this way that any bhikkhu has practiced this way. Do not show
yourself in Hell. Birth of Dirajan Pretavisai Human-

\*The world, the world, the non-existence of the monks It\'s a unity,
that is, a concealment. It should, therefore, be commendable. Therefore,
they are called graduates who say no to show. himself in that world It
is in harmony. because of that The Blessed One said, graduates to say
that he did not show himself in that world of monks who behave, avoid
those who are in a quiet seat It is in harmony.
[212] The Blessed One
said: A muni no longer dwells in all things, does not make a living
being as beloved, and does not make a living being as loathsome. No lust
and jealousy are not attached to this muni, it is like water does not
stick to a lotus leaf, therefore. That is, the eye, form, ear, sound,
nose, smell, tongue, taste, body, touch, mind, and mind are called all
things. The word Muni means wisdom, called Mona, which is wisdom,
general knowledge, etc. and lust only exists and is the one who favors
devas and men. When one is worshiped, that person is called Muni. The
word non-dependent means that there are two kinds of dependence, namely
dependence on craving and also dependence. This ditthi 1 is called the
dependence on lust, this is called the dependence on the view does not
rely, is not dependent, does not get involved, does not reach, is not
attracted to, is not willing to go out and give up The eye, ear, nose,
tongue, body, mind, form, sound, smell, taste, touch, dharmamon, family,
abbot, fortune, yos, sans, happiness, robes, alms, senas, kilan,
medicinal necessities, sensual elements, immaterial elements. Gamma,
form, immaterial, non-formal, non-formal, non-formal, non-formal,
non-formal, non-formal, non-formal, unreal, na-na-na-na-nap-p,
euk-wokarnphop, quadruple-panchavokarnap, past, future, present,
Ditadhamma, Suttadhamma, Mutthamma, Spirit Tappa Dharma a person who has
an active mind To be free from the realm of defilements, therefore it is
called that the Muni no longer dwells in all things. Concerning two
things that are beloved
[214] the word not doing the Sattasakhara as
being loved and not doing the Sattasakhara is There is also the saying
that \"beloved\" is two things that are loved, namely, animals, 1 body
and 1. Why are animals loved? All the beings in this world are people
who prosper, who benefit and benefit. who needs well-being Who is clear
from yogic defilements, that is, mother and father? Are some brothers
and sisters? Some sisters, some sons, some daughters, some friends, some
brothers and sisters. some blood relatives of that person These animals
are called beloved. All sankharas are dear. Why is it pleasing to form,
sound, smell, taste? These sankharas are called dear. The word loathsome
means that there are two things that are loathed, namely beings and
sankharas.

Why are all the animals hated? All the beasts in this world are people
who crave for things that are of no benefit. Who cares about unwell? Who
is not free from yogic defilements, who wants to liberate from that
person\'s life, these beings are called detestable. Why are all
sankharas not pleasing to form, sound, smell, taste? These sankharas are
called detestable. The word not doing the satasakhara is loved and not
That the sattasakhara is hated, is that the Muni do not do it.
Sattasanghara is loved with the ability of desire. This beast is dear to
us, and all these creatures are pleasing to us. and not make the
Satta-sakhara hateful with the ability of resentment that This beast is
our detest. And these sankharas are not to our liking, that is, they do
not arise, they do not arise, they do not arise, therefore they are
called words. Do not make the satta-sakkha to be loved. and do not make
the satta-sankhara as a tchi. not trapped in that muni Like water does
not stick in a lotus leaf, therefore it is said that in this muni is
that one who is an Arahant Kina. The word rambling is the feeling of
neglecting the feeling of being perfect. of being obsessed with idiocy,
idiocy, idiocy Delusion delusion of people who are affected by the
decline of their relatives affected by the deterioration of wealth that
are affected by the deterioration of the disease when the deterioration
of the precepts affects some that are deteriorated Some of the effects
of the Ditthi that coincided with some kind of deterioration at any
cause of suffering One affects some. The word jealousy is defined as
five kinds of stinginess, namely stinginess, address, family stinginess.
stinginess stinginess caste stinginess, stinginess, stingy behavior
stingy behavior different desires tenacity, stubbornness, pain in giving
someone\'s mind To be unreliable in such a view is called stinginess.
stinginess is good Elemental stinginess is fine. stinginess is good This
is called stinginess. Willingness is called stinginess, this is called
stinginess. The word not sticking is like water does not stick to a
lotus leaf, so the pathum leaf is called a lotus leaf. Water is called
Waree. commitment and Stinginess does not stick, does not get stuck,
does not get stuck, that is, is not attached, does not get stuck, does
not get stuck. a person who is The arahant Kina is like water that does
not stick, does not stick, is ready, does not enter. to be stuck, that
is, a thing that does not get stuck ready not to get stuck in the pathum
leaves and That person would not be stuck. not stuck, ready to not get
stuck, is a person who is not stuck who is ready to not get caught up as
a person who has already surrendered with those passions He is the one
who has the mind to be free from the realm of defilements. Therefore, it
is said that the enthusiasm and jealousy in a muni is like water that
does not stick. in the lotus leaf. The Blessed One said, Muni no longer
dwells in all things, does not Tasangkha said it was loved and not
needed.

Sattasangkha is hated. Like water does not stick to a lotus leaf,
therefore.
[216] Just as a water drop does not stick to a lotus leaf,
it does not stick to a lotus. A muni does not get trapped in the form
seen, the sound is heard and the mood is flat.
[217] The word drops do
not get stuck in a lotus leaf, there is A drop of water is called a drop
of water. A pathum leaf is called a lotus leaf. A drop of water doesn\'t
stick, it doesn\'t stick, it doesn\'t get stuck, it doesn\'t belong.
Sticking, not sticking, ready, not getting stuck in the lotus leaf, so
it is called A drop of water does not stick to a lotus leaf. Where there
is a saying that the Pathum flower is called a lotus flower. Water is
called Waree. Just as the water does not stick, it does not stick, it
does not get attached, that is, it is not attached to it, it is not
attached to it, it is not attached to the lotus, hence its name. That
water does not become attached to a lotus flower.
[219] The word Muni
does not attach itself to forms seen, heard sounds, and perceived
emotions. Therefore, I mean that the word I is a metaphor and a metaphor
to reach a specific point of view. The word Muni means that knowledge is
called Mona, which is Panna. Wisdom, universal knowledge, etc.,
advancing the Dharma are related, and lust is just as exists and is
worshiped by gods and humans. That is called muni. The word addict means
two kinds of addiction, one is lust, one is lust, etc. This is called
lust. This kind of craving, etc., is called attachment. The muni
renounces lust, renounces lust. Ditthi is broken who does not get stuck,
does not get stuck, is not stuck, is not getting stuck Destroyed,
detached, unrelated, in the visible form, the audible sound, the
perceived emotion A person whose mind makes it free from the realm of
defilement is therefore called a muni. Therefore, the Exalted One said,
Drops do not stick in lotus leaves. Just as water does not become
entangled in a lotus flower, a muni is not entangled in a form that sees
sounds and feelings that are flat. Wisdom is an eliminator, it is
insignificant in form seen, sound heard, and flattened emotions.
desperately wishing Write it down with a different path. unstable
Certainly does not relax at all.
[221] The word Arahant, the wise, is
a destroyer. It is insignificant in form of sight, sound heard, and
emotion known. The word Dhona means that wisdom is called Thona. These
are knowledge, general knowledge, etc., non-delusion, decency, right
view. For what reason, wisdom is called Dhona. For wisdom is the means
to cleanse, cleanse, and cleanse the corrupt body, corrupt speech,
corrupt conscience, lust, wrath, hatred, anger, anger, negligence,
equality, envy, stinginess, deceit, hypocrisy. boasting, arrogance, good
competition, arrogance, contempt

Drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all corruption. All the
anxiety, all the rage, all the greed because of that Wisdom is called
Thona. On the other hand, sammaditthi is a culprit. Wash and clean,
which Michaditthisamma sankappa is a washing machine. laundry which is
unfathomable Mawa is a machine that removes, washes, cleans, washes,
which Michavaca Samma Kamanta is a machine that removes, washes, washes,
washes, and washes away, which is not a machine that eliminates, washes
and washes. Washing, which Michavayama Sammāvayama is a machine to
remove, wash, cleanse, wash, and wash where Misha Vayama Sammāsati is a
machine to remove, wash, cleanse, and wash which is not mindful. Micha
samadhi Washing machine, washing, washing, which is dishonest.
Sammavimuti is a machine that removes, washes, cleans, and washes that
do not sleep. d. On the other hand, the Noble Eightfold Path as a
deterrent Wash and cleanse all defilements, all dishonesty, all anxiety.
all the rage all trouble All auspiciousness An arahant has reached,
reached, ready, entering with him, aligned, aligned, ready, made up of
all dharmas as a deterrent This is why an arahant is called having
wisdom as a tool to eliminate that arhat. The lusts, sins, passions, and
passions have been eliminated, so it is known that the wise is the
elimination. The word wise arhat is a It is not important in the visible
form of the sound that is heard. and the flattened temperament, that is,
an Arahant who has wisdom as a means of insignificance, whose form seen
is insignificant in a visible form. The shape is insignificant, but the
figure seen is insignificant. The picture we have seen is not important.
which the sound received is not important. in the sound heard It
doesn\'t matter But the sound heard is not important, the sound we have
heard is not important, which is not important to the senses. It is
important in the known emotion it does not matter, but the known emotion
does not matter if the known emotion is not important. not important
which the enlightened mood It doesn\'t matter in an enlightened mood. It
doesn\'t matter, but an enlightened mood doesn\'t matter. that the mood
we know It has been reported. The monks said that, lay people, it is
important that we exist. that we shall not, that we shall have, that we
shall not have that we shall be creatures that we will be animals
without contracts That we will be animals, there is no promise, no
promise, and the human being is as a disease, as a boil, as Arrows are
sinister. Therefore, monks, you should study this way that we will be
wise. It doesn\'t matter All of you have studied this way, and therefore
are called a wise Arahant. It doesn\'t matter in the picture you see.
audible sound and known emotions.
[222] The word Arahant does not
desire purification of any other path, that is, an Arahant whose wisdom
is the limit. Does not desire, does not delight, does not desire, does
not love, does not like purity, purity, liberation, liberation,
cessation by other paths. that is, with an infinite path with the wrong
attitude by a way that does not lead out of suffering, except for
mindfulness Therefore, the Noble Eightfold Path has the Eightfold Path.

Therefore it is called an Arahant who does not desire purity through any
other path.
[223] The word Arahant unstable does not disengage at all.
It is said that all ordinary people The seven noble people, as well as
the ladies and gentlemen. relax As for the Arahants, they cannot lust.
The liberation was not found. because the arahant is disenchanted
because he is free from lust by lust, because he is ng, one is free from
anger by anger, because he is numb, is gone without delusion, and an
*arahant . that is over there is a well-behaved conduct, etc., the new
world does not exist for that arhat, therefore the name is spoken. That
Arahant is not determined at all. The Buddha then said: An arahant who
has wisdom as a tool It is insignificant in form of sight, sound,
hearing, and flat mood. The Arahant cannot purify the other paths.
indefinite I did not relax at all as follows. Finished Jarasuttanidthes
the 6th. ------------ Tissamettayasuttanidthes 7th*
[*224*](ทานพระติสสเมตเตยยะกราบทูลถามพระผูมพี%20ระภาควา) *I am not the one
who seeks suffering. Ask him to speak his grievances. of people who
practice frequently in Gemini Dharma, we have heard His teachings will
study in Vivek. On Gemini Dharma
[225] The word of a person who is
often engaged in Gemini Dharma means that the name Gemini Dharma means
the Dharma of the wicked. The Dharma of the villagers, the Dharma of the
wicked, the Dharma of the wicked, the Dharma with water the most. Dharma
to be done in secret Dharma is the readiness of two people. Why is it
called Gemini-* dharma? immersed in sensuality, with sensual
rejuvenation, possessing a sensual mind It is fair for both people to be
the same. For this reason it is called Gemini Dharma. Two people
quarreling are called couples. Two people are doing more evil than two
people. notorious people It is called a couple, two people quarreling
with each other. than two people Let\'s discuss. called a couple two
people talking called a couple two people arguing Just as they are
called dual people, that Dharma is the Dharma of both those who are
greedy, greedy, who are lustful. There is an increase in sensuality
possessed by a lustful mind They are both the same person. me too for
this reason therefore called Gemini Dharma. The word for a person who
frequently engages in Gemini Dharma is a person who engages, engages in
general, acts in generosity. accompanying in Gemini Dharma, i.e. behave
in Gemini Dharma The Dharma in the Gemini, the Gemini Dharma, the
Dharma.

Gemini Dharma inclined to Gemini Dharma Having that Gemini Dharma is
great, hence the name of a person who regularly engages in Gemini
Dharma. There is a Buddha saying, \"Iti\" is a synonym, it is a precept,
it is a purana, it is a vocabulary, it is a vowel. with consonants in
sequence. The word Aysma is a symbol of love. as a saying with respect
It is said with respect, it is said with reverence The word Tissa is a
noun. d counted as a recognizable mark, as a commandment, as a rhetoric,
as a name. It is a name, it is a name, it is a word, it is a symbol, it
is a specific thing of the Elder. The word Mettaeyya is a pedigree, a
counter. It is a sign of knowledge, a commandment, and a speech of the
Thera. Therefore, it is called Phra Tissamettaeyya. Tell the Blessed One
that.
[227] The word I am not suffering. Ask him to speak his
grievances. (of a person who is a frequent practice in Gemini Dharma)
says, \'May the Lord speak, that is, please tell, declare, decree,
appoint, disclose, classify, smoothen, declare grievances. is the
enthusiasm, the encroachment Suffering, suffering, frustration. The word
Marisa is a symbol of love. Speak with respect and reverence Therefore
it is said that I, the one who seeks suffering, does not ask thee to
speak his grievances.
[228] The word has heard His teachings means
that he has heard, has heard, has studied, has entered into the
ordination. which is the way of preaching and teachings of the Lord,
therefore it is called hearing His teachings. Concerning Vivek 3
[229]
The word to study in Vivek means Vivek, which is Vivek, which is 3
Vivek, i.e. body vaveka, 1 citta vaveka, 1 Updhi Viveka, 1. What is
vaveka? In this Dharma and Discipline, a bhikkhu dwells in the secluded
places of forests, tree roots, mountains, gorges, caves, cemeteries, and
forests, the open, swaying, and secluded. with the body, that is,
walking alone, standing alone sitting alone, lying alone went into the
house to make alms, returned alone, sitting in A place that avoids the
loneliness, prays to the clergyman alone, who is alone, lives, changes
his posture, acts, maintains, so that this is what is called Physical
solitude. What is solitude? A monk enters the first meditation having a
mind secluded from neura, entering into secondary jhana, having a mind
secluded from anxiety and scrutiny, entering a tertiary jhana, having a
mind secluded from rapture, entering the final jhana, having a mind
secluded from bliss and devotion. Akasanayatonjan having a mind secluded
from forms of contracts Entering the Akinyanayatan Jhana, having a calm
mind from the Spirituality. Entering the contract have a calm mind from
aggression

(when that monk) is a single person There is a mind secluded from
Sakkaya Ditthi Wichikitha Silabbat Pramas Dittha Nusaiwichikicchanusai
and from the gleams that are located in the same place. Sakkaya Ditthi,
etc., is a monk. sakadakami mentality secluded from kamarakajonpatakhhi
sacrificial devotion Rough and from the passion that is located in these
days together with Kamarakana, etc. as an Anagami Having a mind isolated
from kamaraksayojan, kamarakanusayon, kamaraknusai, patikanusai,
carelessly, and from the same defilements. with kamarakha, who wants to
be negligent, etc., is an arahant who has a mind isolated from the form
of sensual lust, lust, lust, utdhacca, avijjamanusayabhava. Price nusai,
avijjanusai, desires that are located in the same places as lust and so
on. And out of all sankhara visions in the outside, this is called
cittaviveka. What is Updhiviveka? Good defilement, good khandha, good
bhasikhara, is called Updhi. Immortal Nirvana is called Upathivavak,
which means the cessation of all body. renunciation of all possessions
lust The cessation of liberation from lust is a hundred-year instrument.
This is called Upatwiwek. There is a solitude for a person who has a
retreating body, who is pleased. in the Nekkhammachit to a person with a
conscience Purity to the utmost radiance, upheadhi is to the person who
is depleted, to the nirvana which is seclusion. (1)- @(1) See Article
33, the word to study in seclusion means that the Elder has normally
studied sakkha. On the other hand, the Elder would ask for a sermon, so
he said that he would study in seclusion. Because of that,
Tissamettayaya Thera said to the Lord (Tissamettayaya said to the
Blessed One). There is no sorrow. May the Lord speak for the grievances
of those who regularly practice in Gemini Dharma. We have listened to
your teaching and will study it. Vivek.
[230](พระผูมีพระภาคตรัสวาดูกรเมตเตยยะ) The teachings of a person who
regularly engages in Gemini Dharma are faint. and that person does
wrong, this is an unworthy virtue in that person.
[231] The word of a
common practitioner in Gemini Dharma means the name Gemini Dharma is the
Dharma of the unsound. The Dharma of the villagers, the Dharma of the
wicked, the Dharma of the wicked, the Dharma with water as its source.
Dharma to be done in secret Dharma is the readiness of two people. Why
is it called Gemini Dhamma? Drowning in lust, sensuality erupts, having
a mental state of sensuality dominates like a person. The two of them
together for this reason are called Gemini Dharma. Two people make a
quarrel, it\'s called a couple. than two people Make a scandal known as
a couple. Two people make a quarrel. called a pair of people

together are called couples. two people talking called a couple two
people arguing Just as they are called dual people, that dharma is the
dharma of two people who are greedy and greedy, who are enlivened by
lust, arise, and possess a lustful mind. a person like Dayi Both of them
are the same, for this reason they are called Gemini Dharma.
accompanying in Gemini Dharma, i.e. behave in Gemini Dharma heavy in
Gemini Toward Gemini Dharma Lean To Gemini Dharma Transfer To Gemini
Dharma Congratulations to Gemini Dharma There is such a great Gemini
Dharma. Therefore, it is the name of a person who has practiced
frequently in Gemini Dharma. (Meaning of the word Bhagava) The Blessed
One called that Elder by his clan as Mettaeyya. Phagava is the name of
the amulet. Speak with respect. Another thing is called Bhagava, because
one who destroys lust, destroys lust, destroys ruler, destroys mana,
destroys view, destroys. Severed thorns, destroyed desires, and because
of the goodness that He classifies, distinguishes, distinguishes. He
distinguished only the Dharma jewels, because he had done the best of
all worlds, because he had a trained body. Have a trained mind. Has
trained wisdom. In addition, the Blessed One He dwelt in the quiet, lush
and dense forests, with little noise, without rumblings, and without
crowds of passers-by. It is the secret karma of human beings. Therefore,
the Blessed One has the share of robes, alms, senas, and kilanna factors
and medicines, hence the name Bhagava. The Blessed One has the share of
the supernatural, the high spirit, the wisdom, which is the taste, the
taste, the liberty, therefore it is called the Bhagava. 4 jhānas, 4
appaññas, 4 impermanent forms, hence the name Bhagava. In addition, the
Blessed One is involved in liberation, 8 Abhidhamma (Jhanape) location
Possessing emotions in Kasin) 9 samapati anupubbhavihara (4 forms of
jhana, 4 arupana and 4 vedic nirodha 1) hence it is called the Bhagava.
The part of the contract of prayer 10 Kasin Samapat 1 Anapanasati
samadhi, asupasamapati, hence the name Bhagava. of the four foundations
of mindfulness, the four simpādhana, the 4 power, the 4 organics, the 5
physical strength, the 5 Bojjhanga, the 7 Noble Eightfold Path, and
therefore is called the Bhagava. The Blessed One has the part of the
Tathagata Phonya, 10 Vesarajjadhammas, 4 Patiences, 4 Agnostics, 6
Buddhadhammas, and therefore Therefore, he is called the Bhagava. His
name is this sahava, mother, father, brother, sister, friend, amata,
blood relative, ascetic, brahmin, and deva. He did not honor the name of
this realm. Nawimok Khantiknam (Name in Arahat Phon in the order of the
Arhat Path) is the truth commandment. (The commandment that arises
because of doing good declaring Arahatship and Dharma. all) together
with attaining enlightenment at the root of the Bodhi Tree of the
Enlightened One, hence the name The Blessed One said: \"Dokorn Metteiya,

[232] The word instruction \... is blurry, it means that the teaching
is unclear.

For two reasons, imperial instruction is faded; 1, practical instruction
is faded; 1. What is imperial instruction? What teachings, namely Sutta,
Kayya, Veyakarana, Spell, Exclamation, Itivuttaka, Jataka, Upbhuta
Dharma, Vedalla, which one has studied? This is called the formal
instruction. Fuzzy, Fuzzy, Fuzzy, Fuzzy, Teaching ... Fuzzy. in this
manner in the following manner. What is a practical instruction?
practice proper conduct, conduct, not an enemy The practice is based on
benefits. The practice of dharma is suitable for the dharma. A protected
period in organics, moderation in nutrition. frequent composition In
being awakened, mindfulness, mindfulness, the four foundations of
consciousness, the 4 powers, the 4 organics, the 5 strengths, the 5
Bojjangha, the 7 Noble Eightfold Paths, this is called teaching. in
practice. even practical instruction Fuzzy, Fuzzy, Fuzzy, Fuzzy,
Teaching ... Fuzzy. in this manner in the following manner.
[233] The
word that a person commits a crime means that a person kills some
animals. Some burglaries, some cut off, plundered without leaving, but
robbed only the house. snatches and robs on the way Some are isolated,
some associate with other people\'s wives, some tell falsehoods, hence
the name verb. That person commits a wrong act.
[234] This word is a
bad virtue in that person, meaning that this wrong practice fair, not
sublime fairness of bullies fairness of the delusional The Dharma of the
ignorant, the Dharma of the unstable person, hence the name. that this
is fair not good in that person. because of that The Blessed One said,
(The Blessed One said: (Dukornmettaeyya) The teachings of a person Often
formed in the obscured Gemini Dharma that person commits this wrong is a
dharma not good in that person.
[235] Any person who is a sole
traveler in the beginning (later) indulges in Gemini Dharma, sages. said
that person being a wicked mortal in the world like a moving vehicle.

[236] Initially, the word \"lonely\" also meant \"lonely\". for two
reasons, namely, by ancestry 1; by communion with the group; How does
one go into ordination? A person eliminates anxiety in the lay people,
all worries in children and wives. worry about relatives Cut off anxiety
in friends and relatives. Cut off anxiety in wealth. Put on the hair and
mustache. Put on a shawl. ordained as a monk access to being

The one who is not worried is the only one who travels, is to change the
civilization. In the beginning, he was a single person who traveled in
the first place with such an ordination. He was a solo traveler in the
beginning by eliminating his frustration. How does that person work?
Then he was ordained alone, who was addicted to lush and dense forests.
Quiet, low-pitched, without rumblings. without traffic collisions It is
the secret karma of mankind, worthy of seclusion. That monk walks alone,
stands alone, sits alone, lies alone. Went to the house, traveled the
alms round alone, returned alone, sat in a secret place. Pray He is the
only one who lives, changes his posture, behaves, maintains his or her
identity. In the beginning, he was the only one who traveled. The
elimination of the mix with this group.
[237] The word \"Whoever ...
is addicted to Gemini Dharma\" is said to be Gemini Dharma, that is, the
Dharma of the wicked, etc. Therefore, it is called Gemini Dharma. The
word that any person ... is addicted to Gemini Dharma, that person later
said to return the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha, the Sikkhā, as a lay
man, yo muse. Intoxicated, obsessed, only consumes Gemini Dharma,
therefore it is called a person who...
[238] The word man ... in the
world is like a revolving ship. Therefore, it is said that a ship is an
elephant, a horse, a horse, a cow, a goat, a sheep, a camel, a spinning
ship, that is, a hill. untrained Untrained, untrained, will go the wrong
way. Some stumps, some uneven piles of stones. Some parts of the
driver\'s body were destroyed. fall into the abyss That ship that spins
is that which he is not trained, untrained, untrained, will go away.
Just as a person turns in the wrong direction is like a revolving ship.
to take the wrong way is to be a hypocrite thi, etc. That day. That ship
that spins is where he doesn\'t. untrained Just as the rain did not grow
up on the stumps, some piles of stones, some uneven. That person spun in
the wrong direction like a spinning ship. go to the scooter The karma of
speech, imagination, panatipat, Athinnathan, Kamesumicchacar, Musavat
Pisunavava, Pharusavava, Sampapplapa, Apichcha, Phayabat,
Michaditsangkhara, the five impermanent kamuras. Just as a person who is
trained, not trained, not trained, destroys the part of a person who
rides it, that person turns in the wrong direction, like a revolving
ship destroys oneself in Hell destroys itself in the birth of beasts.
Evil destroys oneself in the vision of the devil. self-destruction in
the human world Just as a ship that turns, that is, untrained,
untrained, uncultivated, inevitably falls to some extent, that person
turns in the wrong direction. like a revolving vehicle would fall into
the abyss, that is, some nation fall into the abyss is old Falling into
the abyss is some parasite falling into the abyss is Some deaths fall
into the abyss, namely Sokapardeva, suffering, sorrow, and sorrow.
That\'s how some apothecary. In the world is in the evil world, etc.,
the human world, therefore Hence the name that person...in the world.
like a veil of swaying.
[239] The words of the wise say that being a
bad person

What does that mean? Appreciate that, vow very much to the Master,
because of the view that all the precepts are very hundred; It has been
prepared a lot because of the likeness that one floats along many
different kinds of defilements, because one wanders with lust. in many
different ways because of the meaning that the one who is determined is
very desirous, delighted, enamored, infatuated, involved in the five
kamma And because of the likeness that the five hundred unnirans
covered, covered, covered, and occupied much. The words of all the
graduates being a virtuous man, saying that the wise have said, said,
said, said, and made such a statement that he was a mortal, wicked,
atheist, lewd, filthy, inferior. Little, therefore, the sages are said
to be bad people. because of that The Blessed One said that any person
is the only one. In the beginning (later) he would inflict virtuous
behavior. The sages said that he was an evil mortal in the world. like a
moving ship, therefore. Rati in the past of a bhikkhu is deteriorating.
The bhikkhu sees Even so, one should study in order to disobey the
Dhamma. Concerning rank and honor.
[241] rank and honor Rati in the
past of bhikkhus has deteriorated, why is that dignity? Some monks in
this Dharma and Discipline He was worshiped, revered, revered,
venerated, and had received robes, alms, alms, and medicinal necessities
in the past. Why is this monk called the honorable rank? Some monks in
this Dhamma and Discipline are the people who praise the honor as sage,
wise, and wise. Nopahu Sutta, having beautiful speech, good wit, he
remembers some sutras. He remembered some disciplines. some He is the
holder of some alms rounds in the forest The holder of the robes as a
measure, the holder of the three robes as the temple He is the holder of
alms rounds in the order of the alley as a measure, the holder of the
prohibition of eating later as a measure is the holder of the sitting as
a measure is the holder of the Senasana according to what he organized
as a measure was the person who received the first meditation is a
person who has a second meditation are some of the people who have
graduated Some are four people, some are a person who has a spiritual
nature, some are a person who has a spiritual self-\* Some of them are
those who have been honored. was the person who received the contract In
the past, this was called honor. The word honor and honor. The former
rati of the bhikkhus declined, that is, later, when that bhikkhu said to
return the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha, and the Sikkhā, he became a
householder and hated him. Rati is deteriorating, that is, all is lost,
is gone, is gone, is gone therefore go Thus the title and prestige of
the former bhikkhus are deteriorating. If a bhikkhu sees the
deterioration, he should study it in order to break the law of
ignorance.

That word means that a bhikkhu sees, meets, compares, considers, makes
clear. to make it known that treasure and calamity are honor and honor
Rati in the past was when he was a monk. has become a deterioration rank
and disgrace Rati of the monks who said to return the Buddha, the Dharma
and the Sangha and turn around as After all, the layman, therefore, is
said to have seen the decline even so. The word one should study is the
three precepts, i.e., reciting the precepts, 1, adhicittasika, 1,
adhipanyasikkha, 1. Why is a monk in this Dharma and Discipline a moral
person? Summarizes with composure in the Patimokkha, including the Ajara
and the orbit. Seeing the dangers in all the punishments are few,
meditate, study in the precepts of the precepts Khan Yai precepts are
the premise of being a practice, a consolidation. as a caution, as a
mouth, as the chairman of the readiness of All these wholesome qualities
are called upholding the precepts. Here a bhikkhu, secluded from sensual
pleasures, secluded from unwholesome dharmas, attains the First Jhāna,
where he is anxious and scrutinized, having the rapture and bliss that
arises because of the secluded scrutiny and attaining the Second *Jhana
of pure clarity. be mindful Inside is Thamma Ekphadu. No worries, no
judgment, joy and happiness. born of concentration, because of the
cessation of rapture, there is equanimity, mindfulness, comprehension,
and equanimity with body name and attainment of the maternal jhana,
which the noble ones praise as the one who has this jhana is the one who
having equanimity, mindful, living happily, because of the abandonment
of all pleasures and sorrows and the cessation of former joys and
sorrows, he had attained the Fourth Jhana without suffering. Equanimity
is the cause of purification of mindfulness, this is called
adhicittasika. What is the wisdom of the sikkha? Wisdom consists of
wisdom @(1) See verse 84 leading to birth and cessation, the first noble
defilement, which rightfully leads to the cessation of suffering. The
Lord knows as it really is, this sorrow, this sorrow, this sorrow, this
sorrow, this sorrow, this sorrow. these are taints This causes ashes.
this cessation This practice leading to the cessation of taints is
called adhipanya sikkha. The word Gemini Dharma is said to be called
Gemini Dharma, i.e. the Dharma of the wicked, etc. Therefore, it is
called Gemini Dhamma. One should study in order to neglect Gemini and*
Dharma. It is said that a monk should study even after breaking the
precepts. should study even high-spirited One should study even wisdom,
to renounce, to be calm, to relinquish, to protect. Gemini Dharma is a
bhikkhu when he thinks, when he sees, when he considers. when praying
when bowing in faith when he reinforces his perseverance, when he sets
his mind; when he sets his mind; when he knows clearly with wisdom when
he Knowing the Dharma that should be known when formulating, knowing the
Dhamma that should be established, knowing when abandoning the Dhamma,
when developing the Dharma that should be developed. When enlightening
the dharma that should be clarified, one should study, behave in a
hospitable manner. well behaved Therefore, a bhikkhu, having seen the
deterioration, should study it in order to disobey the Dhamma.
Therefore, the Exalted One said,

The former rank and honor of a monk has deteriorated. Even so, a monk,
if he sees the decline, should study it in order to neglect the Dharma.
With his ingenuity sluggish, like the orphans, the scolding of other
peoples has been heard. would be shy Be that person. Concerning the
disadvantages of a bhikkhu,
[244] the word bhikkhu, even with his
sluggish demeanor, like an orphan, means that bhikkhu The desires of
sensuality, in vengeance, in the intrusion, indulging in thought,
affecting, dominating, swarming, stagnate, sluggish, lethargic, lonely,
like an orphan. Foolish people are fascinated. Birds trap mice in the
branches. The sluggish, sluggish, sluggish tree. Just as a fox catches
fish on the banks of a river How sluggish, lethargic and lonely the cat
traps rodents in the junction of the water pipes and the waterholes.
Just as an ass drowsy, sluggish, drowsy, drowsy, as a donkey has wounds
on his back, sluggish, lethargic, drowsy in a rocky place where there is
water and the shore. e As such a monk who turns to the wrong intentions
persistence in harassment Thoughts with views affect, dominate, swarm,
swarm, stagnate, sluggish, sluggish, drowsy; so are the orphans, the
foolish, the passionate, hence the name vagabond. The bhikkhu arrived
with a sluggish demeanor like an orphan.
[245] the word hear
criticizing other peoples is such a coward, saying that those other
peoples are facilitators. Some are teachers, some are superintendents.
Some teachers, some friends, some people who have seen each other.
Someone you\'ve been in a relationship with Someone who is a friend
would warn that Senior Look, your fortune is not good. This is what the
Great Teacher saw like this. ordained in the discipline of the Master as
well The group of noble monks have seen it like this. Tell them to
return the Buddha, the Dharma and the Sangha. brought for laymanship
because of bad nature Are you the one who has no faith, some hiri, some
ottappa, some persistence, some wisdom, some wholesome qualities? The
bhikkhu has heard, heard, determined, examined, and examined the words,
words, expressions, and teachings of the preceptor, etc. Chom is a
person who is shy. Is shy and shy. embarrassed, embarrassed. The word
such person is a monk who has turned the wrong would be like that being
the same person, being the one who lives like that being a person who
has such being of that kind, therefore being known to hear the scolding
of other peoples and being embarrassed. Be that person. because of that
The Blessed One said, \"That monk, with his sluggish mind, like an
orphan, had heard the scolding voices of other peoples. would be shy Be
that person.
[246] After that, the bhikkhu was admonished by other
peoples. would do the sacrament Knowing and telling lies as a binder A
thousand monks, that monk sank into

Being a liar.
[247] In that order, the bhikkhu was admonished by other
peoples. It means that the word atth is a constituent chapter, an
obstacle, a hindrance, a concluding term, a consonant. in order of
chapters. The word satra consists of three kinds of swords, namely, one
physical instrument, one verbal instrument, one mental instrument, three
kinds of bodily, four corrupt words. It is a verbal tool, 3 dishonest
thought is a mental tool. The word being admonished by other peoples is
that monks, some supervising, some master, some superintendent. Some
teachers, some friends, some people who have seen each other. Some of
those who were in a relationship, and some who are friends, and warned,
and knowingly told lies, that is, I said, but Mr. Progress I am pleased
very much in the ordination But I have to raise my mother, so I have to
leave the family. I have to raise my father. I have to raise my brothers
and sisters. have to take care of sisters need to raise a child have to
raise a daughter need to raise friends have to feed their relatives need
to raise relatives have to feed people Therefore, it is necessary to
leave the descent as follows. verbal teachings to arise, to arise, to
arise, to be born, to be born, hence the name that bhikkhu has been
warned by other people\'s words You can do the science.
[248] The word
lying and knowing which binds a bhikkhu, saying that falsehood and
knowledge are The binding is not always a great forest, a great forest,
a great wilderness. very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very worrying, concern for the monks, so it is called speaking. Knowing
and lying is a binding tool. That thousand monks.
[249] The word
bhikkhu is a liar. Lies are called Being a liar. Some people in this
world are in the council or in the congregation. in the midst of
relatives, in the midst of associations, in the middle of the royal
family, was asked as a witness: Come, glorious man What do you know? So
tell that. That person, when he doesn\'t know, says he knows; when he
knows, he says he doesn\'t; when he doesn\'t see, he says he sees. When
he saw it, he said he didn\'t see it, some of them lied and knew some
because of his own reasons. because of other people\'s reasons for the
sake of Amis a little In this way, this is called being a liar. One is a
liar snatching 3 symptoms, that is, in the beginning, that person have
knowledge that we will lie when others while speaking, I know that I am
lying; when I speak, I know that we have lied Misawadhaya meditates with
these three symptoms. In addition, musawadha msa. 4 is maligned, 5 is
maligned, 6 is maligned. with 7 symptoms, with 8 symptoms, that is, in
the beginning, the person had the knowledge that We will lie when we
speak and know that we are lying. When we speak, we will lie and hide
our views, decency, preferences, and interests. The truth, lies, is
manifested by these eight symptoms. Go Scooge Being a liar is therefore
called a liar. because of that Then the Blessed One said, \"At that
point, that monk, having been admonished by his name and admonished,
made the sacrament.

Knowing and telling lies as a binder The monks, the monks, sat down. to
being a liar.
[250] A monk is famous. as a graduate who prays for
behavior alone Even after being incorporated into the Gemini Dharma, one
will become sorrowful, like a fool.
[251] The word bhikkhu is a good
place. It is said that as a graduate, there are certain forms of monks
in this Dharma and Discipline. being a people Many praised him for being
a sage, a wise man, a wise man, a scholar, having beautiful speech, good
wit, remembering some sutras. He remembered some disciplines. being a
Dharma Katuek, etc. In the past, Yana promised herself some things in
the past. When he was a recluse as a congregation, he knew this
well-known sign, hence the name of a bhikkhu. as a graduate.
[252] The
word \"pray for conduct alone\" means \"pray for conduct.\" Alone for
two reasons, namely, by ancestry 1 by communion with group how? The
bhikkhus are concerned about all lay people, etc., praying for one\'s
conduct alone with this ordination. Praying for one\'s conduct How is
the communion? That monk is ordained as a solitary person, addicted to
forests, groves and dense forests. Solitary, etc., praying for one\'s
conduct alone by leaving the group like this, so it is called praying
one\'s conduct.
[253] The word, even after being incorporated into
Gemini Dharma, is said to be Gemini Dharma, i.e. the Dharma of the
wicked, etc. Therefore, it is called Gemini Dhamma. The word Mother.
later incorporated in the Gemini Dharma, that is, later on, the monks
said that they had returned the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha, and the
Sikkha, as a householder, assembled them all around, filled with
generosity. Oh, well composed in Gemini Dharma, hence its name even
after being incorporated in Gemini Dharma. Concerning punishment 254 The
word will be miserable like a fool, therefore, that person will be in
trouble. So sad and tainted, like a helpless man, like a enchanted man.
kill some animals some theft cut some connectors Plundered without a
remainder Rob a single house trap in the way Some are separated and
associate with other people\'s wives. Some will find it difficult to be
so sad and gloomy. The King ordered that person to be arrested and
performed various deeds 1- namely, some whipping with some canes, and
some hitting with a staff. Have your hands cut off. cut the tape Cut
your hands and litter. Cut off some ears, cut off some noses, cut off
some ears and noses. Put some red iron blocks on your head. Peel off the
scalp and scrub. to be white like a conch Put a flaming fire into his
mouth until his mouth was full of blood like a manta. Wrap yourself in
an oil-soaked cloth and burn it in half, wrap your hands with a cloth
like The fire burns like a lamp or a scalp. From the neck down to the
ankles stepped on the skin until it fell down the skin of the barn from
the neck down to the waist.

To be like a garment, some robes, put iron sheaths on all elbows and
knees, and insert five-way iron rods, set them up for fire, and hook
them up to the flesh. Some tendons came out, took them well, sheared the
flesh into loud glasses. Some of the coins slashed the skin and tendons,
leaving only the bones; some pierced the iron rods in the ear sockets
until they reached each other, inserted them into the ground, and
grabbed their legs and turned them around the house. smashed to the bone
Then peel off the skin. Only a pile of meat remains like a leaf,
watering the body with boiling oil, letting the dog bite and eat until
only \@1. The following are the 32 labourers, but can be counted. only
26 bones Lay, laying on his back, laying his head down, some with a
sword, it would be difficult for that person to be sad, dull, even like
this. On the other hand, that person Possessed by lustful lust, the mind
of lustful desire is fixed, when seeking wealth leads to supreme
solitude. by boat through the winter The people were touched by
mosquitoes, heat stroke, and swarming beasts encroached upon them.
Hunger and thirst encroached on them; they went to control the state,
they took the gold state, they took the farms, they went to the state of
state, they died. Pararat to Wesungkarat To Verapat To Chawarat To
Kamalirat To Wangkarat To Elawattanarat To Suwannakutarat to Suwannaphum
Rat Go to Tambapannirat, go to Suppararat, go to Parukrat, go to Surat,
go to Angkanarat, go to Ganganagara, go to Paramakan State, go to throw
the state for years. State to Allasantarath Go to Marukanta State 1- A
trip that requires a knee, a trip that requires a traveling goat, a trip
that must be accompanied by a traveling sheep. hung with ropes and
descents that had to be jumped down with umbrellas and then walked on
the journey that had to be with bamboo shoots travel by bird travel by
rat Traveling through mountain ridges, traveling along streams that have
to climb along the lines. Wai2-It will be difficult to become sad and
dull even like this. Seeking does not succumb to suffering and sorrow.
Tarnished even like this. when seeking When he got it, he was sorrowful
and sorrowful, even though he was treated as a base. Worrying about what
scheme the king will not take our wealth, the robbers will not lose it,
the fire will not burn, the water will not blow away. The evil heirs
will not carry them. When maintaining such a regime Wealth will be
destroyed. That person suffers and sorrows, even with the dissolution of
his wealth, his affliction, his tragedy, even this blemish, therefore it
is called the Chakra. tarnished like a fool, therefore. The Blessed One
said, The monks were famous. as being a graduate who prays for one\'s
behavior even after engaging in Gemini Dharma will become miserable like
a fool, therefore. In other secular beings, but as a monk before in this
Dharma and Discipline, one should be a stable one. should not consume
Gemini Dharma @ 1. A total of 24 states according to the commentary 2.
Ten difficult paths. in other secularism, but the former clergy

This Dharma-discipline means that the word is muni, knowing, knowing,
comparing, considering, making it clear, making it known that wealth and
misfortune are honor and honor. Rati in the past was, in the past, a
clergyman, becoming disgraceful and disgraceful. The rati of the monk
who told him was the Buddha. The Dharma of the Sangha later became a
layman. The word Muni means Wisdom is called Mona, which includes
wisdom, general knowledge, etc., advancing the Dharma as a companion and
passion. Just as being in existence and being worshiped by gods and
humans, then that person is called a Muni. The word in this Dharma and
Discipline is: Enjoying in the realm, in the Dharma, in the Discipline,
in the Dharma and Discipline, in the speech, in the celibacy, in the
being, in the being, in this world of mankind, therefore it is called
the word. Muni knows the penalty in other secularism, but as a monk
before this Dharma and Discipline. behavior to be stable alone for two
reasons, namely, by ancestry 1, by compromising with group How to take
part in ordination? Muni cuts worries in all secular cut off worries
about children and wives worry about relatives cut off concern for
friends and family Worried about his wealth, he put his hair and
mustache into a shawl. ordained as a monk and gain access to being a
carefree person To conduct is to live, to change, to behave, to behave,
to behave, to behave, to be a muni, to behave in a good way. to be
steadfast with this ordination. Clean with pigs, what? That Muni, having
been ordained, should become a monk. Worshiping is a grove and a grove.
quiet, with little sound, without rumblings. Without people passing by,
it is the secret of human karma. worthy of that Vivek Muni should walk
Remain standing sitting alone, lying alone go into the house for One
alms round, one back, sits in a secret place alone, prays to the lone
lord Peng, the one who behaves, that is, to live, change his posture,
behave, and maintain his status is possible Muni would do to maintain a
stable single-person behavior by refraining from Clean with this group.
Muni should make one\'s conduct permanently stable. have stable
reconciliation Reconciliation is established in the wholesome dharmas,
therefore it is called one\'s conduct to be steadfast. Jamethan Dharma
is the dharma of for this reason it is called Gethnu. Dharma do not
consume, do not take drugs, do not share One should not consume only
Gemini Dhamma, therefore it is called not to consume Gemini Dhamma.
because of that The Blessed One said, Muni knew the punishment in other
secularism, but the former clergy

This Dharma and Discipline should be done with the conduct of a good
person. to be stable, not to use Gemini Dharma.
[259] One should study
the solitude there Because seclusion is the supreme activity of the
noble ones. A person should not consider that I am a noble one by
conducting solitude, that person practices near nirvana. There is a
saying that Viveka means three kinds of Viveka, namely, Apudhi Viveka,
One Mind Viveka, One Upadhi Viveka, and so on. This is called Apu
Dhiviveka. to the person who has already escaped Great rejoicing in
Nekkhamma mental solitude is available to a person. one who has a pure
mind To a person who has a very pure mind, there is a person who has
lost his belongings to nirvana, which is vassal. The word \"education\"
consists of the three precepts, i.e., upholding the precepts, the
precepts 1, adhicitta- \*sikkha- 1, adhipanya sikkha, etc. This is
called Adhapiyasikkha. The word person One should study the seclusion,
that is, one should study, one should behave generously. behave well to
behave in seclusion That\'s why it\'s called Vaj. A person should study
the seclusion there.
[261] The word idle behavior It is the highest
duty of all noble ones. It is said that the Buddha, the disciple of the
Buddha, the Pacceka Buddha, called all the noble ones. misbehave It is
an excellent, noble, wonderful, supreme, supreme act of the noble ones,
hence its name. that the seclusion is the highest of the noble gods.

[262] The word person is not important that We are noble by seclusion.
It means that no one should reincarnate. Do not exalt yourself Not to be
arrogant, not to be arrogant. non-causative agent to make a commitment
with that secluded behavior One should not be arrogant, arrogant,
arrogant, and arrogant. Therefore, it is said that a person should not
be regarded as a noble one through that seclusion.
[263] The word that
one practices near nirvana means that one practices near, near, near,
not far, far away, in a place close to nirvana, hence the name That
person practices near nirvana. Therefore, the Blessed One said that one
should study the solitude there. for the conduct of seclusion is the
supreme activity of the noble ones. It is not important for a person to
think that I am a noble one by virtue of that seclusion, that person
practices near nirvana. all love to muni who behaves idle

mourn for all sensual pleasures, the deceased is voided A person who is
free from corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt mentality, lust, anger,
hatred, anger, anger, negligence, stigmatization, envy, stinginess,
deceit. Relentlessness, good competition, pride, disrespect,
drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all dishonesty, all anxiety.
all the rage all trouble All auspiciousness. The word Muni is said to
have wisdom called Mona, which includes wisdom, universal knowledge,
etc., advancing the Dharma as a tool, and craving only as follows. He
lives and is the one who is worshiped by gods and humans. After that,
that person is called Muni. The word performer is a person who travels,
stays, changes his posture, conducts, maintains, maintains his status,
therefore he is called Vaj. To Muni who behaves vacantly.
[266] The
word no desire for sensual pleasures, kama, which is two kinds of
sensual pleasures, in which the subject matter is the lustful object,
the lustful lust, etc., is called the object. Etc., this is called the
elskam muni defining knowledge. The refraining of sensual objects
alleviates the cessation of all defilements, that is, renunciation,
vomiting, renunciation, renunciation of sensual pleasures. giving up,
giving up, giving up, giving up, renounced, lusts are gone, quenched,
quenched, cooled, ready only for happiness, he is the noble one.
Therefore, it is said that there is no shame. In all erotica.
[267]
The word \"paja\" is the name of the beings who rejoice in sensual
pleasures \... who have crossed over the void. . A group of beasts who
crave, desire, delight, be enamored, enthralled, involved in sensual
pleasures. Those beings are eager, willing, longing, loving, pleasing to
the Muni, who crosses, goes up, goes beyond, goes beyond. The circle has
passed, has passed, the whole path of kamma-oga, bhava-oga, ditthi-oga,
avijja-oga, and the path of compassion. who has reached the shore to the
end to the end to the end to the end to the end of the lap to the end of
the lap To the end, to the end, to the end, to the resistance, to the
resistance, to the end to a refuge, to a refuge, and to a safe haven.
There is a disaster and it goes to no other movement. to the point where
it is not moving Just as those who have gone to immortality, to
immortality, and to nirvana, to nirvana As one does not desire to love a
person who is healed, just as those who are trapped in prisons desire
love for liberation from prison, those who are slaves. Just as those who
travel in the wilderness Just as a group of beasts desires, desires,
delights, enthralls, engages, engages in all sensual pleasures. A group
of beings craves, rejoices, desires, loves, is pleased with the muni who
crosses, surpasses, surpasses, advances. Thus, so too has kamaโอa,
bhavaa, etc., to nirvana, to nirvana. Therefore it is called a group of
beings who rejoice in sensual pleasures, who love each other ... who
have crossed over the void. because of that The Blessed One said, A
group of beings who rejoice in sensual pleasures are affectionate
towards the muni who behave in idle manner.

mourn in all sensual pleasures, the one who is ignorant has attained as
follows 8
[268] The ascetics and brahmins only say that purification
in this dharma does not speak of the supreme purity of these dharmas. By
what he said, it was beautiful because of his view. Many ascetics and
brahmins are steadfast in a particular truth. Concerning Purity
[269]
The words of all ascetics and brahmins say that purity exists only in
this Dharma. As the ascetics and brahmins say, say, speak, express,
declare the purity, excellence, excellence, liberation, excellence,
liberation, in this Dharma. that is, to say, to say, to speak, to
express, to make a statement that is pure excellence, excellence,
liberation, liberation, liberation, escaping, that the world is eternal,
this thing is true, the other thing is empty, it says, speaks, shows,
declares which Purity excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation,
liberation, liberation, that the world is not equal, only this is true.
Nothing else, the fourth world, the world is not, that is the end of
life, that body is the other life. other anatomy The beings that are
before but are dead are not the other beings, but the beings that are
before but are dead are not the animals before but are dead. And it is
again, it is, it is not, and there is another being, but it is dead, it
is not the other. I can\'t find it anymore. Only this is true Other
things are empty, therefore they are called samanas and brahmins, saying
that only purification in this Dharma. It is said that the supreme
purity of the other dharmas means that all contemporaries and brahmins
are humble. Abandoning all other discourses except the Master of Dharma,
which the Prophet uttered his own way of teaching, saying, speaking,
showing, declaring in such a way that the Prophet was not omniscience
The Dharma is not right as the Prophet has said. The Sangha is not a
clergyman who practices well. The observance is not a good practice by
the Prophet. The path is not perfect, leading out of suffering, there is
no purification, excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, or
cessation. not exhaustive Not Exceeding, Not Exceeding, Not Exceeding,
Not Exceeding, or Not Exceeding. Because of all these dharmas, that is,
they are wicked, vile, inferior, filthy, filthy, and inferior,
therefore, they are said to be unspeakable among other dharmas.
[271]
What does the word depend on? Saying that is beautiful because of one\'s
viewpoint means dependent on anything, that is, well dependent,
entangled, approached, enthralled, sympathetic to what is the Master,
the Dharma that the Prophet Yao, the Sangha group, what is the path? The
word because of one\'s viewpoint is

because of one\'s views, decency, preferences, doctrines. The word to
say that is beautiful, that is, to say it is good, to say it is a sage.
said to be a philosopher said to be intellect to say that it is cause;
to say that it is to say that it is to say that hence the name Vac based
on what Saying that is beautiful because of one\'s views.
[272] The
word many samanas and brahmins who is firm in a particular truth; there
are many ascetics and brahmins, settled, settled, entangled,
approachable, enamored, sympathetic to go into a particular truth, many,
that is, settled, settled, entangled, approached, enthralled,
sympathetic to the world Only this thing is true, nothing else is
entrenched, only entangled, enthralled, enthralled. Convinced that the
world is not equal Etc., the beings that are before, but are dead,
cannot live again, they do not go unnoticed. Only this is true. Other
things are empty. Therefore, they are called many samanas and brahmins.
being a firm believer in a particular truth. The Blessed One said, The
ascetics and brahmins say that purification exists only in this dharma,
not supreme purity in other dharmas. relying on what Saying that is
beautiful because of one\'s view many monks and brahmins who is firm in
a particular truth.
[273] Those monks and brahmins, who say their
words, enter the company as rivals. Let\'s focus on each other. Those
foolish ascetics and brahmins rely on other things. would say objection
to each other Praise says that one is wise.
[274] Those brahmins who
uttered the words entered the soap. The company has Those contemplatives
and brahmins, who wants the word, those brahmins, who wants the word,
wants the word, wants the word. Ta travels in search of words. The word
to enter the company is to enter, to sit down, to approach the throne of
the Brahmin company, the householder company of the congregation
company, hence the name Samanapra. Those idiots, who said their words,
entered the company.
[275] The word \"adversary\" means \"adversary\"
and \"foolish\" means \"adversary\", that is, two sides. y is the cause
of quarrel between two parties Confidence on both sides, causing a
scandal on both sides. cause a quarrel between both sides Both sides
debated each other, spoke to each other, both sides grew up on both
sides. those brahmins They focus on each other, that is, look, see,
look, look, look, consider, see each other as rascals, wicked, wicked.
He\'s a bastard, he\'s an obscene person. Dirty people are inferiors,
hence the name. as a rival They tend to look at each other as bullies.

[276] The words of those brahmins and contemporaries are based on
other things and are contradicting each other.

It is said that those contemplatives and brahmins relied on, lived well,
were entangled, had access, were attracted to other things, namely the
Prophet, the Dharma spoken by the Prophet, the Sangha, the Ditthi.
Disputes, quarrels, strife, quarrels, and malice are called objections.
On the other hand, a word that is not soft is called a contradiction.
Those contemplative brahmins say, that is, to speak, to express, to
declare, in which words oppose quarrels and quarrels. Separate words
quarrels, malicious words Therefore, those brahmins and ascetics are
called upon by other things and then rebuked their objection.
[277]
the word glorified to say that one is wise; one who seeks praise, that
is, one who seeks praise want praise, want praise, want praise Travel to
seek praise. To say one is wise is to say one is wise. say that he is a
graduate say that he is a wise man say one\'s intellect, say one\'s
reason, say one\'s eloquence say that he is a lord by his own doctrine,
hence the name is said to be praiseworthy he is wise because of that The
Blessed One said, Those contemplative brahmins, who uttered their words,
entered the company as rivals, contemplating each other and saying they
were bullies. those brahmins relying on other things would say objection
to each other Praise said He is a smart person.
[278] People who
practice words in the midst of the company When you want praise He is
hesitant, and he is shy when his words are against him. fall down
because of blasphemy is a person who seeks a way to make excuses. The
word in the midst of the company is that the entrepreneurs are assembled
all over, assembled generously, well assembled, ready in their own
words, to say that middle sneeze The Brahmin company, the householder
company, the clergyman company, hence the name. People entrepreneurs
speak in the midst of the company.
[280] The word when you want praise
It means that when you want it, praise is when you want it, it is glad,
it is pleased, it is pleasing, it is love; praise is admiration, dignity
and esteem to be the result Hesitant is first, but the response is The
one who has doubts is hesitant, but first responds is the suspicion.
Make a commitment like this that we will always win. Or will we be
defeated, how will we subdue him? our work How to raise How will our
cult make it special, how will it make our cult special, how will it
bind them? How to make relief How will you cut around his words? How
shall we rebuke him?

Therefore, it is said that when acquiring praise is hesitating.
[281]
The word is arrogant. embarrassed when his words were rejected by him,
saying that The people who consider the problem are compassionate. to
fall objection, to fall objection, to fall objection The words you said
do not contain the meaning. would object by a consonant The words you
said do not contain consonants. would object to the meaning and
consonants that the words you said It does not contain both meaning and
consonant, objection that your body is not well drawn. raised badly Why
do you not do good words? Why do you not do wonderful words? Why do you
not do wonderful words? You don\'t make a commitment to others. You
don\'t do well. You don\'t cut around the arguments of others. rebuke
others. You do bad things. You speak evil, speak evil, negotiate evil,
speak evil, speak evil. The word is a master. Akheni, when one\'s words
are rejected by him, when one\'s words are rejected by them would be shy
is embarrassed, troubled when his own words are lost by him.
[282] A
word that is offended by critics is a person who seeks a way to make
amends. It means that because of reproach is because of gossip, no
commendation, not glorifying you. The word \"offensive\" is resentment
Pleased to appear, therefore it is called offended by critics. The word
is seeker. Find a way to make an excuse, that is, a person who seeks an
excuse. Seeking mistakes, mistakes, mistakes, negligence, and channels,
hence the name. offended by the great reproach He is a person who seeks
a way to make amends. because of that The Blessed One said, People who
practice words in the midst of the company, when they want to be
praised, are hesitant, they are shy when they speak. His words were
opposed by him. fall down because blame is a channel seeker.
[283]
People who consider problems The people\'s words were bad. objected to
fall That person had other words. After he had passed away, he was
sorrowful and sighed that he had overstepped us.
[284] The word that
people\'s speech is bad means that the person who considers the problem
speaks, speaks, speaks, makes a statement. of that people is so
depraved, corrupted, corrupted, imperfect, therefore Therefore it is
called that the people\'s words are bad.
[285] The word people who
consider problems would object to fall, that is, to oppose on the basis
that the words you said does not contain the meaning would object by a
consonant The words you said do not contain consonants.

objected by the meaning and consonants that the words he said did not
consist of both the meaning and the consonants; if your consonant is
raised poorly, and your consonant is not lifted badly, tormenting
others, you do not act uplifting Dhathi, why do you not despise the
wonderful speech, you do not commit the It\'s only wonderful, why are
you not good? Commitment to others you do not The liberation does not do
well, the disobedience, the words of others, you do not. To rebuke
others does not do good. You speak evil, speak evil, negotiate evil,
speak evil speech. Therefore, it is called the people who consider the
problem \... object to fall.
[286] The word is distorted, mournful,
sorrowful; sorrowful; arrogant, arrogant. until delusional delusional
delusional delusion the presence of delusions see like this other events
We have contemplated. We have many people, many companies, many
followers. Well, this company is a group, but not in harmony.
Negotiations must be for readiness. We will destroy him again, hence the
name. I\'m sad, I\'m sad, I\'m sad, I\'m sad, I\'m sad To the passion
that he triumphed, we defeated, he gained wealth, we deteriorated; he
was honored, we disgraced; he was glorified. We have gossip, they are
happy, we are sad, they are worshiped, respected, revered, revered,
revered, alms, sanasana, and clinics - Worshiping, revering, reverence,
reverence, no robes, alms, sana, and kilanna and medicinal necessities.
Therefore, it is called sorrowful and sad. Well, there was a distorted
speech, there was a distorted speech, there was a distorted speech
surrounding him, There is no perfect speech Therefore, it is said that
the person who has a speech that has become sorrowful and sorrowful.

[287] The word sighs He had passed us by saying, sighing, He
trespassed therefore bypassing what he spoke with his words Therefore it
is called that he has passed away, even in this way. another I sighed
that He oppresses and oppresses me, and then acts, changes his posture,
turns, maintains, maintains his status, hence the name. He has bypassed
us even in this way. the presence of delusions It is called sighing,
therefore it is called sighing. He overtook us . Because of that The
Blessed One said, The people who considered the problem said their
speech was bad. objected to fall into the collision His speech had
faded, mourned, sorrowful, and sighed that he had passed on me.
[288]
These quarrels have arisen among the recluses. Joy and mourning are
there because of these quarrels. should refrain from opposing each other
because of other benefits from obtaining Praise is none.

on the penalty of quarrels
[289] these quarrels Born among the
recluses, there is a saying that the recluses are certain peoples who
are enlightened speakers outside this religion. Conflict because of the
view Disturbances because of views, quarrels because of views,
calamities due to views, which are born together, arise, arise only,
appear among the recluses, hence the name. from these quarrels was born
in the recluses.
[290] The words gladness and ill-will There is in
such quarrels, there is victory and defeat. Fortune and Desolation Rank
and Disgrace, Gossip and Praise, Joy and Sorrow, Joy and Sadness,
Itthamon and Anitthamon. transparency and impact gladness and joy Joy
and sorrow are the mind that rejoices because of victory; the mind
despairs because of defeat. The mind rejoices because of good fortune.
The mind is evil because of the deterioration. The mind rejoices because
of the rank. The mind is enraged because of disgrace. The mind rejoices
because of praise. The mind is evil because of gossip. The mind rejoices
because of happiness, the mind rejoices because of suffering, the mind
rejoices because of ginseng. The mind is evil because of sorrow, the
mind is pleased. because of the boom The mind suffers from sorrow,
therefore it is called ecstasy and ill-will. Yes, because of those
quarrels.
[291] The word that a person has seen this punishment should
refrain from objection. It is said that the punishment has been seen, to
be seen, to meet, to compare, to consider, to clarify. make it a notice
of that penalty because of quarrels because of views The meaning is
certain because of the view. divisiveness because of view quarrels
because of diligence The intention of killing each other is because of
view, therefore it is called seeing the blame. Then. The word to refrain
from scrutiny is a quarrel with a strong meaning; quarrel, quarrel,
malice is called Against one another, a word that is not so soft is
called objection. .People should not object to each other, that is, they
should not quarrel. Conflicts, quarrels, quarrels and stubbornness
should be alleviated and put to an end, leading to the later absence.
which quarrel Confidence divisiveness quarrels should be the one who
abstains and renounces get out of the quarrel Confidence, strife,
quarrel and malice should be one who has a mind to act. to be free from
the realm of defilements. Therefore, it is called that one has seen this
punishment. Please refrain from objecting.
[292] The saying, because
there is no other benefit from being praised, means that no other
benefit from receiving praise is one\'s own benefit. benefit The other
two benefits are beneficial in this life. The next life benefit, shallow
benefit, deep benefit, mystical benefit, hidden benefit. The benefit
that should be taken This benefit has already been taken, the benefit is
not punishable, the benefit is not without any benefit. pure and
beneficial Yang Ying would not be able to does not appear, does not
enter

therefore Therefore, it is named because of the benefit of Sean. There
is no such thing as getting praise. The Blessed One said, these quarrels
was born in the monks pleasure and There is evil in these quarrels. One
who has seen such a penalty should refrain from opposing one another
because of other benefits from obtaining it. Praise be, none.
[293] Or
is it that a person making a speech in the midst of a company? would be
praised Because of that view, that person laughs and is arrogant.
benefit in that victory because of that person Attain that benefit,
become a person who is satisfied.
[294] Whether or not \... is praised
because of that view, it means that because of that view is a person who
is a man. f Many people praise, commend, and describe you because of
their views, their decency, and therefore they are called, or are they
... they are praised for their views.
[295] The word speech in the
midst of a company means saying, telling, speaking, declaring, showing,
prospering, stating, stipulating one\'s own words and sayings. In the
midst of the company, the Brahmin company, the householder of the
company, the congregation, hence the name said the word in the midst of
the company.
[296] The word a person laughs. and prospering with the
benefit of that victory, that person is joyful, laughing, merry,
contented, full of benefits in that victory. On the other hand, the
person laughs until he sees his teeth, hence it is called a person. That
would laugh. The word and flourishing with the benefit of winning is
that the person is thriving, that is, exalted like a triumphant flag.
the rise of one\'s own mind, being raised as a flag, for the benefit of
that victory Therefore, it is called that person who laughs and is
prosperous. with the benefit of that victory.
[297] The word because
that person Having attained that benefit is one who attains, that is,
that only that benefit has been experienced. The word \"considerable\"
means \"considerable intent\", \"considerable\" as the spirit, therefore
it is said to be attainable. because of that Then the Blessed One said,
or is it that a person speaks a word in the midst of a company? would be
praised Because of that view, that person laughs and is arrogant.
benefit in that victory because of that person Attain that benefit,
become a person who is satisfied.
[298] prosperity is the trampling
ground of that person. That person would say arrogance. and disdain Even
if a person sees the punishment, one should not quarrel, a wise person.

would not say purely because of that quarrel.
[299] The word
prosperity is the stagnation of a person means that prosperity is.
Elegance is like a flag of honour. Depends on what the mind is raised by
the top flag, that prosperity. It\'s a crumpled floor, that is, a
cut-out floor. It is the oppressive ground, the oppressing ground, the
dangerous ground, the obstacle of that person. Therefore, it is called
prosperity, the crumpled ground of that person. 300] The word a person
speaks arrogance and contempt, that person is speaks arrogance and
insults, hence the name that person speaks Contempt and contempt.

[301] The word sees the punishment even so. should not quarrel,
meaning seeing, meeting, comparing, considering make it clear made it
known that the penalty because of quarrel together because of the view
The meaning is certain because of the view. divisiveness because of view
quarrel because view Therefore, it is called seeing the penalty even
then. The word should not be. quarrel means not to quarrel that is, to
alleviate and put an end to the later absence of quarrels Conflict,
quarrel, and estrangement are meant for each other. should be the one
who abstains, abstains, departs, renounces, liberates, separates from
quarrels. The meaning of each other, the estrangement, the quarrel and
the will be a person with a sense of humor made it free from the realm
of passion Therefore, it is said that if you see a penalty, you
shouldn\'t quarrel.
[302] It is called wise. In words, the wise man
does not speak purely because of quarrels; he is wise in the ranks, wise
in the elements, wise in the senses, wise. Wise in mindfulness, wise in
meditation wise in power Wise in the organics, wise in strength, wise in
enlightenment, wise in path, wise in fruit, wise in nirvana. does not
state the purity excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation,
extraordinary liberation, liberation due to quarrels because of views.
Confidence because of the view, the difference between the view quarrels
because of diligence volatility because of views, therefore the name Vac
The wise man does not speak purely because of that quarrel. Therefore,
the Blessed One said that prosperity is the stagnation of that person.
That person would say arrogance. and disdain Even if one sees the blame,
one should not quarrel, a wise man does not speak purely because of that
quarrel.
[303] A brave person whom the King has fed with such good
things. Fierce desires for people Courage to be the enemy Like a brave
man who is an enemy, Ditthi will find you.

Look like this, look at the sura, where do you go? from there All of the
Tathagata did not exist in the beginning to fight.
[304] The name of
the brave, in the word \"brave\", whom the King has fed with what should
be chewed, is a valiant man, persevering, persevering, unskilled.
Cowardly people are not afraid. People don\'t panic, people don\'t run
away. The word that the King has nourished with this should. means that
the student The King nourishes, fertilizes, nourishes and enhances with
things that should be chewed. with the King\'s edibles, hence the name A
brave man that the King has fed with things should be chewed.
[305]
The word anger longs for the brave as an enemy. Just as a brave person
is an enemy, so does a person who is brave, who is arrogant, who is
arrogant, who is arrogant, who is greedy. Willingness, desire, desire,
contentment, that the brave who is the enemy is the man who is the
antagonist. the enemy is the enemy An adversary warrior is able to find,
to reach, to the brave as an enemy. enemy Like a brave person who is an
enemy, so will you find your enemy. Where is Lord Ditthi, where are you
going? from then on Chao Ditthi is a god Wherever you go, keep walking.
Then that\'s because Chao Titi is a brave person who is an enemy. a man
who is hostile An enemy who is an enemy, an enemy warrior. to you,
therefore it is called, look, where is the valiant one, go and pay your
respects from there.
[307] Words All the defilements of the Tathagata
were not originally intended to combat any defilements that hindered.
enmity, enmity, hostility Those defilements do not exist, that is, they
do not exist, they do not appear, they do not enter, that is, the
Tathagata\'s sinful nature, abandoned, secluded, settled, causing it to
arise. climb It has been burned with fire, which is wisdom, initially,
at the base of the Bodhipruek. The word to fight is for the benefit of
fighting. to quarrel for the meaning for the sake of arrogance to
quarrel for the sake of evil, therefore it is called all defilements.
The Tathagata did not exist in the beginning to fight. because of that
The Blessed One said, Courageous people fed by the King should be
chewed. The fiery longing for people Courage to be the enemy As the
brave one finds the enemy, so does Ditthi finds Ditthi. Where is Lord
Ditthi? From there you go away, all the defilements of the Tathagata did
not exist in the beginning to fight.
[308] Those who hold their views
will quarrel with one another, and say, \'This is true, so you say to
these people. then because of the desires that interfere with each other
when the word Then it probably doesn\'t exist here. Concerning quarrels
because of views
[309] \"Those who hold views are quarrelsome,\" which
means

hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on to any one of the 62 views, then
quarrel Damn, you don\'t know this discipline, we know this discipline.
How do you know this discipline? you misbehave we do Our words are
helpful. Your words are useless. Words that should be said before He
said back later. Words that should be said after you hide It was said
before that your fluent words were interrupted, I have condemned you,
you have been defeated by us. you go on a journey or amend it to discard
the word. if you can Therefore, be called those who hold a view and will
quarrel with each other.
[310] The word and shall only say this. True
as follows, the charisma said would say, speak, show a statement that
the world Only this thing is true, anything else is empty, the world is
impermanent, etc. The beasts in front of them are dead. It cannot be
again, it cannot be again. Only this is true Other things are empty,
hence the name. said and said that only this was true as follows.

[311] The word you speak to them. because of the defilements that
hinder each other when Words are born, they can\'t. Here it means that
you speak to those people who dominate the view, that is, you. Do
torture with aggression, do karma in response with karma in return.
Doing strange karma with strange karma Doing strange karma by special
karma make a commitment make a relief with ease make a cut with a cut
reconcile with reconciliation; those are valiant men, enmity, enmity
men. an enemy who is an enemy a warrior who is against you Therefore, it
is your name to speak to them. The term because of desires that
interfere with each other when words have already been born does not
mean that when words have arisen, are born, are born, are born, have
arisen, defilements. What are the obstacles? prevent conflicts splinter
There should be quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, and evil
defilements, that is, they do not fade. Ready Not visible Not
inaccessible It is a sin that the Tathagata has cut off, calmed down,
and thus prevented it from happening. It was then burned with fire,
which is why it was said. with those people because of passion that
interfere with each other when Vadakedi and there is none here.
Therefore, the Blessed One said that those who hold their views will
quarrel with one another and say Vavaj, this, only this is true, so you
speak to those people because of the defilements that interfering with
each other when the speech has arisen Certainly not available here.

[312] Any arahants who have eliminated Sena Hit the ditthi with a
splendid view, go and see the death, you will be able to see what in
those arahat khinas who do not consider This is noble. On the devil Sena


[313] It should be explained in the word Any arahants Sena has been
eradicated \... Sena swept away like this. Sena is called Sena. Corrupt
body, corrupt speech, corrupt mentality, anger, hatred, anger, anger,
negligence, equality. Jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness,
stubbornness, good competition, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness,
recklessness, all desires. All rage, all anxiety, all rage. all trouble
All Akusala Bhisankharas are Mara Sena. It is as true as the Blessed One
said that defilements, I said, are your first sects, etc. (A brave
person when he wins, he is happy as follows. Whenever all the devils and
All the enmity that a person has won and is not defeated and destroyed,
eliminated, spoiled. After pouring water with the Four Noble Paths, then
that person is called the one who gets rid of the Sena. Which of these
are Phra Arhat Khina, the word Jomtheyi? to travel, to live, to change
posture Maintaining behavior leads to status quo, hence the name.
whether any arahants Get rid of the sena and go away.
[314] The word
that does not affect the view with the view means: Those are past
Severed and calmed and then prevented it should be burned. then with
fire is the spirit Those arahants did not affect them, not even on them.
Ron does not destroy views, therefore it is called not affecting views
with views.
[315] What do you get in those Arahants Kinasuras: Look,
Karapasura, the valiant man, magnanimous the enemy Who is the adversary
warrior, what will you gain in those arhats? Therefore, it is called
\"Dakara\", what will you gain in Those Arahant Khinas.
[316] The word
ignorant That this is noble means holding, clinging, affliction,
complacency. This is noble, excellence, great, wonderful, supreme
president. There is no bow, that is, does not appear, does not enter
into any of these arhat khinas are defilements. which those arhats and
khinas have abandoned and halted, and thus they should not be born
burned up With fire is wisdom, therefore it is called the ignorant. It
is considered that this is noble. Because of that The Blessed One said,
Any arahants Sena has been eliminated. without affecting the view what
in those arahat khinas who do not consider This is noble.
[317] You
have already thought of all views with your heart. He came to compete
with the Buddha. A wise man named Thanathan could not Immediate
imitation. on the wisdom of the Buddha


[318] The chapter Oh, in the word, you have thought \... has come, it
is a chapter, it is a related chapter. complete It is an alphabetical
meeting term. It is a word to make consonants to be refined. This
chapter is the order of the chapters. The word that you have thought ...
has come, is that you have thought, thought, that is, thinking, thinking
like this, whether we will win or not, or will we defeat us. with
Overwhelm him, how to do a cult How to honor our How to make our cult
wonderful? How will you make our cult special? How will you bond with
them? how to make liberation, how to make disobedience, how to speak How
will you rebuke him like this: He who has come, that is, has come, has
come, has come, has come, has come, has come, has come, has come, has
been with us. wa.
[319] Named jai, in the word mind thinks of all
views with the heart, meaning mind is mind, mind, manas, hatai, pandara,
mana, manaitana, manintree. The spirit, the aggregated spirit, the mind
of the spirit, the elements born of contact. and so on. You contemplate
all the views with the mind that the world is equal, some world is
impermanent, etc., the beings before but die. already It cannot be
again, it cannot be again, therefore it is called the word. Think of all
the views with your heart.
[320] Please be aware of the explanation in
the word He came to compete with a wise Buddha named Thona. You may not
be able to Thus, wisdom is called thona, namely knowledge, universal
knowledge, etc., non-delusion, discrimination, right view. Why is wisdom
called Thona? For wisdom is the purification of the corrupted body. etc.
another Samma-ditthi is a machine for removing, washing, cleansing, and
washing which is not mittthi, etc. Wash and clean which is not
liberated. On the other hand, the Noble Eightfold Path is A machine that
removes, washes, cleans, and launders all the unwholesome things. all
corrupt all the restlessness all the rage all trouble All
auspiciousness. The Blessed One has access to Get in ready, go in, get
in ready, and get in. ready and assembled Many of them are this
eliminator. because of that The Blessed One is called having wisdom as a
means of elimination. The Blessed One has eliminated lust, sin,
defilement, and lust, hence the name Wisdom is the ultimate tool. You
came to compete with a wise Buddha named Tona, you could not be matched
up. The sorcerer may not come to compete, that is, to come to hold a
mate. to discuss and interact with With the Blessed One who is the Lord
Buddha, whose name is Thona. For what reason? Because Pasura was a
wicked, wicked, lewd, filthy, inferior person. As for the Blessed One,
he was the supreme, sublime, wonderful, presiding officer. A sorcerer
cannot come to compete with a mate, that is, to come to hold a mate to
discuss and interact with the Blessed One, the wise Buddha named Thona
is like a rabbit who can\'t come to fight with a pair, that is, to come
to hold a pair with a big elephant mopping it. like an old fox unable to
come to compete, that is, to come to be paired with Siha who is a
majesty like a child

Young cows still drink milk. Cannot come to compete, that is, to come to
hold a pair with a very mighty big bull, like a crow, to not be able to
compete, that is, to come to hold a pair snatch the Garuda Wentai like
an outcast could not come to compete with the emperor And like the
devil, dust can\'t come to compete, that is, to come to hold with Indra
the king. So why is that? Because the demon has perished, has bad
intelligence, has poor intelligence, has poor intelligence, has dirty
wisdom, has low intelligence. because of the Lord The Blessed One was
very wise, possessing great wisdom. wise, joyful, wise and poor, wise,
sharp, high-intelligence, first-time passion A person who is wise in the
category of wisdom, possesses wisdom, has attained and attained the
sacrament. It has arrived that Vesarachayan 4 has become a valiant man.
a siha man, a naga man, a well-mannered man He was a man running errands
as usual. I can\'t find the best. can\'t have the greatest power having
the greatest rank, being wealthy, having a lot of wealth, having a
wealth of wisdom, being a leader, being a leader to lead others to know
the benefits for Paeng to see the benefit, let it go with Pasada. The
Blessed One that He is the one who gives the path that has not yet
arisen. ready to be born with a person who speaks the way that is not
yet Who said He knows the Path, He knows the Path? wise in the Way, so
now the Blessed One\'s disciples are those who follow the Path, who are
made up of silica. Later. That Blessed One knows the dharma that should
be known. He saw the dharma that should be seen. One who has the eye,
the insight, the Dharma as the Brahma, the one who speaks, the guide,
the bringer of meaning. is the one who gives the dharma It is the Dharma
husband, the Tathagata. The unknown, the unseen, the unknown. That which
is not made to be informed, that which is not right with wisdom, is
nonexistent to that Blessed One. All dharmas, including past, future,
and present, will come into the canal in the mukka, the knowledge of the
Blessed One. One who is enlightened by all symptoms. It\'s called the
benefit that should be given to every advice that one should know, the
benefit of the other, the benefits of both. benefit in this life The
next life benefit, shallow benefit, deep benefit, stealthy benefit,
concealed benefit. that should suggest benefits already recommended by
the graduate Non-Benefits unfair advantage All the benefits are worth
it. go inside the Buddha image It is according to the knowledge of the
Blessed One. Enlightened person. The insight of the Exalted One, the
Enlightened One, does not interfere with the past, the future, and the
present. only wisdom, no matter how much insight, only the dharma that
should be recommended Phra Yana has the final part of the Dharma chapter
that should be Introducing the dharma chapter that should be introduced
is the final part of the supreme knowledge. The path of the Dharma that
should be recommended is not beyond the enlightenment. all dharmas They
are located at the end of each other\'s surroundings. When the two
baking layers are tightly closed together, the bottom baking layer does
not exceed the top baking layer and the upper baking layer does not
exceed that level. Baking pan below the two baking layers Just as they
are situated in each other\'s surroundings, the Dharma is good to be
advised, the wisdom is good.

of the Blessed One the enlightened They are located in each other\'s
surroundings. As much as dharma teachings should be advised, only wisdom
is wisdom, and only dharma teachings should be advised, enlightenment.
There is a final part of the Dharma chapter that should be recommended.
The Dharma chapter that should be introduced is the ultimate part of the
Wisdom. Going beyond the Dharma chapter that should guide the way of the
Dharma chapter that should be recommended is not out of the knowledge.
those virtues so are ultimately located in each other\'s surroundings.
the enlightened It is possible in all dharmas. all dharmas, because of
the conscience, because of hope Due to Monski due to mental The Blessed
One, the Enlightened One, the Enlightened One, the Enlightened One It is
possible in all animals. The Blessed One knows the hospitableness, the
virtue of all beings, knows that those who are small in wisdom Nya
Chakku has passion There is a lot of dust in the eye of the eye. An old,
bland, well-formed, deformed person is easy to advise, difficult to
advise. is an animal It is an animal misfortune. The world with its
devas, worlds, devils, and beasts, together with its recluses, brahmins,
gods, and human beings. Go inside the Buddha image. Fish. and every kind
of Tao as well as assorted timi plati Mingala and assorted timi
tamingla, in the end Just as within the ocean, the world with its gods,
the Mara, the Brahma world, the world of beings with its ascetics and
brahmins, devas and humans. As the Buddha\'s disciple, all birds,
including the Garuda Ventai Khot, in the end, are in the air, the
Buddha\'s disciple, the Thera Sariputra. Thus, wisdom is in the country
of the Buddha\'s intellect. I\'m the king Brahmins, householders,
enlightened monks Wisdom knows the words of others, like a master shoots
the fur of a beast\'s tail. travel as if breaking the stereotype of a
person With their wisdom, those sages concocted their problems and went
to see the Tathagata and asked them questions. then which the Blessed
One has asked and answered It\'s a problem. Exit. Those graduates are
great. The Blessed One is truly splendid with wisdom there, therefore it
is called The dish came to compete with the wise Buddha. A grandmother
named Thanathan could not be able to match the answer. Because of that,
the Blessed One said: He had already thought of all the views with his
heart. He came to compete with the Buddha. A wise man named Thanathan
could not Immediate imitation. End of Pasurasuttanidthes the 8th.
---------------------- Makandhi Suttanitthes the ninth on Gemini Dharma

[321]
[The Blessed One The partaker said: \'Even if there is no
satisfaction in Gemini Dhamma, because I have seen Mrs. Tanha, Ms.
Oradhi, and Mrs. Kaka. Satisfaction in Gemini Dharma

Why would there be, seeing this body full of mollusks and greeks? we do
not wish would be correct even with the feet.
[322] The saying is that
there is no pleasure in Gemini Dharma, because of the sight of lustful
women, Oradi, and Radhi; there is no satisfaction, good desire, love is
good in Gemini Dharma. There is because of seeing, having experienced
mother daughters, namely, lustful, oradhi, and lustful. Therefore, it is
called that there is no satisfaction in Gemini Dharma, because of the
sight of craving, Oradi, and Radha.
[323] Why would there be
contentment in Gemini Dharma? And this Greek, we do not wish to be
correct even with gray. Satisfaction in Gemini Dharma Why would there be
because seeing this body? full of milk, full of greek with blood-filled
sputum It has bones as a skeleton and ligaments as a binder. with blood
and flesh covered with plaster, covered with skin, There are few
channels and large channels. flow in and out normally where the worms
live full of guilt We do not wish to step on our feet. Where does
cohabitation or association with the body exist? Therefore, it is called
contentment in Gemini Dhamma. full of milk and greek We do not wish to
be correct even with Tao . The Blessed One said, Even if there was no
satisfaction in Gemini Dharma, because she saw the lady of Tanha, the
lady of Oradi and the lady of Kaka. Satisfaction in Gemini Dharma, why
would one have to see the body? full of milk and greek, this tells us
not The desire is to be correct even with the feet
[.](มาคันทิยพราหมณทูลถามวา) much The elders had longed for each other. He
would say what is Ditthi, morality, life, and rebirth.
[325] (The
Blessed One said: See Makandiya) Concerning agreement in the Dharma All
of them are convinced that we say this, there is no such thing. We see
the punishment in all views that do not hold Once selected, it can
already be seen. which inner peace
[326] In the word I say this, there
is no such thing as I say. This said, said only that, said only by
reason, said this view, that the world is great, etc. The beasts before
but dies can never be again, can never be again. Jara, that is, does not
belong to me, therefore it is called... to us. The Blessed One called
the Brahman by a different name. Vamakandiya. The word supreme is a
symbol of respect, etc. This bhagava is a commandment truth, therefore
it is called the Blessed One. say See Kormakanthiya.

concerning Ditthi 62
[327] The word in all dharmas, in the word having
reached agreement in all dharmas, is believed to be in view 62. The word
refers to the Agreed means that the judgment has been decided, that is,
to decide, to seek, to seek, to compare, to inspect, to investigate, to
make it clear, and to seize it; hold on Gathering together is holding,
clinging, clinging, trusting, believing that This is indeed true, it is
as it is, it is not perverted, thus it does not appear, it cannot be
entered, that is, the Tathagata Dhamma, it is cut off. Calm, settled,
prevents it from happening, burnt, burnt down by fire is wisdom,
therefore it is called acquiring agreement in all dharmas.
[328] Word
Well, we see the blame in all views, do not hold on to the meaning that
we see the blame in views. They do not hold on to, do not hold on, do
not hold on to beliefs One more thing We do not hold, do not hold, do
not We hold firm even for this reason, therefore it is called that we
see the blame in view. So they were not convinced. We see blame in all
views that this view, that the world is eternal, this thing is true, the
other thing is null; It\'s a thorny view, it\'s an enemy, a struggle. It
is an observance of sorrow, suffering, hardship, and sorrow. There is
passion, not for boredom, not for dissatisfaction. not for cessation,
not for peace, not for knowledge. not for enlightenment It does not lead
to nirvana, so it does not hold it, does not care, does not care. to
hold on to all views Do not trust Even for this reason, therefore, it is
called that we see the blame in all views and do not hold on to it. On
the other hand, we see blame in all views that this view is that the
world is not the best of the world, the world has no place. That is
life, that body is that, life is another, that body is another being,
but it is dead, but it is dead. He is not another being, but is dead and
is, is not dead again, is another being. dead It cannot be again. Surely
it can\'t be again. Only this is true, anything else is vain, it is a
sway and thorn... it does not lead to enlightenment, it does not lead to
nirvana, therefore it does not. Touching, not clinging to all views.
another All views we do not respect. do not adhere Do not trust Even for
this reason, therefore, it is called that we see the blame in all views
and therefore do not take hold of it. We see the blame in all views that
these views One who holds this way, caresses like this, is one who has
such an attitude, has such a face as this, and therefore does not care.
Lam does not cling to any other views, views that we do not know. not to
be held accountable, not to be held accountable, even for certain
reasons Thus, it is called that we see the blame in all views and
therefore do not take it. We see the blame in all views that these views
is possible to occur in Hell is to be born in the birthplace. The beast
is the way to be born in the vision, so it is not considered.

Touching and not clinging to views. On the other hand, views we should
not hold back. do not adhere Do not trust Even for this reason,
therefore, it is called that we see the blame in all views and do not
hold on to it. On the other hand, we see the blame in all views that
these views are not equal. an improvement factor Marriage arises, there
is a natural extinction, there is corruption. is normal Usually, there
is an extinction. So they don\'t hold on, don\'t hold on, don\'t hold on
to it. Many of us do not respect Do not care do not adhere Even for this
reason, therefore, it is called that we see the blame in all views and
therefore do not take it.
[329] He has seen inner peace, which is
serenity, tranquility, cessation, suppression of lust, hatred, delusion,
anger, attachment, anger...all suffering. All kusalaphisankhara words
when I focus on that when I choose is to search, find, compare, inspect,
investigate, make it clear that All bodies are not equal. All dhammas
are suffering, all dhammas are selfless, etc. Any thing has normal birth
All things have a natural extinction. The word has seen means seen and
has experienced stabbing, therefore it is called when choosing. I saw
the inner peace. because of that The Blessed One said, (The Blessed One
said: See Makandiya) to reach agreement in the Dharma. Many believe that
I say this thus, there is none for me, so we see the fault of all views
and therefore do not hold on to others. Having chosen, he has seen inner
peace. You are a muni who does not hold on to those views. Say, what is
the meaning of inner peace, what is the meaning of the wise men
proclaimed?
[331] Whatever views have been decided, 62 views are
called views that have been decided. The word initiated is defined,
prepared, prepared, well established, therefore it is called initiated.
On the one hand, all views are not equal. which the factors which depend
on each other, are naturally extinct. There is a normal deterioration.
There is a natural dissipation, there is a natural cessation, there is a
natural variance, therefore, it is called \"Started\", therefore it is
called \"Those views that have decided Then. The chapter Iti, in the
concluding chapter, \"Iti Makhandiyo, as follows: it is the conjunction,
etc. This chapter is the order of the chapters.\" The word Makhandiyo is
a name, it is a counting device. is known as the calling of the
Brahmins, therefore Hence the name Itimakanthiyo.
[332] Those words of
supremacy in the word thou as a muni are not considered What do these
views say that inner peace is Ditthi? all around, etc. and lust is just
like that person

My name is Muni. We see the blame in all views, so we do not hold, do
not care, do not hold on to views and speak of inner peace. therefore,
he is a muni who does not hold those views What\'s the point? Inner
peace.
[333] How did the word kathun, in the word meaning, be
proclaimed? question It was a doubtful question. It\'s a two-way
question. Is it a question on the other hand? whether or not How are
you? What do you say, therefore the name However, the word \"thirachon\"
is a wise person who has knowledge. wise man Ya Jam Jaeng, the wise, is
a memory. Shallow, it has been proclaimed; therefore, it is called the
meaning. because of that The Blessed One said: (Makanthiya Brahman said)
those who have made up their minds, you are a muni. do not hold on to
those views What is the meaning of inner peace, what is the meaning, how
have the good people proclaimed it?
[34] (The Blessed One said: See
Kormakanthiya Brahman) Graduate did not mention. Purity even with a view
did not mention Purity, even by intellect, not uttering pureness, even
by virtue and asceticism, is the inner peace without view with no sutta,
with no insight, without morality Without asceticism there is no one who
has renounced those dharmas. not regarded as a person who is at peace,
does not dwell and does not expect the world. Purity is not even
mentioned. Suta did not say pureness. It means that the sage does not
speak, that is, does not say, does not speak, does not show, does not
state, which is purity, which is the perfection, the perfection, the
liberation, the magic, the emptiness. Round around, even with views ...
even with suta ... even with views and suta ... even with intellect,
therefore the sage does not speak. Purity, even with a view Saying
purity, even with suta, saying purity, even with wisdom. The Blessed One
called the Brahman by the name Makandiya. The word bhagava is spoken
with respect, etc. This Bhagava is Acts of law Therefore, it is called
the Blessed One. Ramakrishna said: Look at Makandiya.
[336] The word
sage does not speak of purity even through precepts and ceremonies; that
sage does not say, does not tell, that is, does not speak, does not
show, does not declare. which is excellence, excellence, excellence,
liberation, liberation, liberation, even by virtue ... even with
blessings ... even too.

Precepts and ceremonies are therefore called sages who do not speak of
purity even by virtues and ceremonies
[37]. a person who represents
inner peace with no view With ignorance, without wisdom, without
precepts, without blessings Hereinafter, even if a view desires ten
objects of right view, that is, the gift given is deceitful, and the
worship of the Lord has the effect of making sacrifices. The fruit of
good deeds and bad deeds, in this world, in this world, there are faces,
mothers are, fathers are there, all beings are supporters. Patika

[Putika] exists, samas and brahmins who walk right and practice right,
who enlighten this world and the next through great wisdom. and announce
exist in the world. But the person is Suttakayayayakarana kata,
exclamation, itivuttaka, jataka, upbhutta-dhamma, Vedalla.
Sajanulomikayan, Apinyayan, Sampattinyan Even if the observance of the
eightfold Arany Gangkhathod Pindapati Gangkthod Pansukulikhangthod
Tejewarikangkhadong Pilgrimage flute Nesachchigangkhadong Yathasant-
\*tikankkhadong. The word person stands for inner peace with no
compromise. Respect with ignorance with ignorance with ignorance to be
virtuous with no asceticism does not mean that a person has attained to
the inner peace through the dharma that no right view with the Dharma
that hearing is not obtained, by the Dharma, either by the Dharma, or by
virtue, not by virtue. There is no dharma that can not attain inner
peace except these dharmas. because these dharmas are the means of
support for Achieving right enlightens inner peace, hence the name
peace. Inside with no view, with no consciousness, without intuition
Without morality, without virtue, it is impossible.
[338] The word
that one has renounced those dharmas does not believe. Abandonment by
eliminating the Black Dharma with those virtues Need to wish. the
cessation of craving in all parts of the dharma the merit in the
tri-elements Need to wish. The black dharma is a dharma that can be
abandoned by a person by renunciation. having severed roots, thus making
it stand like a palm sapling, so that there is no aftertaste. There is
no birth up normally. and the cessation of lust in all dharmas, as for
the merits of the three elements, how can a person not hold back do not
hold on Confidence, even just for a reason. another The black dharma is
not regarded by a person. do not adhere Do not trust Even for this
reason, thus it is said that one who renounces those dharmas and does
not hold on to it. Desire, ditthi, and mana are the defilements that one
has attained. has a broken root Therefore, there is no location like Tan
Yod Duan. to the lack of it later. Why does a person not hold, do not
hold Even only by reason, even for this reason, therefore it is called
that one who renounces those virtues. Then do not believe.

Punya Phisangkha Ra Punya Phisangkha Ra Nejchaphisankhara is a condition
that a person has neglected. There is a broken root, why not burn it? At
the location of Tan Yod, it is imperative that later there is no
occurrence. As a result, a person does not hold, does not adhere, does
not believe, even just for a reason. Even for this reason, it is said
that one who renounces those dharmas and does not hold on to it.
[339]
Peaceful in the word calm. Without relying on it, there should be no
expectation of the world. The name is peaceful, calm, quenched,
quenched, because of lust, hatred, hatred, anger, anger, arrogance,
arrogance, envy, stinginess. All deceit, boastfulness, stubbornness,
arrogance, arrogance, blasphemy, drunkenness, all intoxication, all
defilements, all anxiety. All the rage, all the trouble, all the trouble
All auspiciousness It is a defilement that has calmed and calmed into
calm, burned out, and ceased, and therefore calmed. There are two habits
in the word that do not dwell. This is the habit of craving, this is
called the habit of craving, and this is called the habit of craving.
individual lust Giving up the spoiled view, not relying on, not holding
on, not holding on. Do not hold on to eye, ear, nose, tongue, body,
mind, form, sound, smell, taste, touch (Dharmamon), family, faculty,
abbot, fortune, yot, Sansern, Suk, robes, alms, senasana, kilana,
pharmacological factors, kamma-elements, images-elements,
non-formal-elements, sensual-images. Pup, non-image, symphap,
unsnap-phop, nevi-na, contractp-p, e-kwokarnp-p, panchavokarp-p, past,
future, present, the dharmas that have been seen and known. informed
therefore Therefore, it is called a peaceful person. No longer living.
The word undesirable means undesirable, undesirable. It is undesirable
that the erotic realm, the form and the form, are therefore called
warriors. After having a budget, do not rely on it and do not expect the
world. The Blessed One said, (The Blessed One said: See Kormakanthiya
Brahman) Graduate did not mention. Purity even with a view did not
mention Purity, even by intellect, not uttering pureness, even by virtue
and asceticism, is the inner peace without view with no sutta, with no
insight, without morality Without asceticism, one, having renounced
those dharmas, does not hold on to it, is at peace, does not dwell, does
not expect the world. [340](มาคันทิยพราหมณทูลวา) I heard that if the sage
does not say purity, even with a view, does not say purity, even with
Yasuta, does not say. purely Even instincts do not speak of purity.
Taking precepts and blessings to inner peace with no supremacy, greed
with no sutta, without wisdom, without precepts. without asceticism I
can\'t find it

I am the chief of your dharma. It is fair to the foolish. because some
brahmins It means purity with ditthi.
[341] The word heard that if the
sage does not speak of purity even with a view, does not speak of
purity. Purity, even with suta, not saying purity, even with the
perception that the sage does not say, does not say, does not speak,
does not show, does not make a statement, which Purity is the ultimate
perfection, the perfection of all roundness, the cessation, the
cessation of the magic, the extinction, even with the view ... even with
the suta ... even with the view and the su. Ta \... even by intellect,
therefore it is said that if the wise do not say purity, even Ditthi, do
not say purity. with suta It does not speak of purity even with
intellect. The Iti chapter in the assembly of Iti Makhandiyo is the
junction, etc. This Iti chapter is the order of the chapters. The word
Makhandiyo is a name, it is a counter. be known as a caller of the
Brahmins, therefore Hence the name Itimakanthiyo.
[342] The word sage
does not speak of purity even through precepts and ceremonies; that sage
does not speak, that is, neither tells, does not speak, does not show,
does not declare. which purification is the supreme purity, the
all-round purity, the liberation, the magic emancipation, the
emancipation, even by virtue ... even by virtue ... even by virtue and
blessing. Therefore, it is called a graduate who does not speak of
purity. Seize precepts and precepts.
[343] The word person means inner
peace. with no view with no Suta with no insight, without precepts, with
ignorance, does not know that you. Saying this that even Ditthi would
want to take even Sattu It is desirable, even if the soul wanted it,
even the precepts wanted it. Even ascetic wishes You cannot forbid in
part, you cannot in part to prohibit, therefore it is said that a person
stands for inner peace. There is no view with no sutta, with no
precepts, without enlightenment. f.
[344] The word I am the most
important of your dharma. It is fair to the foolish. That I am the most
important Knowing Morthu Tempting all the time like this that this
dharma The Dharma of the Fools The Dharma of the Fools fairness of the
delusional The fairness of the people There is knowledge of the Dharma
that does not sway and is not fixed, hence the name Vava. I consider
your dharma to be true of the foolish.
[345] The words because of some
brahmins denotes purity of view, meaning that some ascetics and brahmins
It means purification, i.e. excellence, excellence, liberation,
cessation, cessation, cessation by view, that is, some ascetics and
brahmins. It means purification ... ending with the view that the world
is eternal, this thing is true, nothing else. Some ascetics and brahmins
refer to purification and liberation with a view that the world is not
equal. Etc. The beasts before but die. It is not possible to be a
Jeponni It is not true that anything else is empty, therefore it is
called

because some brahmins It means purity with views. because of that Then
the brahmin said (Makanthiya Brahman) heard that if the sage does not
speak of purity, with a view, not pure, not pure, not pure, not pure,
not pure Taking precepts and blessings Inner peace with no viewpoints
with ignorance with without wisdom I do not have precepts without
blessings. of the importance of your dharma It is the truth of the
foolish, because some ascetics and brahmins are utterly pure of
supremacy.
[346] (The Blessed One said: See Makandiya Brahmins) You
live in Ditthi. They are always asking. You can understand the obsession
with all the views that you hold, and you are not alone. Seeing even
less promise from this dharma, therefore you only experience delusion.

[347] The word you rely on All of you keep asking. It means Makandiya
Brahmins. Based on views, based on passion, ask questions related to
engagement Worries ask concerns. is often asked. Therefore, it is called
The Lord Buddha called the Brahman by the name Makandiya, the word
Bhagava was a sign. By respecting, etc., the word \"Bhagava\" is a law
of truth, therefore it is called the Blessed One. See Kormakanthiya
Brahmins.
[348] The word has reached the obsession with all the views
that you have taken. What views you hold is adherence, adherence,
sympathy, trust. Then you are the one who is infatuated with
infatuation, infatuation. to the obsession He is the one who leads the
dark with views, therefore it is called the word. have reached the
obsession with all the views that you have held
[349] The word and
thou didst not see any promise even from this dharma, that thou didst
not find a worthy promise. reached contract A contract in the form of a
signal in action or a contract as From this dharma, from inner peace,
from practice or from sermon, where do you get it? I did not see the
promise even less from this dharma. On the other hand, you haven\'t
encountered a unique pankhan. Some of the wisdom that is commendable to
Animya, Bang Panchakhan is Some sorrow, some wisdom which is kind, some
wisdom, some sorrow, some wisdom is non-self, some wisdom is kind to me.
some anatta Dharma says that the occurrence of some promises Dharma is a
vision of a promise, where do you get it? Even for this reason, thus it
is called, and you do not see the promise even less from this Dharma.

[350] The word Tasma in The word therefore you only suffer from
delusions.

Therefore, because of that situation, because of that reason, because of
that factor Because of that tale you experience, that is, seeing,
seeing, seeing, seeing and contemplating, but the dharma of the foolish
is the dharma of a fool. Dharma of a passionate person The nature of the
ignorant The swaying dharma is immortal, hence the name, therefore you
only experience delusion. because of that The Blessed One said, (The
Blessed One said: See Makandiya Brahmins) You live in Ditthi. They are
always asking. You have come to know the obsession with all the views
that you hold, and you have not seen any promise from this Dhamma. Lost.

[351] Whoever matters whether we are equal to him, we are better than
him or we are inferior to him. That person should quarrel with that ego.
A person is not shaken because of his arrogance. Three things are
important that we are equal. whether he or we are worse than him It is
not for that person.
[352] Whoever is important, we are equal to him,
we are better than him or we are inferior to him. That person should
quarrel with that arrogance. Whoever is important is that I am equal, I
am the better. If they say that I am worse than him, that person should
quarrel, fight, fight, quarrel, and do evil. with some pride with that
view with that person that you do not know this discipline We know this
discipline. How do you know this discipline? You misbehave, we act
right, our words are helpful. Your words are useless. Words that should
be said before you return after the words that should have been said
after you Your fluent words have turned against us. already punished you
You have been defeated by us. you go on a journey or edited to remove
the word if you can, hence the name Who is important whether we are
always him, we are better than him or we are worse That person should
quarrel with that arrogance.
[353] The word that a person is not
shaken because of his arrogance in three ways is important, that we are
equal. whether he or I am inferior to him, he does not exist for that
person. That these three kinds of arrogance, which one has abandoned,
cut off, calmed down, should not arise. already burned with fire is That
person\'s intellect is not shaken or swayed. went in because of the
predominance of three important things that We are always good, he is
good, we are the people. Than he is good, we are bad, he is not good to
a person who is not trembling. The word importance is not for that
person. The word is nonexistent to me, hence the name. A person is not
shaken because of the importance of egotism. that we are always better
than him or that we are worse than him It is not for that person.
because of that The Blessed One said, Whoever matters whether we are
equal to him, or whether we are inferior to him, or whether we are
inferior to him, then I should argue with that ego. A person is not
shaken because of his arrogance. Three things are important that we are
equal. whether he or we are worse than him

It is not for that person.
[354] a person who is a brahmin What should
you say that is true? or other person that name is a Brahmin Controversy
over what arrogance is it that it is false? The importance that he is
always good is important. from better than him It is important that he
is worse than he is good. There is no such thing as an Arahant Kina. The
Arahant Khinasop What arrogance should one respond to a speech?
[355]
The name is Brahmin. In the word Brahman. What should one say that is
true, that a person is called a Brahmin? Because the seven virtues,
etc., have floated away, that person, who is no longer dependent on
cravings and views, is steadfast, is called a brahmin, therefore he is
called a person who f is that brahmin Say what is true. What is the word
to say, to say, to say, to speak, to show, to declare, to say that the
world is impermanent, etc. The creatures before but are dead. It cannot
be again, it cannot be again. Only this is true Everything else is
empty, therefore it is called a brahmin, what should one say to be true?

[356] the word or a person who is a Brahmin One should argue that such
a thing is false with arrogance. make sure to quarrel, to quarrel, to
inflict With what arrogance? with what view Or by what person? Our words
are true. Your statement is false. You do not know the Dharma and
Discipline, etc., or liberate words if you can, hence the name. or a
brahmin person should argue that such a thing is false. What kind of
arrogance?
[357] The word, the importance of always being good. The
importance of being better than him is good. the importance of worse
than him is not good In any Arahant Khina, it means that we are equal to
him. Presence that we are superior to him; inferiority that we are
inferior to him is not good. No-No \* Appears, cannot enter into any
Arahant Kina, that is, a defilement of the Arahant Kina and then cut off
the peace and suspend, and then cause it should not happen to burn then
by fire is wisdom, therefore Therefore, it is called the importance that
always he is good, the importance is better than he is, the importance
as bad as he is good It does not exist in any Arahant Khina.
[358] The
word Arahant Khina With what arrogance one should respond to a speech,
that an Arahant Khina should respond, that is to argue, to argue, to
quarrel. make sure To quarrel, to quarrel, to do evil with what
arrogance? with what view or by what person? You do not know this Dharma
and Discipline, etc. in order to liberate the speech if you can
Therefore, what is the name of an Arahant Khinasapa supposed to answer
with arrogance? because of that The Blessed One said, a person who is a
brahmin What should you say that is true? or a person who is

That brahmin should argue that such a thing is false. What is your
esteem? It is important that he is always good, more important than he
is. It is important that he is worse than he is good. There is no such
thing as an Arahant Kina. The Arahant Khinasop What arrogance should one
respond to a speech?
[359] Individuals who have mourned do not travel
to the address Muni do not injure in sexual desires. free from all
sensual pleasures not aiming further Do not make a statement Compete
with people.
[360] At that time, a householder named Halinthakani went
to meet the Great Master to the address bowed and sat down at one side
Then asked Mr. Pra Mahakaccana as follows: I, but - *Blessed One The
Blessed One spoke this proverb in the Makandiya, the problem that arises
in the eighth paragraph that a person who has been humiliated does not
recite it. address free from all sensual pleasures not aiming further Do
not make a word offensively against the people as follows. This
abbreviated portion has been spoken. How can it be seen by
peculiarities? The Venerable Mahakagana replied, \"Reverend householder,
the elemental form is the dwelling place of the soul; that is, the
spirit bound by the lust in the elemental form is called the Buddha. Yi
go to the place of mourning It is the soul that is bound by the lust in
The body is called a trip to the place of worship. The householder is
the one who travels to this mourning place. See the householder who is
not weaving. How to travel to the mourning place? Satisfaction, desire,
pleasure The desire for intrigue and prejudice which is the cause of
clinging and sluggishness of any mind in the form of elements such
contentment that the Tathagata abandoned and has a broken root so there
is no location like Tan Yod as well to the absence later does not occur
Henceforth, the Tathagata Sage is called unreligious. go to the place of
mourning Pleasure, desire, intrigue and prejudice which is the cause
steadfastness and lay of the mind, in the feeling element \... in the
contract of the element \... in the body element \... in the spirit
element, contentment and so on. which the Tathagata had abandoned having
severed roots, causing it to stand like a palm sapling None later there
is no occurrence. Therefore, the Tathagata is called unreligious to
mourn the householder. How does the householder, who is an evangelist go
to Stuj, live? wow Able to be wise Going in the address is the form of
vision, vision, vision, vision, vision,* vision, vision to go to the
residence of the householder as a tourist

In a place like this, how does a householder take care of the
householder? The bond with the ability to travel in a place is a vision
abandoned by the Tathagata. There is a broken root, why not burn it? At
the location of Tan Yod, it is imperative that later there is no
occurrence. Henceforth, the Tathagata is called Do not travel to the
address. Look, householder, the bond with the ability of divinity to
travel in the address is the Sattanimit... Gandanimit... Rasnimit... the
Touching Nimit ... and the Dharma Nimit which the Tathagata has
abandoned. already having severed roots, thus making it stand like a
palm sapling, so that it does not exist later, there is no further
occurrence. so ordinary Therefore, the Tathagata is known as the Unsung
Devi. to the residence of the householder, a person who is not a tourist
travels to a *place like this. Look, householder, a person is a person.
How does the bonding of sex occur? Look, householder, some monks In this
moral discipline Associated with the lay people enjoy together and mourn
together. when the laymen Even if happiness is also happy Even suffering
is suffering. When the lay people have things to do He helped himself.
See, the householder, a bhikkhu born in this kind of sensual pleasure.
Well, householder, it is a person who does not suffer How is it in
sensual pleasures? See, a householder, a bhikkhu in this Dhamma and
Discipline, is a non-violent person.* related to the lay people do not
enjoy together not mourning together When the lay people are happy, they
are not happy, and neither are sorrows. When the lay people have things
to do He did not help himself. See, the householder, a monk who does not
have attachment in sensual pleasures like this. Well, householder, how
is a bhikkhu free from all sensual pleasures? Look, householder, some
monks, in this Dharma and Discipline. He is free from desires,
pleasures, passions, hopes, passions, desires for all sensual pleasures.
This job and. Well, householder, how is a bhikkhu free from sensual
pleasures? Here, householder, a bhikkhu is a man without desire,
pleasure, passion, hope, passion, desire, in all sensual pleasures. from
all these sensual pleasures. Look, the householder is a monk. How do you
want to further your identity? See some householders. in this discipline
There is such a desire that in the future, let us have a form like this.
In that form, there is this desire, that in the future, may we have this
kind of pity ... May we have a promise like this Now ... May we have
such a spirit. to the enjoyment of that spirit Look, the householder,
the bhikkhu, is the one who aims for the following identity. The
householder is a monk who does not intend How does the existence
continue? having this desire that in the future we should have a form
like this It\'s not the enjoyment in that picture. There is no such
desire that in future times we should have this kind of pity ... May we
have such a promise ... May we have such a body ... let us should have
such a spirit The enjoyment of that soul is not reached. The
householder, a monk, is not fooled, thus following his existence.

Look, the householder is a monk. How are words to contend with people?
See, *some householders in this Dharma-discipline are monks. Comments
like this that you do not know this discipline, etc., or amend it. to
loosen the word If you can look at the householder, the monk, who made
such slanderous remarks against the people* . How is a householder, a
monk, not a person who criticizes the people? A monk in this Dharma and
Discipline is not a monk. If you make such comments that you do not know
this discipline, etc., you correct it. to loosen the word If you can see
the householder, the monk is the one who does not speak. arguing with
people like this. Look, householder, what proverb does the Blessed One
say? In Makandiya, the problem which arises in the Eighth paragraph
states that a person who has been humiliated does not travel to a place
of muni meditate. In sensual pleasures, empty of all sensual pleasures
not aiming further Do not make a statement to argue with the people as
follows: can be seen by Baroque like this. because of that The Blessed
One said, One who has been humiliated, does not recite to the place of
munimita, lustful attachment, empty from all sensual pleasures. not
aiming further Do not make a statement Compete with people.
[361] A
person named Naga (the noble one) has been separated from the doctrine.
Which one would you like to travel in the world, a person named Janak?
Do not hold on to those views. The lotus flower has a jagged stalk, but
the lotus is water. As water and mud do not become entangled in me, so
is a Muni who speaks peace, does not get attached to sensual pleasures
and in the world.
[362] Words Which of these, in the word, secluded
from any of these views? Let\'s wander in the world, namely all views.
The word secluded is seclusion, empty from the corrupt body. Words of
corruption, corruption lust, etc., all auspicious. The word to travel is
to wander, to roam, to roam, to behave, to maintain, to maintain, to
heal. The word in the world is in the human world, therefore it is
called seclusion. then from Which one should travel in the world?

[363] The word naga in the word person named Nak. Do not hold on to
those views. Let\'s know and explain as follows. A person is called a
Naga because he doesn\'t do evil because he doesn\'t. cause evil because
does not come to evil . The person is called Nak For not doing any evil?
All the dharmas that are sinful, are unwholesome, which cause sorrows
that are born in the new world, are anxious, suffering, and continue to
suffer from old age and death. It\'s called evil. (Really, as the
Blessed One said, Duksabhiya) A person does not do evil.

at least one in the world Desire salad is a binding in all composition
is not involved in all dharmas, is liberated The graduate said that
person who would say that it was a naga Because he is an honest person.
A person is called a Naga. because he did not do such a bad thing. How
does a person say that he is a Naga because he doesn\'t arrive? not up
to sati Not for lust, not for lust, not for the ability of sensuality.
Not with the ability of wrath Not with the ability of rulership not with
the ability of mana not with the ability of view not with the ability of
the appeal Not with the ability of Wikki. Without the ability of
conscience, it does not go, move on, drift away, because of the dharmas
that make up a person, called a naga. Because this is not the case. The
person is called Nak. How did you not come? Whatever defilements, that
person has been abandoned too, that person\'s Sotapatti-path will not
come. did not come back to scoo Those defilements, those defilements,
which a person has abandoned. With the sakadakami fold ... with the
nagami fold ... with the arahat fold, that person never fails to return.
He did not come back to those defilements. Another person was called a
Naga because he did not come like this. The word person is called Nak
Mai. They adhere to those views, saying that a person named Janak Not
considered is not to be taken and taken away. He did not hold on to
those views, that is, to speak and show. proclaiming that the world is
good, the world is not cool, etc., the beings that precede them but are
dead are neither, nor are they. I can\'t find this again. Actually
anything else is empty. Therefore, a person named Nak Mai One must
adhere to those views.
[364] The word lotus has a jagged stem. Just as
a fountain is water without water and mud that does not get stuck, it
means that water is called Ela. The water is called Amphu. The lotus
flower is called the amphucha, the rough rake is called from the mahi
shan. The name of the water is called the lotus flower that is born but
the water is in the water is called the water chala. Swamp is called va
panka, a lotus born from water, exists in water, which does not stick to
the water and the mud is not attached, is not ready, does not get stuck
in the throat. It\'s watery and muddy. hence the name Vaj The lotus
flower has a jagged stalk. Just as a fountain is water that is watery
and muddy that does not cling to.
[365] The word ew in the word muni
who speaks of peace, who is not bound by it. already attached Thus, in
the senses and in the world, it is thus a metaphor, with the word muni
meaning wisdom called Mona, etc. lust and lust That person\'s name is
Manui. The word peace talker is Muni who speaks peace. Resisting Dharma
avoiding dharma talks Saying dharma is relied upon, speaking dharma
without danger. unmoving dharma talks Saying the dharma that does not
die speaks nirvana, hence the name word. So so is the Muni who speaks of
peace. The word that is not attached is lust. It is called attachment,
that is, lust, lust, greed, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and kusala mun.

What kind of entanglement is this muni cut off, calmed down, suppressed,
thus it should not arise? Burned with fire, that is wisdom, this muni is
called a muni who is not entangled, is not entangled, is not entangled,
is not obsessed with form, sound, smell. Ros Photthappha, family, abbot,
fortune, yos, Sansern, Suk, robe, alms, Senasana, Kilan, pharmacological
factors, kamma elements, form elements, immaterial, eroticism, form,
immaterial, sensuous existence, unseen worlds, nevus, nevus, necessity,
necessity, universe Karbhab, panjavokarabha, past, future, present in
the visible Dharma, known and enlightened, is the one who has no
attachment, renunciation, liberation. Abandoning, giving up, one who has
a desire without renunciation Wiu is the quencher, the cool one, the
wise one. The noble one lives in happiness. Therefore, it is called the
Muni, the one who speaks of peace, who is not bound by...so. By verbal
exclamation, there are two kinds of sensual pleasures in the world,
namely, sensual objects, 1 lustful, etc. This is called eroticism, etc.
This is called Passion The word \"in the world\" is the world of evil,
the world of mankind, the world of gods, the world of supremacy, the
world-element, the sense of the world. The name \"attachment\" means
that there are two kinds of addiction, one that is This is called the
clinging to lust, etc. This is the clinging to the view. The muni
renounces lust, renounces lust. view, then it will not stick, not stick,
ready, will not enter that is, one who is not attached to desires and
views, is not attached to sexual desires and the world, etc. is a person
whose mind is free from the realm of defilements. Hence the name Muni,
who speaks of peace, is the one who is not bound by it. not get trapped
in the sensual pleasures and in the world. The Blessed One then said: a
person named Janak from any viewpoint Go on a journey in the world, a
person named Naga, do not hold on to such views. A lotus has a jagged
stalk, but the amphu is water, water and mud do not enter. Just as Muni,
the spokesperson So peaceful who is not bound by lust and in the world .
would not go with a view Not to the arrogance of the known emotion, the
Muni is lustless. what karma and sound Hearing cannot lead, he is the
one who desires and views do not enter into dwellings.
[367] The word
na in the word muni who has magic. would not go with a view not up to
ego with a flat temperament as follows: negativity Thamwiyasamphojong
Wisdom is the subject of insight; Vipassana; Sammāditthi is called Veda.
The Muni is the ultimate, attainable, attainable, attainable,
attainable, attainable, attainable. time to the end reach the end to the
protection achieve protection to avoid attaining refuge to refuge
attaining refuge to refuge Achieving innocence Reaching the Unmoving
Reaching Unmoving Reaching the Unmoving A person who does not die,
reaches nirvana, attains nirvana of old age and death. with those
spells.

another A person is called one who has reached the Vedas because of the
view that it reaches the end of all Vedas, because it appears that it
reaches the end of all Vedas Because he is an enlightened person of the
seven dharmas, namely Sakkaya Ditthi, Vicikicha, Silabpodaparamas, lust,
hatred, moha, and mana, the Dharma that one has been enlightened and
known. notify the obscene unwholesome which brings sorrows and sorrows
into a new world anxious suffering It is the next factor of aging, aging
and death. as true as the Blessed One said. (See Korrasphiya) A bad
person Full weight protection of existing samanas and brahmins one who
is free from sensuality in all feelings Having crossed over all Vedas,
it is called the dual Veda. The word does not go with the view: Ditthi,
62, this muni is abandoned, severed, calmed, settled, causing It should
not arise, burnt out by the fire of wisdom, that muni does not go, does
not move, does not drift, does not wander, does not go and does not go.
does not return to that view as a matter of fact. Therefore, it is
called Muni Phatu. That magic does not go with a view. The word does not
reach the perceived ego means that the muni does not reach, does not
reach, does not reach, does not hold, does not hold. Does not hold onto
self-esteem with a figure known by another\'s voice or with the
assumption of the public Therefore it is called a muni who does not
reach the magic. Assessment with a known sentiment. The word Muni is a
person who does not lust means that the Muni is without lust, that is,
is not lustful, is not lustful. where craving is the forerunner with the
ability of craving with the ability of view, craving, view, and mana are
the state of muni. root is cut off Therefore, there is no location like
Tan Yod Duan. to the absence of later As usual, for whatever reason,
Muni is called a person without lust. There is absolutely no passion.
There is no precedent of lust, therefore it is said that the Muni is
lustless.
[368] The word karma... is not the one who destroys karma
and the sound that is not heard, that Muni is. Does not go on, does not
go on, does not go on, does not go on by some wisdom
Apunyaphisangkharbhang Ananjaphisangkhara is therefore called the one
who can not lead to karma. The word is the one who raises the inaudible
voice. what is possible is that the muni does not move, does not move,
does not drift to be carried away cleanly by the sound of another
person\'s voice or by illusion. of the public, therefore it is known as
the one who destroys karma and loses it. Hearing that should not be
taken.
[369] The name \"importation\", in the word lust and view, does
not enter into all dwellings, is to bring in two things. Vang is the
introduction of craving, this is called the introduction of craving,
etc. This is called the introduction of craving, etc. lead the import
with a view. That muni is the introduction of lust. renounce gone with a
view because it is the result of importation

Craving, relinquishing the lead with a view Muni is therefore called He
who is lustful and skeptical, does not enter, does not get attached,
does not reach, does not get attracted, does not give up, has given up,
is liberated, does not go away. Twenty years later, in all dwellings one
has a mind free from the realm of defilements. Therefore, he is known as
the one who is lustful and Ditthi is not brought into dwellings. because
of that The Blessed One said, A muni who has reached the Vedic mind does
not obey the view, does not appreciate the arrogance. Traamuni is the
one who does not lust for karma and spoil Hearing that should not be
taken. Desires and views are not brought into place. All residents.

[370] Desires are no verse. to the Muni who have been expelled from
the Ruler Contract There is none for a muni who is freed by wisdom.
Those who hold promises and opinions, these people clash with each
other. Let\'s travel around the world.
[371] The word defilement is
inferior, there is no perfection that has been excluded from the
promise, meaning that any muni prospering in the path is perfect.
preliminary work Defilement is a filter, a state, that muni has been
destroyed from the beginning. When the muni has reached an arahant
state, defilements, verses, moha, niran, kamasya, vindictiveness, wives,
and ditsa. It is a condition which the Arahants have renounced. has a
broken root does not cause a location like Tan Yod Duan to the absence
of later It is normal to continue, therefore it is called passion. Being
a spy tool does not distinguish a person who is excluded from the
contract.
[372] The word delusion does not exist for the stubborn
Muni. It\'s over with wisdom. What is the meaning of chamuni? The Noble
Eightfold Path has introspection, delusion, the muni state, which has
been overwhelmed from the beginning. When the muni has reached an
arahant, defilement, defilement, neura, kamasya, vindictiveness,
vindictiveness, disabilities, and disabilities are the state of the
Arahant\'s abandonment. having a root that is cut off and thus making it
stand like a palm tree, the top is cut down to the absence of it later,
there is no further birth, hence the name. There is no devotion to the
spirits, Hu is freed by wisdom.
[373] The word that those people who
still hold the promise of those critics still clash with each other.
Traveling in the world means that those who still hold promises, that
is, the vengeful promises, the vengeful contracts, the lustful
contracts, those who are at odds with each other, that is, encroach upon
each other with the ability of the promise. that is, people who still
holds a promise even if he is a king will quarrel with kings even if he
is a king and quarreled with the Brahmins Even being a householder would
quarrel with the householder. Even a mother quarrels with her son. Even
a son quarrels with his mother. Even the father quarrels with the son,
even the son quarrels with the father, even the brother and sister. A
quarrel with a brother and a younger brother, even a sister would
quarrel with sisters, even brothers and sisters A quarrel with a sister,
even a sister would quarrel with brothers and sisters, even friends The
quarrel with his comrades. Those people quarreled with each other. would
injure each other with some palms. with some clay with some logs, with
weapons, because

That quarrel. Some of those people are fatal. to some death because of
the attack So, which people still hold the view of the world? Etc., or
that the beings before, but die, can live again, neither do they live
again. that would affect each other, that is, encroach upon each other
The ability of ditthi, that is to say, affects both the Prophet and the
Prophet. even hurts to tell Dharma, but telling the Dharma affects the
group, but the group affects the view, but the view. affecting the
affirmation, but the affirmation would affect the path but the path. on
the other hand, those people A quarrel is a quarrel with each other.
make a difference make a quarrel made a mistake that You do not know
this discipline, etc., or amend it in order to liberate the speech. If
you can. Those people still neglected I can\'t get it anymore, it hurts
my motto, i.e. it hurts one another in hell. would even hurt and
persecute each other in the birth of the beast, even encroaching upon
each other in the imperceptible would hurt persecution in the human
world will succumb to in the world encroaching on the mind persecute The
vision but the conception affects the world, but the world affects it.
Persecuted, pity, but pity would even encroach upon the cycle They
quarrel with each other. They are likable to live, change their posture,
maintain, maintain and heal. The word in the world is in Abuse of the
human world, the world of the gods, the world of the world, the world of
the world, the world of the world, hence the name of the people. Those
who still hold promises and those critics are battling each other. into
the world. Therefore, the Blessed One said, Passion is a veritable scam,
who has been exempt from the contract of rulership. It is not for any
muni who, freed from intellectuals, still hold their promises and
supremacy against each other. You can travel around the world as
follows. End of Makandiyasuttanidthes 9th Vision asked:) What is the
person\'s opinion? What are the precepts? An graduate said is a peaceful
person Lord Gotama, you have been asked, tell that person. which is a
rich student to me. On the question of the Buddha\'s vision
[375] What
is the opinion of a person, what is the moral opinion? As the sage said,
\"I am at peace.\" What opinion does a person have? how How? with what
advantage?

Hence, what is your opinion? The word virtuous means what kind of
morality a person possesses, that is, by his existence. How? with the
advantage, therefore, what is your opinion? What are the precepts? An
graduate said that One who has attained peace, what the sage said,
called, told, spoke, expressed, declared that he was at peace, had
entered peace, had ceased, had ceased. asked about the wisdom that What
is your opinion? He asked about the fasting of the precepts, what kind
of precepts he had, he asked about the high spirits that he had attained
peace, hence the name Vava, what was his opinion? How are the precepts?
An graduate said is a person who has entered peace.
[376] The word
which that person, in the word, Lord Gotama ... please speak to that
person ... to me, the person who asks, asks Tell me, tell me, tell me,
let me proclaim that Buddha\'s vision would call upon the Blessed One by
Phra Kottawa I am Phra Gotama. The word \"please speak\" means to speak,
to tell, to show, to declare, to appoint, to appoint, to reveal, to
classify, to be shallow, to proclaim, therefore it is called, Lord
Gotama \... please speak. Tell that person \... to me.
[377] The word
has been asked, in the word has been asked \... which is the Higher One
means right. Asked, asked, asked to tell. Invited to show. Let\'s
announce. The word, which is a high school student, who is a noble
student, is the president. The supreme bowon, therefore, is called a
noble person. Therefore, the Buddha Nimit said: What is your opinion of
the person? What kind of precepts, as said by the sage, have come to
peace, O Venerable Gotama? The Lord has been asked, let me tell you that
person, the supreme noble one.
[378] (The Blessed One replied: but the
body is broken An Arahant is free from craving, one who does not rely on
the primary, which no one can count in the middle. to that arahant.
Explain the word Bhagava
[379] The word (said the Blessed One) before
the body is broken. An Arahant is free from craving, meaning that before
the body is broken, that is, before the self is broken. Before leaving
the corpse, but without life An arahant is free from craving, that is,
one who has lost, renounced, renounced, renounced, renounced. The rank
of lust is one who has lost lust, giving up and vomiting. giving up and
giving up the night, one who has quenched his hunger, has cooled down,
and is the one who enjoys the feet of Brahma. The words were called with
respect. The other is called Bhagava, because of its meaning, that
destroys lust, destroys anger, destroys delusion, destroys mana,
destroys ditthi, destroys thorns, destroys defilements. He classified
the Dharma Ratana. because He did the best of all worlds. Because he had
a trained body. having a trained morality, having a mind

Trained, learned intelligence. In addition, the Blessed One worshiped
the forest sanasana. in the dense forest Little work, without rumbling,
without crowds of passers-by. that should do the secret karma of mankind
It is suitable to avoid hiding, therefore it is called the Bhagava. In
addition, the Blessed One is involved in the alms robes of the
Senasanakhilana. Therefore, the Blessed One has the share of upholding
the precepts, high-spirited, high-intelligence, which has the taste and
taste. Therefore, it is called the Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One
takes part in the 4 Jhana. Four ignorances, four imperfections, hence
the name Bhagava. In addition, the Exalted One has the share of 8
liberation, 8 Abhidhatana (contemplation of meditation). of the
dominance of emotions) Anupupbhavihara sambat 9 (4 jhana rupa, 4 arupha
jhana, 4 vedic nirodha 1) hence it is called the Bhagava. The cycle of
samatha meditation, 10 kasin samapatti, 10 anapanasati samadhi,
asuphjhana- \*samapati, hence the name vaj. In addition, the Blessed One
has the participation of the 4 Foundations of Mindfulness, the 4
Righteousness, the 4 Powers, the 5 Organics, the 5 Strengths, the
Bojjhajga, the 7 Noble Paths. 8 Therefore, it is called the Bhagava.
Moreover, the Blessed One has 10 Vesarajajana, 4 Patisampidha, 4 Apinya,
6 Buddhadhamma, 6 Therefore it is called the Bhagava. The name of this
Bhagava, Mother, Father, Father, Bhikkini, Friend, Amatya, Relative,
Recluse, Brahmin, Deva are not honored. Names (names in the Arhat, in
the order of the Arhat Path) are the commandments of truth. (The law
that was born because of doing to inform the Arahatship and the Dharma
all) together with attaining the enlightenment of the Bodhipruek of the
Blessed One, the Enlightened Ones, hence the name The Blessed One said:
before the body was broken An Arahant is free from craving.
[380]
Adolescence, when referred to as the preliminary part, in the word
non-primary, the Arahant preaches the past lusts of relinquishment. The
view has been lost because of the abandonment of desire, and after the
view has been abandoned, it is called a person who does not rely on the
primary. Even for this reason. another An arahant does not conform to
pleasure in form, that in the past we had such form, not according to
pleasure, that in past times we had pity. Like this \... there is a
contract, this \... there is this body \... there is such a spirit, so
it is called a non-primary person. f For this reason. On the other hand,
an Arahant does not have a spirit because of me. Traga in the eye and
past forms Once we had such an eye with this form, because he was
without any other spirit. because he does not enjoy the eye, and that
form, when he does not enjoy the eye and that form, is called an
introductory person. Even for this reason. There was not a spirit
because of the enlightenment in the ear and the sound that in the past
we had ears, so there was this noise... In the past, we had noses like
this. There was such a smell ... In the past I had such a tongue, such a
taste \... In the past I had such a body, such a touch\...

because he is not because of the mind and the Dharma do not rejoice and
the Dharma when did not enjoy and dharma Therefore, he is called a
person who does not rely on the elementary part even for this reason.
another The Arahant was not pleased. Dislikes laughter, talks, speeches,
and playful tricks. Matukam in the past and not to the delight with
laughter, the talks, the talks and the head-to-head with Matukam that
had in the past, hence the name that he was not an early participant,
even for this reason.
[381] In the present tense, you call the middle
part in the word \"uncountable\". that the Arahant, preaching to the
present tense, has abandoned craving, has abandoned its view; because it
has abandoned, has abandoned it, which no one can count as a desire
anger to disagreement Arrived by strength. The Arahants have left those
Abhisankharas because they have abandoned the Abhisankharas, which no
one can count by stating that they are born in Hell. in the birth of the
devil Born in the Pretavism, a human being, a deity, a being. is a
shapeless animal being an animal with a contract It\'s an animal without
a contract. or being an animal with a contract There is no contract. An
arahant has no cause and no necessity. Therefore, it is called a person
who cannot be counted in the middle. on the two things that were done in
the fore That Arahant is the Arahant Khina. It\'s called doing in the
foreground. namely, doing two things in the foreground: one doing one in
the foreground with one desire, one doing one with one perspective, and
so on. This is called doing. Putting it in the foreground by lust, etc.,
this is called doing it in the foreground with views. That Arahant
abandons his predecessor with lust and relinquishes his doings in the
foreground. Page with views because of neglect made in the foreground
with lust give back in the foreground with a view therefore do not
commit lust? The view in the foreground is that there is no desire, no
victory flag. Passion is the highest flag without lust. There is no view
as a victory flag, no view as a flag of the top of the tree. Ditthi is a
great person, not a person who has a desire. Seeking or looking around,
wandering, even for this reason, therefore it is called that the
preceding action does not belong to that Arahant. another An arahant
does not conform to pleasure in form, that in the future we should have
such form, not according to pleasure, that in future times we should
have pity. This ... there is a promise, this ... there is such a body
... there is such a spirit. Even so, thus it is called that the
precedence does not belong to that Arahant. another An Arahant does not
set his mind to obtain eyes and form that have not yet been established.
In the future, we should have such an eye with such form, because
without setting up the mind, we do not enjoy the eye and form. that when
Mijeplin the eye and that figure The deeds in the fore were not for that
Arahant. Even for this reason. Do not set the mind for hearing and
unexplained sounds, that in the future we should have ears as follows:
There is this sound ... in the future tense.

We should have a nose, so this smells like this... In the future we
should have a tongue, so this tastes like this... in the future. We
should have a body like this: Having the following touches ... In the
future, we should have this mind There is a dharma as follows. Because
of not setting one\'s mind, one does not enjoy it, and that dharma, when
not satisfied with that dharma, does. in the foreground is not for that
Arahant Even for this reason. another An Arahant does not set his mind
to obtain a world that has not yet been realized. Will we be gods?
Either by virtue, by virtue, by penance, or by this celibacy, by not
setting one\'s mind, he does not enjoy that realm. when not enjoying
that world The preceding deeds were not for that Arahant, even for this
reason. because of that The Blessed One said, (The Blessed One said)
before the body was broken An Arahant is free from craving, one who does
not rely on the elementary part, which no one can count in the middle.
The deeds in the fore were not for that Arahant.
[383] He who does not
get angry, does not flinch, does not boast, does not annoy, speaks with
wisdom, is not distracted, keeps his speech. is a muni.
[384] It is
said by the Blessed One who is not angry in the word that one is not
angry. Do not flinch, but anger should be said first. Anger is caused by
ten symptoms, namely, anger grows because he has behavior is of no
benefit to us, 1 he is doing bad things. It is of benefit to us that he
will do things that are of no benefit to us. Benefit to our loved ones
who are pleased with us. A person who is beloved to my liking, he will
do things that are of no benefit to our loved ones. to persons who are
not My beloved beloved 1 He is doing what is beneficial to One who is
unloved to our hearts will act as Benefit to those who are not in love
with our hearts 1. Anger arises with no cause. indignation, indignation,
indignation, indignation, indignation always resentment, loathing,
loathing, loathing, vengeance of the mind, malice of the heart, anger,
anger, anger, anger. vengeful behavior, vengeful behavior, vengeful
behavior vindictiveness, wrath, wrath in response, fierceness,
wickedness. This displeasure of the mind is called anger. Should know
more anger, less anger. Sometimes, anger is only clouding the mind, but
it doesn\'t even cause a frown. Sometimes anger is just make your face
look bent But it still doesn\'t cause the chin to tremble. Sometimes
anger only makes the chin tremble but doesn\'t make it sound - \*verbal.
Anger is only to utter a word. But still not to look in different
directions. Sometimes anger is just to look at Dasi. various things, but
still did not let the logs and the swords be touched.

Sometimes anger is just to hold the logs and the sword, but not the
weave. There are also wood and science. Sometimes anger is just a rod
and a sword. But it still doesn\'t make the log and the scale right. but
still not causing a small wound There are big wounds. Sometimes anger is
only causing a small wound but not breaking the bone. Sometimes, anger
is but only broken bones but still does not let the small and large
organs fall off. Sometimes, anger is just the crucifixion. but still not
let life die. Sometimes anger is just life-ending. but still not
sacrificing his life completely. When anger kills the other person then
kills oneself, then the anger becomes severe. That anger, which a person
has abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from arising, is
burned down by the fire of wisdom. That person is called a person who
does not get angry. A person is called a person who does not get angry
because his anger has been abandoned by knowing the object of anger by
reason. of anger, therefore the name Vaj, the one who does not get
angry.
[385] The word who does not flinch that some of the monks in
this Dharma and Discipline are startled, terrified, terrified. terrified
We do not Not a group, not a clergyman, not gaining wealth, not gaining
a degree, not being praised, not happy, not receiving a robe, not
receiving alms, not giving offerings. Maijai Chakilan, a pharmaceutical
factor Not a person who nurses during a fever We will not become famous
and illustrious. A bhikkhu in this Dharma and Discipline is neither
startled nor terrified. He does not flinch. Not terrified, not
terrified, not afraid, not terrified, that we have no family. Not a
group, not a clergyman, not gaining wealth, not gaining a degree, not
being praised, not happy, not receiving a robe, not receiving alms, not
giving offerings. Maijai Chakilan, a pharmaceutical factor Not a person
who nurses during a fever We are not famous, whose voices appear,
therefore the one who does not get angry, who does not flinch.
Concerning the one who is not boastful
[386] The word one who is not
boastful does not bother. Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline a
boastful person Wat. A monk is arrogant and majestic. that we are one
who has reached with some precepts, with some rituals, or with some
precepts and observances the even with some nation Even with some clans,
with some being the sons of the family even with being a person of some
beauty arrived with some assets even with some rule arrived with some
work duties Reaching with the source of the arts, with some academic
standing even with some education Arrived with some improvisation. Even
with any object, some were ordained from the Sang family, some were
ordained from a large family. Ordained from a family with some wealth
ordained from the family Great treasure He was famous and appeared to be
of higher rank than some monks and monks. He is the one who receives
robes, alms, senas, and ceremonial factors. Chang\'s Pharmacy He is the
one who memorizes some sutras. some discipline Is it fair? is the holder
of the forest

as a measure to be a holder of a pilgrimage Alms as a measure, some hold
the robes as a measure, some are the holders He made the three robes as
a measure. a holder of alms in the order of the alleys Being a holder,
not sleeping as a measure He is the holder of the sanasana, how to
arrange it as a measure, is a person who has received the first
meditation, some is a learner. Some of them have graduated, some have
graduated. Some are four people, some are senior citizens, some are
senior citizens. Some of them are the ones who have the instincts and
some of them. He is the one who has brought some promises. The person
does not boast or boast In this manner, a person refrains from
refraining from arrogance and is not involved in arrogance. is a person
who has a mind free from the realm of defilements. Therefore it is
called a person who does not boast. Concerning the one without annoyance

[387] The name annoyance in the word \"no annoyance\" is the annoyance
of hands. some nuisance Both hands and rubbish nuisance importance of
things that should not, importance of things that should not The
importance of things that are not punishable The importance of things
that are punishable as being a nuisance This is called annoyance. On the
other hand, annoyance, mental distress, and anxiety arise because of a
cause. Two things: because of doing and because of not doing. Anxiety,
distress, anxiety, and anxiety arise because of doing and not doing.
What do we do? Annoyances, troubles, mental distress, and anxiety arise.
We only do our body corruption. We do not act honestly, we only speak
corruptly, we do not speak truthfully. We only act corruptly, we do not
deceive. Out of alms, we do only adinnatan. We did not intentionally
abstain. From the innocence, we only do slanderous games, we do not do
it intentionally. Refrain from Gamemu We do lies, but lie, we do not do
it intentionally. Abstain from vows, we only do vows, we do not.
intentionally abstain from Pisanu They say that we can do it, but they
say that we cannot. Doing intentionally abstaining from verbal abuse, we
do but touch the fish. We do not intentionally abstain from touching the
fish. We only do Abhijha. We don\'t do enlightenment. We only do
vindictiveness. We don\'t do up drugs. We do but do not believe, we do
not. Anxiety, distress, anxiety, and anxiety arise because of doing and
not doing this. On the other hand, distress, distress, and anxiety arise
that we are not perfectionists in the precepts. Nong, who does not
protect the anus in all organics, we are ignorant of nutrition. We are
the ones who do not work hard to keep awake. We are the ones not
composed of consciousness. We do not develop the four foundations of
mindfulness, we do not cultivate the four foundations of consciousness,
we do not develop powers, four we do not develop. Organic 5 We do not
grow physically 5. We do not grow up 7 We do not develop the Noble
Eightfold Path, we do not define suffering, we do not abandon Samutaya.
We do not meditate on the way, we do not expose this nuisance that any
person has cut off and calmed down and thus should not-

*happen to burn then by fire is the soul, that person is called unseen.
annoyance, hence the name The one who does not boast has no trouble.
Concerning wisdom, it is better than manta.
[388] The word one who
speaks Ya Wisdom is not distracted by what wisdom is called manta:
wisdom, general knowledge, etc., non-delusion, discrimination, decency.
One who wisely speaks, speaks a lot, speaks a lot, speaks a lot, speaks
a lot, does not speak evil words, speaks evil, negotiates evil speeches.
evil speaks evil, therefore it is called Suck with wisdom. The
distraction in the word Who is not distracted? distraction, restlessness
the vexation of the mind This movement of the mind is called
distraction. That distraction, which a person has abandoned, cut off,
calmed, suppressed, causing it to arise, has been burned by the fire of
the mind, that person is called a dwarf. MFG Therefore, it is called One
who speaks with wisdom is not distracted. Concerning the comprehension
of speech
[389] The word that person comprehends speech is a muni.
bhikkhus in this Dharma and Discipline lie Absent from lies, speak the
truth, hold the truth can hold, do not speak Move around the world. Lapi
Sunavaca, abstaining from Pi Sunavaca. Hearing from this side, don\'t go
and tell me to destroy this group. or heard from over there did not come
and tell this group of people to destroy those people to be in harmony
with different people; to encourage people to be in unison; to be in
harmony; to rejoice in people who are in unison. have joy rejoice in the
person in unison saying the words that make They were in unison as
follows: refraining from blasphemy from the blasphemous word. The
melodious sound is the location of love that reaches the heart as the
words of the villagers. The crowd is very satisfied, satisfied.
Abstaining from touching, speaking at the proper time, speaking the
truth, speaking based on the meaning, speaking on the Dharma, speaking
on the discipline, saying that the words are evidence, have references
to the msi. Benefit, by the time, should be a person who speaks in good
faith 4 saying that the word is free from punishment 4. Abstaining
Consisting of 32 things, he is a person who has a mind without realm and
defilements, that is, ten objects of speech, namely: Appichakatha,
Santuthikatha, Pavivekatha. Asangkatha- Katha, Viriyaram Bhaktha,
Silakatha* , Samadhana Katha, Wimuttiktha, Vimuttinyanadassakantha,
Satipatthana- \*katha, Sammapphanakatha, Enlightenth Katha. Indriyatha,
ponkatha, phojongkoktha, makkatha, nibbanakatha, nibbana. The word muni
means that nana is called mona, etc., advancing the dharma, and lusting
only as a person is called a muni, hence the another that that person
comprehends his speech as a muni. Because of that The Blessed One said,
That person who is not angry, does not startle, is not arrogant. Word
was not bothered to speak.

Wisdom is not distracted, he is comprehensible in his speech. Those
involved in the future do not mourn the things that have passed. and is
not led by views. Concerning the one who has no desire
[391] The word
man without lust is related in the future, meaning lust. This is called
craving related, i.e. lust, lust, etc. Abhijha, lobha, akusalamul. That
related lust, which one has abandoned, is cut off, is calmed, is
suppressed. It should arise, be burned, and be destroyed by fire, even
for this reason, so it is called the one who has no lust related to the
future. One person who is not according to the pleasure of form, that in
the future we should have such a form, not according to the pleasure of
the name, that in the future we should have such pity have a contract
like this There is such a body, and there is such a soul, even thus,
therefore it is called a person without desire. Look for related
equipment in the future. One does not set up a mind to obtain an eye and
a form that has not yet been established. In the future, we should have
the following eye, and there are such forms, because the mind is not set
up. Therefore he does not enjoy the eye and that form, and if he does
not enjoy the eye and that form, he is free from any future desires.
Even for this reason. not set the mind to gain ears and Sounds that have
not yet been spoken in the future we should have ears like this... with
such a smell \... in the future we should have such a tongue, such a
taste \... in the future we shall have such a body Having the following
touches ... In the future, we should have this mind have the following
morals: because of the reason that the mind is not set therefore do not
rejoice, and that Dharma, when not rejoicing, and that Dharma is not
lustful in the future, even though for this reason. another A person
does not set his mind in order to obtain a world that has not yet been
said. We will be any deity or deity by virtue, by virtue, by penance, or
by this chastity. Because he does not set his mind, he does not enjoy
that world; when he does not enjoy that world, he does not that lust is
involved in the future even for this reason. lamenting the past that he
does not grieve over a variable object. or when the object has changed
not mourning, not sorrowing, not suffering, not mourning, not beating
the chest. It is not the infatuation that our eyes, sota, ghana,
chihuahua, our bodies have changed; our form, sound, smell, taste, our
touches have changed; our clan, group, abbot, fortune, rank, praise, and
happiness have changed. robes binthabat senasana khilanshu- \*Our
pharmacists have changed Mothers Fathers Brothers Brothers Sisters
Sisters Sisters

Our sons, fathers, friends, kinsmen, and relatives have been
transformed, and therefore do not mourn the past. On Senses
[393]
Named contact in the word trance in all senses, namely eye-contact,
hearing-contact, vomit-contact, contact with the physical body.
touching, touching, touching, touching until touching The gracious
touch, the blissful feeling, the gracious touch, the sorrowful touch,
the gracious touch, the wholesome touch, the wholesome touch *.
Upayakrit, touch, which is a kamavar. touch is an arupavava-contact, an
unavoidable contact, an amitta-contact touch Panhita-tacssa, the
lokiya-contacts, the former lokiya-contacts touch of the future The
present contact, the contact, the correctness, the right action, the
being of the correctness, this is called contact. The word seer. Vivek
in the senses means that one sees the eye and senses that It\'s a snack
from someone\'s self. Some of the dharmas that are inherently, some of
the impermanence, some of the sustainability. From the being of high
quality, some from the dharma that does not change some. seeing, seeing,
seeing, seeing, seeing, seeing, seeing Seeing the mind-touching, seeing
the endowment- touching, seeing the adha-* touching, seeing the
supportive touch. The blissful feeling sees the rich and sorrowful touch
the touch that is beneficial to all bitterness I see unwholesome touch,
I see gamma-seeing, I see my ass-seeing, I see my ass-seeing. I see the
senses as Sunyata, I see the Animitta, I see the Apanahita, I see the
Lokiya touch. sees the touch of the world as a snack from Some
self-identity is due to self-dharma, some are due to equanimity. Some
from sustainability, some from belonging, some from unvariable morality.
another A person sees the touch of the past that It\'s a snack from the
touch that is The future and the present see the future touch as a snack
from the The past and the touch of the present. see the current touch
that It is a snack from the past touch. and the touch of the future. On
the other hand, which of these senses is noble, slava is worldly. One
who sees those touches and sees those touches, saying, It is a snack of
lust, wrath, hatred, anger, anger, negligence, equality, jealousy,
stinginess, boastfulness, stubbornness, arrogance, contempt,
drunkenness. All negligence, all defilements, all corruption all the
restlessness All passions, all sufferings, all afflictions, all
sankharas, hence the name one who sees solitude in all touches.
[394]
The saying and not being taken in because of all views is that the
person\'s view, 62, is abandoned, pacified, has ceased, should not
arise, has been burned. Fire is spiritual, a person who

The view does not lead, does not go away, does not float away, does not
move, and that person does not revert to, does not return to that view
by virtue of essence, hence the name. and was not led in because of all
views. because of that The Blessed One said, A person who has no desire
to be involved in the future. not mourning the past Gone, those who saw
the solitude in the He is not deceitful, not deceitful, not ambitious,
is not stingy, is not arrogant, is not offensive and does not engage in
greed. A person who has slanderous speech. on avoidance
[396] The word
evasion. In the word that a person is a person who avoids and does not
deceive, it means that by abandoning all lust, hatred, anger, anger, and
anger, etc., he is called The one who avoids. It is as true as the
Blessed One said. look at the monks as a monk How to avoid it? look at
the monks monks in this discipline who has given up on the belief that
it is me, having a broken root, why not renew it? At the location of Tan
Yod, it is imperative that later there is no occurrence. as usual,
monks, monks are the ones who avoid This is why. Therefore, it is called
Be a avoider. 3 types of deception
[397] There are 3 types of deceit
in the word not deceit: Addicted to factor 1 of deceit, spoken with
arrogance 1 on the subject Deception is said by slander 1. What is the
matter about deceit by stealing factors? householders in this world
Inviting monks with robes, alms, senasana and khilana factors of
pharmaceutical medicine. That bhikkhu has obscene desires that dominate.
There is a need for robes, alms, senas, and kilan. Pharmacy factors
depend on the desire to obtain. The King said to return the Senasana
robes for alms. Khilan, the apothecary, she said in such a way what
benefit the clergyman with the robe was very valuable, the clergyman
deservedly chose to collect the clothes. scratching from a cemetery, a
pile of pulp or a market stall and making a sacrificial offering, what
is the benefit of the monks with valuable alms? a lot Priest should be
successful Live by the lumps of rice that are acquired with the
sunflowers by the behavior of Saengha. It is appropriate. What is the
benefit to the recluse with great value? The monk should be at the base
of the tree. being in the cemetery or in the public place, it is
appropriate What are the benefits to the monks? The yakhilan factor is
very valuable. A monk should make medicine with rotten mites or crumbs.
It is expedient that she relies heavily on being a poor person, so wears
a sorrowful robe. I\'m alms in the sorrow The sorrowful narcissist And
I, Kilan, the sorrowful apothecary factor. The householders saw the monk
and knew this.

that this monk has little desire A person who is secluded, secluded,
uncomplicated by groups, presuming perseverance, eloquence, arranging
defilements, and treats her with robes, alms, senas, and ceremonial
factors. Pharmacist - *Dr. She said this: Because concurrence occurs for
three reasons, a believing child experiences great merit. The believing
son has experienced great merit. Because, concurrently with Thai Dharma,
the believing clan\'s son experienced a lot of merit. because it was
concurred with monks who had great virtues; You have this faith. There
is this Thai Dharma. The whole ego is the sixth vice. If I will not
accept You will be deprived of merit. I have no need for this factor,
but I will accept it with your grace. from that time She also received a
lot of robes. Received a lot of alms, received a lot of Senasana,
received a lot of medicinal necessities. crumpled face rudeness,
deceitfulness, deceitful behavior Being deceitful, this is what you see,
is called deceit, which is said by stealing things. The story of deceit
is said with a gesture. Why? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline
have obscene desires that dominate. wishing to be glorified, thinking
that the community will glorify us tactics like this So he sat down, sat
down, sat down, sat down, sat down, sat down, walked like a monk, sat
down, sat down. Do it yourself The monks are meditating. and act like a
bhikkhu who prospering, arranging meditation (contemplation in the
presence of human beings), intention, setting up posture crumpled face
humiliation, deceitful behavior To deceive a deceit like this is called
a deceit speaks with arrogance. Why are some monks in this Dharma and
Discipline? lustful the desire to dominate wishing to glorify, thinking
that the congregation would glorify us with this ploy robe like this A
clergyman is very honorable. Any monk who makes alms bowls like this is
a monk. Any monk who is a monk-shaped vessel,* metal-style,
Dhammakok-style, cloth for filtering water, holds a key, wears shoes,
uses a lumbar support, uses a string of monks. It is said that any monk
who has such a superintendent has a master like this, has a
co-supervisor like this. There are fellow teachers like this, there are
consensus like this, there are people like this, there are those who are
related like this. have a comrade like this The monks are very
honorable. Any monk who lives in a house with such a single treasure, is
in a castle like this. in the house Carol like this in a cave like this
In this shelter, in such a law, in such a canopy. In a fort like this,
in a roundhouse like this, in a house like this. In the congregational
pavilion like this, in the monasteries like this, at the foot of a tree,
such a monk is very dignified. another A monk is an indifferent person.
crumpled, deceitful, deceitful, deceitful, which others praise with
their prestige: This clergyman received a sanctuary which exists like
this, such a monk speaks such words, Dharma and Nirvana

mysterious and discreet Do not hide your actions at. face crumpled with
deception This deceitful behavior, deceitfulness, deceitfulness, this is
also called deception. Speaking along the lines of d. These three
deceptions, which are torn off, calmed, suppressed, and thus prevented,
should arise, burned with the fire of wisdom. That person is called a
person who does not deceive, therefore is called a avoider, does not
deceive.
[398] Lust is called Ambition, in the word one who is not
ambitious, is not stingy, is lust, lust, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and
kusalamun. That ambition, which one has abandoned, cuts off, is calm, is
suppressed, does. should not happen. Burned with fire is the spirit. A
person is called an unambitious person. Difficult, unhappy, unwelcome,
disapproving of form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family, group, abbot,
fortune, rank, praise, happiness, robes, alms, senas, kilan,
pharmacological factors, kamma-elements, form-elements,
immaterial-elements, sensual-images, non-physics. Sanyapop Asanyapop,
Nea-Sanayanapop, Ekvokanpop, Jatuwokanpop, Panchavokanpop, past, future,
present, form that can be seen and heard. Known emotions and enlightened
ones because hence the name Vaj who is not ambitious. Concerning the
five kinds of stinginess, the word non-stinginess means the five
stinginess, namely stinginess, one family stinginess, one stinginess.
Fortune 1 Caste stinginess 1 stinginess Dharma 1 stinginess Dharma 1
stinginess stinginess Desires, tenacity, stinginess in giving someone\'s
mind Not believing in such a view is called stinginess. stinginess is
good Elemental stinginess is fine. This stinginess is good. Than
stinginess is called stinginess. That stinginess, which a person has
abandoned, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from happening. burned with
fire is the soul, that person is called who is not stingy. Therefore it
is called one who is not ambitious, is not stingy.
[399] is called
anger, in the word one who is not arrogant, is not. There are three
kinds of anger: bodily rage, verbal rage, mental rage 1. What is bodily
rage? This is in the monks, in the church, in the shed, in the
firehouse, in the watershed, in the direction of the neighborhood. Well,
as soon as he enters the neighborhood, he shows his bodily fervor. How
does a monk in the Sangha show physical aggression? Some bhikkhus in
this Dhamma and Discipline are in the Sangha, without fear. standing
next to some elder monks sit and squeeze some elder monks

stand in front sit in front Sit on a high asana He sat over his head,
stood firm (not stooped), spoke, raised his arms and spoke. monks in the
sanctuary Show physical rage like this. How does a monk in the faculty
show physical rage? Some bhikkhus in this Dharma and Discipline are in
the community, do not fear. When the Thera monks were walking without
shoes put on his shoes and walked When the Thera monks walk in the low
walk in the high court When the Thera monks walk live on land He walked
in the courtroom, stood huddled, sat huddled, hid his face, and sat in
front of him. Sit on a high asana Sit with your head covered. stand firm
and speak Shaking his arms and speaking, the monks in this group showed
bodily fervor. How does a monk in my school show my physical fervor?
Some bhikkhus in this Dhamma and Discipline are in the house, do not
fear, sit and interfere with some monks who are elders. sitting
sidelined asana Some of the monks who were navaka, some stood pressed,
some sat pressed. stand in front Some sit in front of their faces, sit
on high asanas. Sit with your head covered. stand firm and speak waving
his arms to speak The monks are in my shed. Show physical rage like
this. How does a monk in a firehouse show physical rage? Some bhikkhus
in this Dharma and Discipline are in the firehouse without fear.
standing next to some elder monks Sit and squeeze some elder monks, some
stand in front of them. sit in front Sit on a high asana He didn\'t
tell, then put some firewood. No, told him first and then closed the
door. A bhikkhu in a firehouse shows his bodily fervor. How does a monk
at the waterfront show his bodily fervor? Some bhikkhus in this Dharma
and Discipline are at the watershed, not showing any fear. to push down
some elder monks Some down in front, some bathe, some bathe in front,
some shower over the water. get up up ahead Ascending above the water,
some monks at the water jet showed their bodily fervor. How does a monk
entering the neighborhood show physical fervor? Some bhikkhus in this
Dharma and Discipline are marching towards the neighborhood. Without
fear, he walked past some elder monks, walked in front of them, walked
up in front of some elder monks. The monks were entering the
neighborhood to express Physical fiery like this. How does a monk enter
the neighborhood and show his bodily fervor? Some of the bhikkhus in
this Dharma and Discipline have gone to the neighborhood. when he did
not say Go in, Lord, go in. He does not say to stand, Lord, when he does
not stand. than sit down Worn to stand in the presence of an
opportunity. It\'s not a good opportunity to sit in a place. prudent
into the secret chamber of the family, which is the seat of the woman of
the clan, the daughter of the clan, the daughter-in-law of the baby
clan. Some of the monks grabbed the children\'s heads, and some monks
went into the neighborhood and expressed their anger. This physical form
is called bodily aggression. What is verbal arrogance? Some monks in
this Dharma-discipline are in the Sangha, or are in the Sangha.

Well, it\'s good to enter the neighborhood. You show verbal fervor. How
does a monk in the Sangha express verbal fervor? Some bhikkhus in this
Dhamma and Discipline are in the Sangha, without fear. did not tell the
monks who were elders before Or, as invited by the monks who are senior
monks in the monastery, he solved the problem by himself, chanted the
Patimokkha himself, stood firm, spoke, and swayed. some talking arms
Bhikkhus in the Sangha show such arrogance in speech. How does a monk in
the faculty show verbal fervor? Some bhikkhus in this Dharma and
Discipline are in the community, do not fear. did not tell the monks who
were elders before Or, which the elder monks did not invite, preached
the Dharma to the monks in the monastery, solved the problem by
themselves, stood firm and spoke, raised their arms and spoke, and
taught the Dharma. to all the nuns in the monastery preaching the Dharma
to all the devotees in the monastery He preached the Dharma to the
upasikas in the monastery, solved the problem himself, stood stiff and
spoke, raising his arms and speaking, some of the monks were in this
verbal arrogance. . How does a monk enter the neighborhood and express
verbal fervor? Some monks in the Dharma This Discipline has entered
Salou and has gone through the house and spoke to some women. There is
such a pedigree What things are there? Is there a yakumi, is there food,
is there something that should be chewed? What shall we drink? What
shall we eat? What shall we chew? What shall we have? or what will you
give us? monks enter Neighborhoods showing verbal agitation in this way
is called verbal agitation. Why is the mental arrogance? Some monks in
this Dhamma and Discipline are not priests from the noble family, they
have the same mind as the monks who are ordained from the noble family.
a monk from a large family His mind was like a bhikkhu who was ordained
from a large family. He is not a monk who is ordained from a very
wealthy family, but has a mind like a monk who is ordained from a very
wealthy family. not a monk from The family has great wealth and has a
mind like a monk who has been ordained from the family. have great
wealth Not a person who remembers the sutras, has the same mindset as a
monk who remembers the sutras, is not a disciple of the Vinaya... not
the Dharma. He is the holder of the alms round, the observant \... not
the one who holds the alms round, the alms round \... not the holder of
the requiem robes ...not a person who holds the three robes as a
relic...not a traveler Alms go in the order of the alley as a ritual The
next dinner is a routine...not a person. He does not lie in the rituals
\... not the one who holds the sanasana which he arranges for the
rituals \... not the one who obtains the first meditation, etc. not a
person with the concept of the contract have a mind like a monk who got
the concept of the contract This is called mental agitation. These three
kinds of rage, which one has abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed,
should not arise. Burned with the fire is wisdom. That person is called
a person who is not angry, hence the name is word who is not angry. and
not be offensive.
[400] The word unsavory means that there is a person
who is disgusted. There is disgust.

Why is that person disgusted? Some people in this world are immoral,
sinful, and have unclean behavior that should be remembered with
cautiousness. having concealed work, not a priest, vows to be a priest,
not a priest The one who practiced chastity vowed to practice chastity.
One who is rotten within, with a soft mind with a dreadful lust, this
human tissue is called loathsome. . one more thing angry person very
resentful Being criticized for the slightest, he becomes displeased,
angered, greedy, hostile, makes his anger, resentment, and displeasure
appear. This person is called the loathsome. on the other hand, a person
is a Anger binds anger, denigrates Lu Z, is envious, stingy, boasts. Has
courtesy as a borrower They are arrogant, have lewd desires, have wrong
views, have their own views. stubborn have a hard time giving up This
person is called who are offensive. It is a person who is not insulted.
Why is that? Patimok Sangwon Arrived with Achara and orbit. Seeing the
danger in the punishments is few, meditating, studying in the sekkhas.
This person is called a person who is not abusive. E. On the other hand,
a person is not angry Great resentment, not offended, does not offend,
does not offend, does not insult, does not hurt, does not offend, does
not insult, does not Pleased to appear. This person is called a person
who is not insulted. Another E. A person who does not hold anger, does
not get angry, does not get angry, does not disgrace, does not condemn,
is not jealous, is not stingy, is not boastful, has no manners, is not
harsh, does not Selfish, has no obscene desires, has no wrong views,
does not hold his own opinion. There is no stubbornness, easy
renunciation. This person is called the unadulterated, loathsome. All
noble people, including the layman, are called indifferent. insulting,
hence the name The person who is not arrogant is not insulting. E.
Concerning the slanderer
[401] is called the person who has bad
speech. in the word and does not consist of a person who has a
slanderous speech, be aware of the following explanation: Some people in
this world one who has slanderous speech, that is, listens from this
side then go and tell over there to destroy this group Or listen from
over there and tell me here to destroy people. The group was a
messenger. Destroy people who are in unison, some support people who are
different, some like people who fight. Congratulations to those who
fight. Pleni A person who is a combatant is the one who makes a fight.
This is called being offensive. one A person slanders him for two
reasons: one with the intention of being loved, one with a different
purpose. . How does a person introduce slander with the intent of being
endearing? Person bringing a bad word entered with the intention of
being endearing like this: We shall be endearing, pleasing, communion,
inwardly, pleasing to this person. Be like this.

How does a person want him to be different? A person wants him to be
different, so these people should be different, split into two
divisions. Two factions, two sides, how should these people be
different? not in harmony Let it be troubled and unsatisfactory.
Individuals *want them to be different, bringing sneaky words into it.
This slander, whoever, abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, thus
causing it to arise, is burned by the fire of wisdom, that person does
not engage. Not All Assembled Not Assembled Not Assembled in being
sarcastic, therefore called slanderous and not included in slanderous
speech. The Blessed One said, A person is a person who avoids and does
not deceive. Soaring, not stingy, not fiery, not loathsome. and does not
engage in being a person with slanderous speech. It does not consist in
arrogance, meticulousness, prudence, not trusting anyone, and
unrelenting. Concerning the 5 sensual qualities
[403] The five sensual
qualities are called the body. It is pleasing to say that a person does
not enjoy material pleasure. Because gods and humans do not have the
desire for pleasure, love, and affection for most of the five sense
pleasures. For that reason, the five senses are called objects of
attraction. Rejoicing, goodness is* that desire, which those who have
not yet given up, are lustful, flowing, flowing, leading to the eye.
There is a flow of passion, it flows, goes through the ears, there is a
flow of passion. Flowing in the direction of the nostrils, lust flows
and flows. To the tongue, there is lust that flows, flows, flows, goes
through the body, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows,
flows, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows, flows,
flowing, flowing, going towards the mind. Delight is that desire, which
is abandoned, cut off, calmed, settled, and done. should not arise,
burned and destroyed by the fire that is insight, those people have no
lust to flow, to flow, towards the eye, not to flow, to flow, to move.
flowing, going through the ears, without the stalk of lust, flowing,
going through the nose, without the flow of lust, moving toward the
tongue. There is no voluptuous lust, no ebb and flow, no bodily
enthusiasm, no dharmic lust, ebb and flow, hence the name is one who
does not delight in material things. Concerning blasphemy
[404] The
word does not constitute blasphemy, what does blasphemy mean? People-
\*Some people in this world It would insult others by nationality, by
clan, etc., by some object. arrogance, arrogance Possession The rise,
the rise, the arrogance as the flag, the exaltation, the desire of the
mind as the top flag, this is called blasphemy. which any person cuts
off the peace and prevents it from happening, should be burned then by
fire is that person\'s soul

Not assembled Not assembled Not assembled Not assembled Not assembled in
blasphemy, therefore it is called not engaging in blasphemy.
[405] The
word elaborate is known as the elaborate. because it consists of
acrobatic speech organic phyllojong The Noble Eightfold Path Therefore,
it is called a person who has three types of intelligence.
[406] The
word prudent means that a person has three types of intelligence,
namely, a person who has insight, one person has insight. Because of the
abstinence 1. A person is enlightened because of the highness 1. Why is
a person enlightened because of the enlightenment? Some people in this
religion have learned the Buddha\'s words, namely Sutta, Kayya,
Veyakarana, kata, ejaculate, itivuttaka, jataka, upbhutadhamma, Vedalla.
It\'s clear because it\'s based on the rules. This person\'s name is One
who is enlightened because of emptiness. Why is a person enlightened by
enlightenment? Some people in this religion as the inquirer in their own
interests in the benefits that should be known, in the nature, in the
cause, in the position and in the status A person\'s intellect is clear
because of that inquiry. This person\'s name is One who is intelligent
because of ignorance. Why is a person virtuous because of Divine? Some
people in this religion He has attained all the dharmas, namely the 4
foundations of mindfulness, the 4 rightness, the 4 eagles, the 5
strengths, the 5 Bojjaga, the 7 Noble Eightfold Path, the 8 Samanyaphon,
and the 4 Patience. 4 Apinya 6 That person knows the meaning, knows the
Dharma, knows the Niruti. When he knows the meaning, he clarifies. When
he knows the Dharma, he reveals. Knowing Nirutin Niruti, it is clear.
Wisdom in meaning, Dharma, and Niruti, these three are called
Patiphanapatisampida. Any person who has accessed, accessed, ready,
entered with, reached, reached, ready, assembled, by this interaction,
the person is called a person with good governance. A person who does
not have a degree Ripu has no passion. What spirit will be revealed? to
that person, therefore it is called a prudent person. With knowledge of
the Dhamma, one must not believe any other person.
[407] The word is
not. Believing in anyone in the word, do not believe anyone, does not
disengage, meaning that a monk does not believe in self-righteous
doctrine. Other people who are ascetics, brahmins, devas, Mara or
Brahmas, do not believe in the Dhamma that is fully self-aware. which
manifests itself as All bodies are not equal. D...all sankharas are
b...all dharmas are selfless...because ignorance is Factors are
sankhara, etc. because life is a factor. therefore, there is old age and
death because the nation dies of old age \...this suffering, etc., this
practice leads to the cessation of these sufferings, taints, etc. This
practice leads to the cessation of taints ... These dhammas should be
fully known, etc. These dhammas should be made known to anyone who is a
monk or a brat. Hman, deva, Mara, or Brahma and Maica, the name of the
Dharma that is best known by oneself, which is manifested to oneself,
namely birth, cessation, grace, guilt, and deceit.

The six senses of contact and birth, cessation, virtue, guilt,
deception, the five aggregates of clinging and birth. The extinction of
the four forms of the Great Spirit against anyone else who is a monk,
brahmin, deva, Mara, or Brahma, and does not believe in the Dhamma.
Self-awareness that manifests to oneself that something happens.
Naturally, all things have The cessation is natural to anyone else who
is a monk, brahmin, deva, Mara, or Brahma. Indeed, as the Blessed One
said, Sariputra, you are. Do you believe that Satinsee Wiriyintree
Stintree Samadhanasee Panyintree that a person has developed? Made a lot
of it, it\'s nature, descending to immortality. with immortality in the
foreground The most immortal. Phra Sariputra said that Reverend Sir, in
this verse I do not refer to the belief in the Blessed One that
Sandintree Viriyintree Stinsee Samadhi, Panintree, a developed person.
Made a lot of it, it\'s nature, descending to immortality. with
immortality in the foreground The most immortal. O Lord, virtuous,
virtuous, from that very beginning, those peoples do not know, do not
see, do not know, do not understand. chong It is not right, by those
intellectuals, the beliefs of others in that verse are sure to be true.
Etc. wisdom that a person has developed already made a lot It is a
quality that descends to immortality. There is immortality in the
foreground, there is immortality in the foreground. Blessed One, as
regards the Trustees, whoever knows, sees, knows, makes them right. Then
with wisdom, those peoples had no doubt in that matter that Satintree
... wisdom ... that Grown up person already made a lot It is a virtue
that descends to immortality, is immortal, is the forerunner, is
immortal. . Trees and so on, I know, know, make it right with wisdom. I
have no doubt in that matter that Satintree \... wisdom that a person
has developed. already made a lot It is a virtue that descends to
immortality, is immortal, is the forerunner, is immortal. The Blessed
One said that the Sariputra was ignored, the truth, the faith, etc.,
which of those people did not know. See, don\'t know, don\'t inform,
don\'t make it right, then by the wisdom of those peoples, they should
refer to their beliefs about others in that verse. Ya Sattinsee, etc.,
wisdom that people have developed a lot and become a virtue that
descends to immortality. Immortality is in the foreground. There are
four immortals. the Blessed One, the Blessed One When this proverb was
finished speaking therefore spoke a spell It goes on to say that any
person who is unfaithful to anyone knows that nirvana cannot be done by
any factor. Eliminate the opportunity, the hope is gone, that person is
called the supreme man as follows. Meaning that all ordinary people are
greedy, seven classes of sekhas, including female ladies. relax Arahants
do not want Both do not relax. monk

An arahant is called the one who abstains from lust, free from lust,
free from hatred, free from hatred, free from delusion, free from
delusion. end of virginity There is a well-behaved conduct, etc., there
is no new world, therefore it is called \"unnamed, unrelenting\".
because of that The Blessed One said that a person who does not have
pleasure Objects are welcomed. It does not engage in blasphemy.
[408]
Person who does not study because he wants to gain wealth, not get angry
because he does not gain wealth; he who does not get angry, and is not
attracted to tastes because of lust. in the word They should not study
because they want to gain good fortune. Not being angry because of not
getting wealth as follows: How does a person study because he wants to
gain wealth? Here, bhikkhus, a bhikkhu, in this Dharma and Discipline,
sees a bhikkhu who has received a robe, alms bowl, sanasana, and
medicinal necessities. She had this idea, for what reason? So this
person got the robe, alms round, sena and khilān shua - a *pharmacist.
She had this desire, for what reason? This person recited the sutra,
therefore this person received the Senasana alms robe and the medicinal
necessities that she hoped to be loved, she said. Studying the Sutra
because of good fortune because of the factor of good fortune because of
the destiny of fortune, because of the emergence of fortune. A monk
studies because he wants to gain wealth, even this way. A monk sees a
monk who has received a robe, alms, senasana, and medicinal necessities.
She has passion So what is the reason for this? Kilan Factor
Pharmacovigilance. She had this idea: This person is the person who
remembers the discipline, etc. This person is the person who remembers
the Abhidhamma, therefore this person has a robe. Bindabat, Senasana and
Kilan -* Factors in Pharmacokinetics. She hoped to get a fortune and
learned the Abhidhamma. because of good fortune because of the factor of
good fortune because of the cause of fortune and because of the
occurrence of good fortune. A monk studies because of desire and gain
even this way. The bhikkhu saw a monk who had received a robe, alms,
sanas, and kilana pharmacological factors\*. She had this idea: For what
reason? So this person received robes, alms, senas, and kilanpai.
Pharmacist. She has this in mind that this person is a person who holds
a monastic stay in the forest. alms round as an observance of the three
robes Offering alms in the order of the alley as a ritual, not the next
supper. to observe sitting as a observance; How is the leg arranged as a
ritual? Therefore, this person receives robes, alms, senas, and
ceremonies. Pharmacist. She hopes to get good fortune, is the holder of
the forest as a regular, etc., is the holder. in the sanasana which he
arranges as a ritual because of his wealth because of the factor of
wealth and because of the occurrence of fortune. Even this way, monks
study because of the desire to gain wealth.

How does a monk not study because he wants to gain good fortune? A monk
does not study because of wealth, does not study because of wealth
factor. did not study because of good fortune did not study because of
the occurrence of good fortune do not expect good fortune Yom learns the
sutra. Yom learns the discipline only to study the Abhidhamma for the
benefit of cultivating one\'s self, in order to calm one\'s self, so
that he may pass nirvana alone. this. A monk does not study because of
his wealth. Do not study because of the factors of good fortune, do not
study because of wealth, do not study because of the occurrence of good
fortune, do not expect to get a fortune. A. Staying in the forest is a
regular basis. hold the alms round as a ritual holding a requiem as a
observance take the three robes as a ritual not regarded as a rite after
a rite, occupying a sitting as a rite, occupying the sanasana that he
orchestrated as a rite, based on little desire, solitude, and prudence.
Desires, seclusion, being a person who wants only with this merit. A
monk does not study because he wants to gain good fortune Therefore, it
is said that he does not study because he wants to gain wealth.
concerning anger because of not gaining wealth
[410] Be aware of
judgment in the word Not angry because of not gaining as follows: A
person is angry because he does not How is it smart? Some monks in this
Dharma and Discipline are also angry, resentful, resentful, making their
anger, resentment, and displeasure appear as if we are unable to obtain
their family. No wealth, no wealth, no rank, no praise, no happiness, no
robe, no alms. did not sana No pharmacokinetics factor No, a person is a
noble person. We are famous and do not appear. People get angry because
they don\'t get such a fortune. How are you not angry because you
didn\'t get a fortune? In this Dhamma and Discipline, a bhikkhu does not
get angry, does not offend, does not hate. The mind does not make anger,
conflict. Resentment and displeasure appear that we no family, no clan,
no abbot, no fortune, no rank, no honor, no robe, no alms, no
Chasenasana Maijai Chakhilana Factors in Pharmacokinetics No, a person
is a reference. We are a person who does not appear famous. A person
does not get angry because he does not get such a fortune, hence the
name. that the person do not study because they want to gain good
fortune Don\'t get angry because you don\'t get good fortune. on wrath

[411] The word wrath in the word \"non-wrathful\" These are malice,
malice, resentment, resentment, universal resentment, always resentment,
hatred, universal hatred, always hatred, vengeance. be mindful mayhem in
mind Anger vindictive, vindictive, vengeful behavior vindictiveness,
wrath, resentment, malice evil speech This displeasure of the mind is
called wrath. That wrath, which a person has cut off, calmed, settled,
thus should not arise and burn. Fire is the soul. That person.

It is called the one who does not envy. The name is lust, which is the
form of passion, the passion, the gandha, the tang, the tang, the
dharma, the tanha, the taste, the root, the flavor. Stem, bark flavor,
leaf flavor, flower flavor, fruit flavor, sour taste, sweet taste,
bitter taste, hot and salty taste, salty taste, bitter taste, astringent
taste, pleasant taste, unpalatable taste. The taste is cold, the taste
is hot. Some ascetics and brahmins are fascinated by the taste, and with
the tip of their fingers, they go in search of the best taste. If you
get a sour taste, you look for a taste that is not sour. Not sour, seek
sour taste. Tastes sweet, seeks unsweetened taste. If the taste is not
sweet, then seeks the taste. Sweet, one seeks bitter, one seeks not
bitter; one seeks not bitter; one seeks bitter; one seeks spiciness, one
seeks neither spiciness; hot, not spicier. ok Seeking hot spicy. Tasted
salty, sought not salty; tasted not salty, sought salty. If you get a
taste, you look for a taste that doesn\'t taste bad. Seeking
unsatisfactory taste, seeking tastiness, seeking tartness, seeking
tartness, seeking tartness. One who finds tasty, seeks unpalatable; one
who does not tastes, seeks tasty. Tastes cool, looks for hot. To taste
hot, seek cool taste. Ascetics and brahmins, they have no taste.
Delighted with that flavor, he seeks other flavors as his desire,
desires, delights, enthralls, enthralls, entangles, entangles in the
pleasing tastes. The craving for taste, which one has abandoned,
severed, calmed, settled, thus causing it to arise, is burned by the
fire of wisdom, has considered it with wisdom. I can\'t eat my food. to
play the wood, to screw the wood, to decorate me to decorate me for this
body, so that this body is for the elimination of hardships, for
Courtesy of the Virgins only with words We will heal the old feelings,
no new feelings arise. To be blameless, our well-being will be
circumscribed. As follows. People apply the wound to sink the skin. a
wagon axle to carry the burden of the cannibals food to get out of the
wilderness Just as a bhikkhu considers with wisdom, then Food is me, not
me for fun. Not me to get drunk, not me to decorate, not me to decorate
me to this body for this body to be to alleviate the difficulties In
order to pay tribute to the holy life only with the grace that we will
heal the old, broken feelings. will not let any new suffering arise.
progress impunity our comfort There will be a scheme as follows: easing,
alleviating, ending the craving. to reach the absence afterwards, to
abstain, to abstain, to leave, to shake off, to be liberated from He has
a mind free from the realm of defilements, therefore he is called one
who is not wrathful and is not attracted to the taste of lust. because
of that The Blessed One said, People do not study because they want to
learn. One who does not get angry because he does not gain wealth, is
not angry and is not attracted to the taste of lust.
[412] A person is
equanimous, mindful at all times. Doesn\'t matter always, he doesn\'t
matter, he\'s better than him, doesn\'t matter if he\'s inferior, in the
world all the thick desires MMG to that person. Concerning equanimity 6


[413] The word equanimity in the word person is equanimous. every time
He is equanimous, having six entities, that is, he sees a form with the
eye, does not rejoice, does not grieve, is indifferent, is mindful and
comprehends. Sound with ears, smell with my mouth. taste with finger
That\'s right. With the body enlightening the Dharma by mind, not happy,
not sad, indifferent, mindful and comprehensible. With the eye, he does
not like it, is not pleased, does not allow sensuality to arise. The
body of a person is established (not shaken), the mind is attained
within, it is beyond wonderful. Incidentally, I saw a picture I didn\'t
like. mind with eyes He does not grieve, does not get angry, does not
become dismayed, does not take vengeance. The body of a person is
settled, the mind is well established within the wonderful state. regret
to please with the ears inhaling the smell I like it Taste what is
pleasing with the right tongue, touch what is pleasing with the body
enlightened by the Dharma. If you are satisfied with your heart, you
will not be attracted to it, will not be pleased, will not let
sensuality arise. The body of a person is settled, the mind is at rest,
within it is beyond wonderful. Having enlightened the dharma that he
does not like with his heart, he does not regret, does not get angry,
does not shrink, is not vengeful. The person\'s body is set up, the mind
is set. Existing well within the wonderful well. I have seen the picture
with my eyes. The person\'s body is idle in the form. Satisfied and
displeased, the mind is indifferent within the wonderful state. He hears
sounds with his ears, smells smells with his nose. taste with tongue
rightly touch with the body Knowing the Dharma by heart The body of a
person is indifferent in the mind that likes and dislikes, the mind is
indifferent, inwardly well-established, having seen form with the eye.
Then it doesn\'t matter. Emotional preference is the place of desire.
Determined not to be offended in the mood is the location of resentment.
into the mood is the place of delusion, not anger in the emotion anger
not sad in the mood The place of sorrow, not intoxicated with emotions,
is the place of intoxication. Hearing with the ears, smelling with the
nose, tasting with the tongue, touching with the body, enlightening the
Dharma. The mind is not lustful. In the mood is the place of lust, not
offended, in the mood is the place of resentment. Down in the mood is
the place of delusion, not anger in the mood. The set of anger is not
sorrowful in good mood That person is not intoxicated in the mood of
intoxication. It is only to see in form, to see, to hear, to hear, to
know only by smell, taste, and touch. It is only enlightened in the
enlightened Dharma. Not attached to forms seen, not attached to sounds,
not attached to smells and tactile sensations, not attached to the
enlightened mind. Ditthi does not dwell, is not entangled, is free, is
not related. It is in form that is perfect, free from realm, defilement.
It does not hit the lusts, the lusts, the views, does not dwell, is not
entangled, is completely unrelated to the sounds that are heard. in
smell, taste, and touch in the enlightened dharma There is a mind free
from the realm of defilements. Arahants have eyes to appear. You can see
images with your eyes. but I don\'t have me Have a wonderful mind
already. Ears appear, sounds can be heard with ears. But I don\'t have a
natdraga, I have a mind that has gone beyond magic. A nose appears, I
inhale soft smells with my nose, but I have no qi, I have a wonderful
mind. A tongue appears and tastes

with the tongue, but not with the sensibility Have a wonderful mind
already. Having a body appears, it is right to touch it with the body.
but I don\'t have me Have a wonderful mind already. Having a mind
manifested, one can enlighten the Dhamma by the heart, but does not have
it. The splendid is gone. The natural eye is delighted in form of
admiration in the form of an *arahant, trained, guarded, guarded,
comprehending the eye, and teaches the Dhamma for the comprehension of
the eye. Ears naturally like sound. The nose naturally likes to smell.
The tongue naturally likes the taste. The body is natural, loves to
touch, the mind is natural and natural. welcome to the Dharma admiring
the dharma Arahants practice, protect, maintain, comprehend, and preach
the dharma for that composure. as true as the Blessed One said. The
people will take the vehicles they have trained to the meeting place.
the king ascended The vehicle he trained Then the person who has trained
to withstand slanderous remarks He is the noblest among human beings. Ma
Asdorn, Ma Sinthop, the charismatic elephant, the Great Chang Kunchorn,
whom he has trained. being a noble animal trained person nobler than
those animals. One should not reach nirvana, which is the direction that
has never been on those vehicles, like a trained person. Having a self
trained, well trained, one can reach. An Arahant does not waver in mana.
He was freed from the new world. one who has attained the tamed realm.
1- Those arhats are saviors. Well, in the world, whoever cultivates the
organics In all worlds, both internally and externally, one is trained
to know the world. this and the Hereafter Waiting for death. Therefore,
he is known as a layman. The word always means, at any time, in all
times, forever, forever, forever, etc., in the latter years. The word
mindful is one who is mindful for four reasons, that is, when he
develops kayanupassana satipatthana in the body. It\'s called sane. when
cultivating vedananupassana satipatthana in feeling All are called
mindful when cultivating. Cittanupassana-satipattana in the mind is
called mindfulness, when cultivating Dhammanu-passana-* satipatthana in
all dharmas, it is called mindfulness, etc. That is called being
mindful. Therefore, it is called being wise. Concerning Mana
[414] The
word does not matter as he \... in the world means that it does not
imply that it is born by some life \@1. Arahatphon, by clan, etc., by
any object, that we are equal to him, therefore it is called irrelevant.
Always follow him \... in the world.
[415] The word does not matter,
which is better than him does not matter. that being lower than him
means that he is not looking blasphemy by some nation, by some clan,
etc., by some object, that we are better than them.

It is not convincing to arise by some nationality, by some clan, etc. by
some object. We are inferior to him, therefore our name is
insignificant. that he is better than him is not important than him.
Concerning the seven major defilements
[416] that word in the word
\"great defilements\" does not affect that person, namely the Arahant
Khina Sor. All the thick defilements are defilements. There are seven
such things: lust, hatred, greed, mana, ditthi, defilements, and these
thick defilements are not, neither does, does not appear, does not enter
into the person, it is a sinful nature. That person has abandoned, cut
off, calmed, suppressed, so it shouldn\'t happen. It has been burned by
the fire of wisdom, therefore it is called that no thick defilements are
available to that person. because of that The Blessed One said, A person
is equanimous, mindful at all times. It doesn\'t matter, always, he
doesn\'t matter, who is better than him, does not matter if he is
inferior, in the world the thick desires are not. available to that
person.
[417] Whoever does not have Knowing the Dhamma, he does not
dwell without desire in the existence and in the absence of existence.
on residence
[418] The word \"who\" in the word \"who\" is not
Residing is an Arahant Khina whose name is There are two kinds of
habits, namely lust, habits, attitudes, etc. This is called lust,
habits, etc. This is named Chaditthinit. One who abandons his habit,
abandons his habit, because he abandons his habit, abandons his habit,
does not exist, does not appear, does not go to anyone else. Whoever is
cut off, calmed and prevented should arise, is burned by the fire of
wisdom, hence the name who has no dependence.
[419] The word known in
the word enlightened does not rely on knowing, knowing, considering,
comparing, clarifying, making clear. I think that all body parts are not
equal. D...all sankharas are suffering... All dharmas are non-self,
etc.; know, know, consider, compare, clarify, make it clear. Something
is happening Naturally, all things are naturally extinguished. The word
non-dependency consists of two habits: craving habits, attitudes, etc.
This is called craving habits, etc. This is called attitude habits.
Whoever neglects his habits give up attitude Non-resident not entangled,
not inaccessible, not attracted to, not willing to go out, renounce
relating to the eye, ear, nose, tongue, body, mind, form, sound, smell,
taste, touch, family, clergy, abbot, etc., sights, sounds, sounds,
smells, tastes, and known touches. The enlightened dharma is the one who
makes it free from the realm of defilements, therefore it is called
enlightenment and not relying on it. Concerning lust
[420] It is
called lust, in the word there is no lust in the world. and in the
absence of the world is

Form of craving, Sattanaha, Gandha, Craving, Craving, Touching, Craving,
Dharma, craving. The word in the world is in the Bhavaditthi, the word
in the absence of the world is in Vibhavadithi. The word in the absence
of the world is in the uphea- *ditthi. The word in the world is in the
frequent birth. in frequent In frequent occurrences, in frequent
fertilization, in which the existence occurs frequently Whoever cuts
off, calms, suppresses, causes it to arise, is burned by fire is the
knowledge, therefore, whoever does not because of craving in the world
and in the absence of the world The Blessed One said, Who does not have
a residence knowing the Dharma and not relying on there is no desire in
the world, and in the absence of the world.
[421] I say that person
who is not envious of sensual pleasures is n, who is at peace, lusts.
All bindings are intact. that person has bypassed The desire that is
called visatika.
[422] The word I speak of that person \... as a
peacemaker means that I speak, speak, show, declare. Calm, calm, quiet,
quenched, quenched. Therefore, I call that person \... a person who is
at peace. Concerning eroticism 2
[423] by exclaiming that sensuality,
in the word one who does not pay attention to sensual pleasures, there
are two types of sensual objects: sensual object, sensual desire, etc.
These are called erotic objects, etc. Than from passion. That person has
established the sense of sensuality, renounced, alleviated, and put an
end to the afterlife, which defilement is called a person who does not
care. In all sensual pleasures, one is free from renunciation, vomiting,
renunciation, renunciation. Then one who is free from vomit,
relinquishes his lust, and becomes a person who is* cured of hunger,
quenched, cooled, enjoying happiness, having oneself as Therefore, he is
called the one who is not conceived in all sensual pleasures. The one
who governs the four attachments is called defilements. intertwined in
the word desires, there is no binding to that person is the passion Four
thousand things, namely defilements, physical attachments, which is
covetousness. Vengeance Silabpoda parama it sajjabinives (the conviction
that this is true). The desire for one\'s dodhi is called the physical
attachment of defilement, which is Abhijha. Vengeance, displeasure in
the words of other peoples is called the physical attachment of
defilements, which is malice. Adhering to the precepts, or asceticism,
or one\'s precepts and ceremonies, is called the physical attachment of
defilements, which is color One\'s view is called defilements, the
attachment of the body, that is sajja binives. That word is Phra Arhat
Khina Sor. The word lustful attachments are not for that person, meaning
that lustful attachments are not

does not exist, does not appear, does not enter, that is, defilement,
that person is abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, causing it to
arise, burned with fire. is wisdom, therefore it is called that all
defilements are not available to that person. Concerning lust, there are
different names.
[425] The word that one has crossed over the lust
called visatika, meaning that lust is called lust. Vavisattika, i.e.
lust, saraga, etc. Apichha Lobha Akusolmun The word visattika means
because of what is the meaning? Therefore craving is called visatika.
because it seems to spread; because it seems to be uneven because of the
possession because the meaning is reflected because of the reason that
it is a reason to say something wrong, because it has a poisonous root
because it has a toxic effect because there is a machine Toxic
consumption Therefore, craving is called Visatika. That craving spreads
in forms, sounds, smells, tastes, touches, clans, abbots, etc., and
permeates into forms where sounds can be seen and heard. known flavor
The enlightened dharma, therefore craving is called visattika. which is
called visattika, that person has crossed over, has gone beyond lust
This is called visatika, therefore, that person has crossed over the
craving called visatika. because of that The Blessed One said, We refer
to that person who is not In all sensual pleasures, I am a man, I am at
peace, all desires are not binding. to that person, that person has
crossed the lust which is called visatika
[426] Children, cattle,
farms and land are not available to that person. Attitthi is good
Nirattitthi is good inevitable in that person. concerning children, etc.

[427] The word in the word son, farm and land is not good to that
person is negativity. . The name sons consist of four classes of sons,
namely, a child born only to oneself, a child born in the region, a
child born in the field, a child born in a court, 1. The word cattle is
goat, sheep, kai. Swine, Chang, Cattle, Horses, Donkeys Glutinous rice
plantation, weed rice field, sesame plantation. The word land is the
house, the barn at the front of the house, the back of the house, the
garden, the address. The word son. Livestock, farm and land are not
available to that person. i.e. clinging to children, clinging to cattle,
clinging to the farm, clinging to the land, neither exists nor does it
appear, is not accessible to that person; It has been cut off, calmed,
suppressed, causing it not to arise; it has been burned by the fire of
wisdom; therefore it is called the son, the cattle, the field, and the
land is unaffected. until that person


[428] Sassatitthi is called atta, in the word attadithi. Nirattitthi
is good inevitable In such person, there is no capacity. There is no
such thing as the ultimate self. There is nothing to let go of the name
Nirat. There is no death. It is not for any person. You can\'t let it
go. To that person, what should be released will not affect any person,
what should be held, will not have. to that person. that person who is
an arahant He has taken hold and let go, has passed away prosperity and
decay. The person is already over. Having a well-behaved conduct, etc.,
a new world does not exist for that person, therefore it is called
Attitthi. Nirattitthi is good would not be able to enter that person.
Because of that The Blessed One said, Children of cattle, farms and land
are not allowed. for that person attitthi is good Nirattitthi is good
inevitable in that person.
[429] mortals, both monks and brahmins
Whatever penalty should be said, that penalty does not surround that
person, therefore that person does not trembling because All words.

[430] The word mortals, in the words mortals, both recluses and
brahmins, should be said by any penalty, for what purpose? hence the
name ordinary people. because of the view that thick desires are born
because of the view that he is a person who has a very unsettled
tattooed body; because he is the one who chooses the face of the Master
because he is the one who holds all the precepts very much because of
the meaning, because there are many kinds of abhisankhara, because the
meaning is floating because of the many defilements Trouble because
Desires cause many different passions because they are determined,
happy, contented, passionate, enamored with Koh Koey. They are highly
entangled in the five qualities of sensual pleasures, because they are
bound by the five hundred impermanents, enveloping them, thus being
called ordinary people. one who has access To be accompanied by
ordination outside this religion is called a monk. Any group of people
who claim to be a virtuous person is called a Brahmin. I. The term
mortals, both monks and brahmins Whatever the punishment should be said
by the mortals, by lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, utdha, whatever
deeds, and by whatever monuments, they should be the judges.
Appointment, offended, passionate, bound, hold on to the distraction to
the uncertainty or reached by strength. Why was that person born in
Hell? in the birth of the devil Born in the Pretavism, a human being, a
deity, a being. is a shapeless animal is an animal contract an
anesthetized animal It is an anesthetic anesthetizes animals. A person
has no cause, no condition, no circumstance, that is to say, to speak,
to express, to declare, therefore, all mortals. monks and brahmins
should be said under any penalty. Regarding the Arahant, there is no
penalty
[431] that word in the word that punishment does not surround
that person, namely: Phra Arahant Khina Sor.

The name encompasses two kinds of surroundings, one being the
environment of passion. The encompassing of views, this one is called
the encompassing of lust, etc. This is the encompassing of views.
surrounded by lust I have given up on the surroundings of view. because
he is the one who abandons the surroundings of lust Having relinquished
the surroundings of view, he did not indulge in craving, and looked
ahead, that is, he who had no desire was the flag. No passion is the top
flag. No passion is great. There is no view as a victory flag, no view
as a flag of the top of the tree. Ditthi is a great person, not a person
who has a desire. Seek or look around travel, therefore it is called
that punishment does not surround that person. One is not shaken by
words; therefore, because of that because of that Because of that
factor, because of that story, that person is not shaken, that is, does
not waver, does not tilt, does not tilt, does not tremble, does not
shake, because of words, because of all objections. That is, because of
gossip, reproach, and lack of praise, not praising the virtues, hence
the name that one is not moved in Because of all the words because of
that The Blessed One said, mortals, both monks and brahmins Whatever
punishment should be said, that punishment does not surround that
person, therefore that person is not moved by words.
[433] That person
is a muni. without lust, not stingy, not mentioned in being taller than
him not talking about being equal, not talking about being inferior, he
is a person who has no desire Q demanding
[434] Lust is called lust in
the word lustless. Not stingy, such as lust, saraga, etc. That lust,
which a person has abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed, why should it
not arise? Burned with fire is the spirit. that person is called the
Without aspirations. That person is unsatisfied, not pleased, not
delusional, not enamored, is lustful. without eliminating, loosening
Sacrificed in forms etc., in forms which are seen, heard, smelled,
tasted, and tactile. enlightened nature One who is quenched, quenched,
cooled, one who lives as the blissful Brahma, is known as devoid of
lust. The name stinginess in the word not stinginess is the five types
of stinginess, namely stinginess of the pastor, stinginess of the
family. stinginess stinginess caste Dharma stinginess, stinginess, etc.
This jealousy is called stinginess. Stingy, which a person has
abandoned, calmed, suppressed, prevents it from happening. Burned with
the fire is wisdom. That person is called not stingy, hence the name.
that there is no desire, not stinginess.
[435] The word muni in the
word person is a muni. It does not speak of being superior to him, not
in being an anchor, not in being. who is lower than him, which is called
Jan

Mona, etc., advancing the Dharma is related, and lust is just as a
network. That person\'s name was Jamuni. A person who is a muni does not
say no. Do not speak, do not show, do not declare that we are better
than them. We are equals. Some of us are inferior to him, therefore,
that person is a muni, not speaking of being above him. not speaking of
being an anchor, not speaking of being inferior to him.
[436] The name
stipulation in the word is one who has no desire. It is not stipulated,
that is, two stipulations: one stipulation, one stipulation, etc. This
is called This decree by lust, etc., is called the decree by view.
Yaditthi has passed away. because he is the one who abandons the
stipulations by craving, renounces the stipulations with views therefore
does not reach, that is, does not reach, does not reach, does not hold,
does not cling to, does not cling to lustful determinations. or
stipulation by view, therefore. Therefore, it is called not reaching
stipulation. Prescriptions, which are two prescribing requirements:
Finding 1 stipulation with a view, 1 etc. This is also called
stipulation. This craving, etc., is called the stipulation based on the
view. One who has abandoned the stipulation by lust, has abandoned the
stipulation by the view, because it is One who abandons stipulations by
lust, renounces stipulations by desire, therefore does not set by lust.
or stipulations with views, that is, not to occur, not to be ready not
to arise, not to arise, therefore Therefore, he is said to be a person
who has no stipulation, he does not reach the stipulation. The Blessed
One said, That person is a muni without greed, not stingy, in being
above him. not talking about being equal, not talking about being
inferior, he is indefinite Q of the requirements.
[437] Whoever has no
regard for himself in the world, when his regard is nonexistent, neither
sorrows nor despair. in the dharmas, that person is called a person of
peace He has the belief of himself in the world, namely the Arahant
Khina. The word without regard for oneself is that one who does not have
any clinging, clinging, clinging, clinging, sympathy for form, feeling,
covenant, body, spirit, whatever. Or is this, other people\'s things,
etc., burned with the fire of wisdom, hence, whoever does not
underestimate his self-esteem in the world. Concerning those who do not
mourn and sorrow


[439] When what is considered to be nonexistent does not mourn, means
not mournful an object that has been warped or when an object has
changed, it does not sorrow, that is, not sorrowful, not troubled, not
mournful, not crushed. It is not the fascination that our eyes, sota,
ghana, chiha, our bodies and minds are transformed into a sound, smell.
Our taste buds have changed. Clan, abbot, fortune, yos, Sansern, Suk,
robes, alms, senasana, pharmacological factors- \*our monks. Mothers,
fathers, brothers, sisters, brothers, sisters, sisters, sons, daughters,
friends, brothers and sisters, our blood relatives. has changed Even for
this reason, thus it is called not to grieve about what is not there. On
the other hand, whoever is displeased and miserable, must dominate and
swarm, and not be sad. He is suffering from eye disease, ear disease,
nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, ear disease,
mouth disease, tooth disease, cough. Asthma, influenza, plague,
epilepsy, stomach disease, epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease,
leprosy, pox, eczema, eye disease, epilepsy Scabies Bleeding disease,
diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, malaise, sickness, sputum,
sputum League of Nations Illness comes from the changing seasons.
Illness is caused by inconsistent management. Affliction is caused by
excessive perseverance. I am in pain But the calamity of cold, heat,
hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination, the touch of
flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and crawling beasts are right, dominate,
dominate, swarm. It does not sorrow, does not suffer, does not mourn,
does not mourn, does not reach passion, even for this reason, hence the
name. Swimming does not mourn the things that are not g. When an object
does not exist, that is, it does not appear, does not enter, does not
sorrow, does not grieve, does not mourn, does not bruise. Not to the
obsession, Oh, that\'s ours. There is no such thing as Jayra, that thing
should have for us. We didn\'t get that. Even for this reason, thus it
is called that when what is considered one\'s own is not there. Surely
not saddened. on the unbiased
[440] The word and does not refer to
negligence. In all dharmas, it means that there is no consensus. not up
to sati Not reaching for greed, not reaching bhatti, not reaching for
the ability of passion, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, utdhaca, vicikicha,
anusai, not moving forward, moving with all the dharmas that make them
one. hence the name verb does not refer to partiality in dharmas That is
why we call it, that is, to say, to speak, to express, to declare that
one who is at peace, has entered into a special peace, has been
extinguished, has ceased, hence the name.

that person called who is at peace. Therefore, the Blessed One said:
Whoever has no regard for himself in the world when his regard does not
exist, neither grieves nor sorrows. who is biased in the dharmas, that
person is called a peaceful person ] b. (Buddha Nimit asks:) What come
from quarrels, quarrels, sorrows, stinginess, arrogance, contempt and
slanderous speech? Those desires are there, but what? Concerning
quarrels
[442] What is the name of quarrel in the word quarrel,
quarrel \... from? that the two quarrels and quarrels were the same
together by the same symptom is Any quarrel is a quarrel. Any quarrel, a
quarrel, is a quarrel. On the other hand, by any other manifestation,
the quarrel is the precursor of a quarrel. than the quarrel, that is,
even the king quarreled with the kings Even kings quarrel with kings
Even brahmins quarrel with brahmins Even the householders quarreled with
the householders. Even the mother quarrels with the son Even the son
quarrels with the mother Even fathers quarrel with sons. Even the son
quarrels with his father. Even the brothers quarrel with sister Even the
sisters quarreled with the brothers. Even a comrade quarrels with a
comrade, this is called quarrel. Why? The householders, striving for
blame, quarrel with each other by body and speech. The monks are guilty.
They quarrel with their body, with words, this is called quarrel. What
is the origin of the word quarrel and quarrel? \"The Buddha\'s vision
asks, asks, asks, asks, invites him to show, asks for the proclamation
of the root cause, the story, the origin, the realm, the food, the mood,
the samadhi of quarrels and quarrels and quarrels arise, that is, to be
born, to be born, to be born, to be born, to be born, to appear, to be
born, to be born, to be born, to be born, to be born, to be born, to be
born; What are the origins of quarrels and quarrels? concerning lust

[443] is called languor. An action that is associated with
affiliation, as well as affiliation. to talk daft depravity of people
affected by the decline of relatives that was affected by the
deterioration of wealth

deterioration due to some diseases affected by the deterioration of the
precepts deteriorated Some of the effects of the Ditthi that coincided
with some kind of deterioration at any cause of suffering One affects
some. Concerning sorrow, sorrow is sorrow, sorrow, sorrow sorrow, inner
sorrow inner sorrow internal trouble inner rage The preparation of the
mind, the sorrow, the arrow is sorrow. of people who are subjected to
the decline of their relatives some impact affected by the deterioration
of wealth deteriorated due to disease Some of them were affected by the
deterioration of Sili. Some affected, some were affected by the decline
of views. concurrently with some kind of deterioration that was affected
by some kind of suffering. Concerning stinginess, it is called
stinginess, which is the five kinds of stinginess, namely stinginess for
the pastor, family stinginess, stinginess and wealth. stinginess caste
stinginess stinginess sees like this, stingy behavior stingy behavior
various desires toughness conscientiousness The stinginess of giving an
unreliable mind is called stinginess. stinginess is good Elemental
stinginess is fine. stinginess is good This is called stinginess. than
stinginess, therefore it is called arrogance, sorrow, stinginess. and
sniping Please note the explanation as follows. Some people in this
world hold egotism, some by birth, by clan, by being the son of a
family, by being a person of beauty. some Some by property, some by
government, some by work. by some arts Some by academic standing, by
some by education, by some impartiality. by any one object. Concerning
humiliation, namely blasphemy, that is, some people in this world One
would insult others by nationality, by clan, etc., by some object. On
slanderous speaking, slanderous speech is that some people in this world
are slanderous, slanderous, that is, hear from me. and tell them over
there. to destroy this group Or listen from above and tell this side to
destroy the people over there. is the one who destroys the people who
are in unison Support people who are different. Like those who fight.
Congratulations to those who fight. Enjoy those who fight. It is the one
who speaks in a fight, this is called slander. On the other hand, a
person brings a testimony. smashed into it for two reasons.

is to bring scolding words to them with the intention of being loved 1
with the purpose of breaking them apart. Sniffing 1. How does a person
introduce sneaky words with the intention of being endearing? a person
who slanders It is with such a hope that we will be endearing, pleasing,
inwardly accommodating, rejoicing. of this person. Individuals who wish
them apart So how do you bring bad words into it? Person who has would
like them to be divided so that these peoples should be different,
divided into two divisions, two divisions, two groups. These people
should be divided and not in harmony with each other. It is cooked by
trickery, therefore it is called arrogance, contempt and slander.

[445] The word invites the Lord to say, What did those passions come
from? It means that the Buddha Nimit asks, asks, asks, asks, asks,
invites him to show, asks for the proclamation of the cause, the story,
the origin, the place of birth, the place of birth, the food, the mood,
the factors, the origins of the eight desires. That these eight
defilements, namely quarrels, quarrels, sorrows, stinginess, arrogance,
contempt and slander, are born, born, born, born, born, only, arise?
What is the story? What is Samutai? What is Nationality? Dan was born
because of that Therefore, what is the name of these passions? He
speaks, that is, He invites Him to speak, speak, answer, show,
ordinance, ordain, reveal, classify, consequently declare. So it\'s
called inviting him to say what these defilements come from. Because of
that. Then the Buddha\'s vision asked, \'What quarrels, quarrels, anger,
sorrow, stinginess, arrogance, contempt and slandering come from? invite
him to say What did those passions come from?
[446] (The Blessed One
replied:) Quarrels, quarrels, sorrows, stinginess, arrogance, contempt,
and slanderous speech come from love, quarrels, quarrels. compounded in
stinginess, and when quarrels arise, slander arises. Concerning quarrels
\... comes from what is loved.
[447] Named What is loved in the words
quarrels, quarrels, sorrows, and stinginess Why is the beloved? Who in
the world are they? Prosperity, benefit, comfort, and freedom from yogic
defilements, namely as a mother, a father, a brother. Is it a sister, a
son, a daughter, a friend, a kin, a kin or a blood? These people are
called Vaj. Beloved beings. Why is sankhara beloved? Form, sound, smell,
taste.

These favorites are called Sanghara is loved. People, even those who are
paranoid in the contention of their loved ones. It is easy to quarrel,
when a loved object is being hijacked. some quarrel When a loved object
is hijacked, there will be some quarrel. Even those who are paranoid in
the volatility of the objects they love A little quarrel is when the
beloved object is changing. some quarrel When the beloved object has
changed, there will be some quarrel. was taken away some quarrel When a
loved object has been hijacked Let\'s get into some quarrel. Even those
who are paranoid about the volatility of the beloved object will
quarrel, that is, when the beloved object is in volatility, quarrel.
Let\'s get into some quarrel. Even those who are paranoid in snatching
away the beloved object are snatched away when the beloved object is
being hijacked. already snatched Somewhat humiliating. Even those who
are paranoid about variability Going to the beloved object is sorrowful,
that is, when the beloved object is changing. some when the object of
love has changed Somewhat humiliating. Even one who is paranoid in
snatching away a beloved object mourns. d When a loved object has been
hijacked, it is somewhat saddened. Even one who is paranoid about the
volatility of the beloved object mourns, that is, when the beloved
object is changing. some sorrow When a loved object is transformed, it
becomes sad and sorrowful. And it maintains, governs, protects, stings,
stings the loved object. Therefore, it is called quarrel, quarrel.
Anger, sorrow, and stinginess are only things that are loved.
[448]
The words arrogance, contempt and slander, people are arrogant. The self
is born on the basis of the beloved object, the contempt is born by the
beloved object. How are people conceived by their loved objects? People
are great Presence to be born by relying on such a beloved object that
We naturally acquire forms, sounds, smells, tastes, touches that are
pleasing to our hearts. Because how do you rely on the objects you love?
All peoples are gracious. lest it arise by relying on such a beloved
object that we have a common sense, sound, smell, taste, touch that
pleases. These people do not have form, sound, smell, taste. The word
slandering means that some person in this world one who has slanderous
speech, that is, listens from here and then goes over there. to destroy
this group, etc., a person who wishes him Divisive like this...these
people should be divided, they should not be discordant, they should
live in trouble and not be happy by trickery. However, slander is
brought into it, hence the name arrogance, contempt and slander. Stingy:
These seven defilements are quarrels, quarrels, sorrows, sorrows,
arrogances, and blasphemy.

and talk The stinginess is continual in stinginess, hence the name
quarrel and quarrel compounded in stinginess.
[450] The word when
quarrels arise Then slandering is said that when a quarrel arises,
arises, arises, arises, arises, arises, then the slanderers enter into
it, that is, listen. From here and then go over there. to destroy this
group or hear from above and come and say this to destroy the crowd. is
the one who destroys the people who are in unison support broken people
Some people like those who are fighters. verbally speaking That makes
this fight is called slander. Ye people I bring snifty words into it for
two reasons: to bring snifty words into it with the aim of being useful.
wanting them to split up, so they bring slanderous words entered with
the intention of How are you dear? Peoples sniffed out the word with a
purposeful mind. like this We will be loved, pleasing, accommodating,
inwardly, pleasing to this person. How do people who want them to be
divided, how do they introduce slanderous words? People *who wished them
to be divided in this way: These people should be different, separate,
fight, be two, be two, be two, these people. be different not in harmony
should be troubled, unwell, by the manner of slander, therefore it is
called when a quarrel arises. Snipe is there. because of that The
Blessed One then said: There are quarrels, strife, sorrows, stinginess,
arrogance, contempt and slander. only what I love Quarrels and quarrels
are compounded in stinginess, and when quarrels arise, there is slander.

[451] (Buddha\'s vision asked) The things I love in the world what\'s
the story and which people will travel the world because of the greed,
the greed of those people. What is a fairy tale, besides, hopes and
hopes that have the essence for the future? What\'s the story? About
what is the cause of what is loved
[452] The word what is loved in the
world What is a fairy tale, that the Buddha-* Nimit asks, asks, asks,
asks, asks, invites him to show? Let me proclaim the foundation, etc.,
the samudaya of the beloved, what is the truth of the beloved. What is
birth, what is birth, what is birth, what is birthplace, therefore what
is the name of birth? What is the beloved thing in the world? What is a
fairy tale?
[453] The word and those who, in the word and what people?
travel in the world

Because of greed, namely kings, brahmins, vaishas, sudaras, grihats,
banpachits, gods, and humans. The word because of greed is greed, greedy
behavior, Nabha, greed, determination, action, determination, Abhijha,
Lobha, Akusolmalu *. Behavior, maintain, maintain, heal, maintain the
status quo. The word in the world is, in the ill-fated world, the human
world, the divinity, the world-element, the world-elemental world, the
world is ashamed of the world, hence the name, and those who travel in
the world because of greed.
[454] What does the word hope and success
hope \... have in a fairy tale? The Buddha-* Nimit asks, asks, asks,
asks, asks, invites him to show. May it proclaim the foundation, etc.,
Samutai of hope and success. Hope hope and success hope there is
something fairy tale is born. Birth with birth, specific birth, but what
is it? What is the birthplace, therefore it is called hope and success,
hope ... what is a fairy tale.
[455] The word that has the essence to
move forward means hope and hope for success. which is the foreground,
the island, the protection is hidden It is a souvenir of the people,
that is, the people who are successful and hope to be the future.
Therefore, it is called having the core for the future. Then the Buddha
vision asked: all the things I love in the world What is a fairy tale,
and what kind of people travel in the world because of greed? What is
the greed of the old people? hope to have the core to move forward
What\'s the story?
[456] (The Blessed One replied:) The things that
are loved in the world Possession is a fairy tale and which people will
travel the world because of the greed, the greed of those people. This
is a fairy tale. On the other hand, hope and Successful hope with the
core for the future There is pride in the story.
[457] My name is
Pride in the word that all the things I love in the world are mine. It
is a fairy tale, namely erotic pleasure sexual desire erotic pleasure
Erotic desires, erotic love, erotic passion, erotic passion, sensual
pleasure, eroticism, kama yoga, kamupathana, neutered sensuality. In all
erotica. The other are the five desires: the satisfaction of seeking,
the satisfaction of obtaining, the satisfaction of consumption, the
satisfaction of accumulating, the satisfaction of giving up, and the
satisfaction of giving up. Why seek? There are certain people in this
world who are pleased, have desires, seek pleasures, seek forms, sounds,
smells, tastes, and touches, this is called the contentment of seeking.
What is the satisfaction of having it? There are some people in this
world who are pleased and want.

The satisfaction of form, sound, smell, taste, touch, this is called the
satisfaction of obtaining. What is the satisfaction of consumption?
There are certain people in this world that are pleased, have desires,
have pleasures, consume forms, sounds, smells, tastes, and touches, this
is called the pleasure of consumption. satisfaction in collecting Why?
Some people in this world are pleased, have desires, are satisfied, do
orders. Somsap with the hope that It will be useful in times of danger.
This is called the satisfaction of accumulating. What is the
satisfaction in giving up? Some people in this world are pleased, have a
need, have a desire, give up their wealth for the elephants, the
horsemen, the chariots, the archers, the walkers. hope that these people
will protect We call this satisfaction in giving up. Concerning the two
things that are loved, the words that are loved are those that are two
things that are loved, namely beings, sankharas, etc. These are called
sattas. The word is beloved, etc., these are called sankharas. The words
that are loved in the world have a proxy Location is what all lovers
have. It\'s a fairy tale with a greedy positivity. Possessions are the
nations. Possessions are the birthplaces, therefore they are called all
the things that are loved in the world. It\'s a fairy tale.
[458] The
word, and what people, in the word, and what people? Traveling in the
world because of greed, namely Kings, Brahmins, Pais, Sutras, Houses,
Banpachit, Devas, Humans. The word because of greed is greed. greed,
greedy behavior, greed, greed, greedy behavior Abhijha lobha Akusolmun.
The word travel is to travel. Change the posture, behave, maintain,
maintain, heal, maintain the status quo. The word in the world is in the
world of evil, etc., embarrassed by the world, hence its name. That and
those who are ignorant in the world because of greed. Concerning hope

[459] The words, in addition, hope and hope for success. There is this
desire as a fairy tale, meaning that craving is called hope, such as
lust, lust, etc., Abhijha Lobha Akusolmalu. The word success means hope
that some people in this world Seeking form, he obtains form, one who is
successful, hopes in form. When seeking sound \... smell \... taste \...
hope success in the When looking for the family ... faculty ... Abbot
... fortune ... rank ... praise ... happiness ... robes ... alms round
... Senasana ... Kilan factors of medicine ... Sutra ... Vinaya ... Phra
Abhidhamma ... Aranyikakthudongkha ... Pin. Dhapati Khangkha ... SPA
Tānā k kkh Dng ... Klu Phat Kākā khādg ... Nesachchi Kangkhad ... Yathā
Santhatik Kng ... Primal Jhana ... Second jhana ... terti jhana ...
Fourth jhana ... Akasananya self supplication ... Spirit of
self-sufficiency ... Akinchanya-tanasapati ... when seeking a nemesis of
self-sacrifice. The concept of the contract of self-sufficiency is a
person who has success and hope in the concept of self-sacrifice
contract.

as true as the Blessed One said. A person plows with hope. Sow with
hope, merchants find wealth, go to the ocean with hope. In whatever hope
we stand, that hope is fulfilled as follows: The success of hope is
called the hope success. hope and success hope, there is also this
sympathy, this is a fairy tale meaning hope and success hope There is
this desire as a fairy tale; have a national proxy It is the birthplace,
therefore it is called hope and success. I hope this is a fairy tale.

[460] The word that has the essence to go forward means that hope and
success hope that is In the foreground is an island that is protected as
a hidden place. of the people is that the people are successful person
Hope is the future, so it\'s called having the core to move forward. The
Blessed One said, All the things that are loved in the world are
boundless. What kind of place and people are they going to pour into the
world because of their greed? This wish is a fairy tale, besides, the
hope and success that has the core for the future, there is this wish is
a fairy tale.
[461] (Buddha\'s vision asked) What in the world is
there a fairy tale, and what is the origin of decision-making, besides
what is the origin of anger, falsehood and doubt? and what virtues which
the recluse has said What did those dharmas come from? Concerning
proxies \... What is the cause?
[462] What is the word \"worship\" in
the world? It means that the Buddha\'s vision asks, asks, asks, asks,
asks, invites him to show. Please publish the information, etc. What is
Chantha a fairy tale, that is, born, born, born, born, only born, what
is it, what is it, what is it? What is Samui? What is a nation What is
the birthplace, therefore, it is called the chant in the world. What is
the night?
[463] What is the origin of the word and the decision? It
means that the Buddha\'s vision asks, asks, asks I told him to invite
him to show. Let me proclaim the foundation, etc., the solemn of the
decision, what is the origin of the decision, that is, what is born, is
born, is born, is born only, what has emerged, what is a fairy tale.
What is Samui? What is a nation What is the birthplace? Therefore, what
is the name and where the decision comes from?
[464] It is called
anger, in other words, anger, liars, and doubt: malice, malice,
resentment, indignation. resentment all over

always offended, hatred, hatred Always hatred, vengeance of the mind,
cruelty in the heart. Anger vindictive, vindictive, vengeful behavior
Vengeance, wrath, resentment, fierceness, evil speech, unwelcomeness of
the mind. A lie is called being a liar. Doubt is called questioning,
hence it is also called anger, stupidity, lie and doubt. what what the
monk said Then what dharmas the United States of America has to do with
each other? together, there is a birth ascending at the same time,
having the same extinction, having the same object, having same mood
together with anger Lies and doubts, what are these dharmas called?
Other desires are already established by these other symptoms. What
dharmas are called? being a brahmin, with the dharma that has floated
away He is a bhikkhu who has the foundation of destructive defilements,
who is freed from unwholesome foundations. All bindings have been
spoken, that is, generally speaking, telling, showing, ordinating,
appointing, revealing, classifying, making shallow. hence the name and
dharma Therefore, the Buddha\'s vision asked, \"What is the chant in the
world, what is the story, and what is the decision? liar and what is the
origin of doubt and what dharma which the monk has spoken What did those
dharmas come from?
[466] (The Blessed One replied:) What dharma do
sages say? It has come because by virtue of that dharma sees the absence
and presence in all forms You can make decisions in the world.
[467]
What dharma is the word joy in the words of the wise? sorrowful and
undesirable objects. Whatever the sages say ... in the world, whatever
sages say, speak, express, and proclaim, therefore, what the sages say
is joy and sorrow in the world.
[468] The word ambition comes because
based on the Dharma, the word ambition is born, that is, common, born.
and to arise only through joy and sorrow, which is live happily joy and
sorrow, desirable and undesirable objects, delight and consequently
Therefore, the name Chanayom came from relying on that Dharma. On the
Birth of Forms
[469] The words in forms in the word see the absence
and existence of forms, namely:

The Four Great Elemental Forms and the Formation of the Great Elemental
Forms 4. The existence of all forms is Why? Existence is birth and
birth. specific incidence This manifestation of forms is called the
existence of forms. Why is the absence of all forms? The extinction, the
deterioration, the rupture, the disintegration, the inequality, the
disappearance of all forms is called the absence of forms. The words to
see the absence and existence of all forms are to see, to see, to
consider, to compare, to clarify, to make manifest. The existence and
the non-existence in all forms, therefore it is called the absence and
the non-existence in the forms. Concerning Two Decisions
[470] Named
Decisions in the word chantuchon \... means making decisions in the
world, namely two decisions, namely decision With lust 1 Decisions with
views 1. How do animals make decisions with lust? Some people in this
world have a wealth that is not yet It does not arise, it does not
arise, and the wealth that arises is its extinction. So he had this
thought that our unrealized wealth was born, and the resulting wealth
reached the for what reason? The screen goes that when we assemble often
in the case of being the site of negligence because of drunkenness, that
is, liquor and intoxicants So the unrealized wealth does not arise, and
the acquired wealth is destroyed. When we often engage in traveling too
much at night ... when we go to see too much entertainment ... when we
engage frequently in the cause, it is a location of negligence because
of gambling ... when we engage frequent in fellowship, sinful
fellowship...when we frequently engage in idleness, unrealized wealth.
arise and the resulting wealth and then it came to an end Knowing this
therefore he did not behave The calamity of the six wealth, the old man
makes decisions with passion. Even in this way. On the other hand, a
person engages in some agriculture some with commerce, some with korak,
some with bow art some with some kind of government service or some kind
of art Chantuchanayachomtha lustful decision Even for this reason. How
does the mind look? When the eye arises, the people know that Our self
has arisen. When the eye is gone, we know that our self is gone. Our
self is gone. Chantuchanayachomtha Decision making, even in this way.
When sota ... when ghana ... when hungry... when body... when Rapu
...when the sound...when the smell...when the taste...when the touch
arises. Jantuchon knew that Our self has arisen When the touch is gone,
I know that my self is gone, my self is gone. To make a decision with a
view is to make it ready. cause to occur only in this way. The word
jantujan means beasts, creatures, etc., man. The word in the world is in

humiliating the world, etc., ashamed of the world, hence the name That
Jantujan... can make decisions in the world. Because of that. The
Blessed One said, Whatever dharma sages say, the joy and sorrow in the
world, the sorrow arises because by virtue of that dharma, the sage sees
the void. All forms and forms make decisions in the world.
[471] Even
these are anger, hypocrisy, and doubt. When both joy and sorrow come If
in doubt, study for the intellect. and what virtues which the recluse
knew, and then spoke those dharmas When both joy and sorrow There is,
there is.
[472] It is called anger in the word anger. Lies and Doubt
is the malice, malice, etc. A lie is called a lie. is a liar. Doubt is
called commentary. Anger arises because of desirable objects, some
because of undesirable objects. Lies arise because of undesirable
objects, some because of undesirable objects. Doubts arise because of
some desirable objects. because it relies on some undesirable objects.
on the cause of anger How is anger caused by undesirable objects? Anger
also arises. if he has done something that is of no benefit to us, then
anger is born. with symptoms that he are doing things that do not
benefit us Anger is caused by symptoms that he will behave Things that
are of no use to us. Anger is caused by symptoms that He has behaved
something that is not benefit to you a loved one who pleases us, then
anger arises with the manifestation that he is conduct something that is
not beneficial to the person who is our favorite love Anger is caused by
symptoms. that he will do things that are of no benefit to his loved
ones that pleases us. Great anger caused by symptoms He has done
something that is of benefit to a person who is not Our beloved son
already pleased. Anger is caused by the fact that he is behaving in a
favorable manner. The unloved person who pleases us. Anger is caused by
the symptom that He will do what is beneficial to the person who is not
dear to our liking. Anger arises because of the This undesirable object.
How does anger arise because of the desirable object? is when the
desired object is being snatched away, some anger arises when Desirable
objects have already been hijacked. There was some anger. Even a person
who is paranoid in the volatility of desirable objects when there is
anger The desired object is changing, and there is some anger.

When the desirable object is transformed, anger arises. some. Small
anger arises because Relying on this desirable object. on the cause of
falsification How is a lie because of an undesirable object? Some people
in this world was memorized by a mnemonics, namely the sham, said false
words. Even though he knew to get out of that memory. He was also
remembered. The memory machine is A...was memorized by another memory.
The chains... were memorized by another machine. The necessity is the
vine... He was remembered by the memory as the circumference ... The
remembered by the memory was the house, the colony and the city ... The
remembered by the machine was the countryside. The lies that are known
in order to get out of the treasury. A lie is born. because of this
undesirable object. How is a lie because of a desirable object? Some
people in this world are telling lies. living because of a pleasing
image would say false knowing that because of the sounds, smells,
tastes, and touches that please because of the robe because of alms
because of the cause of Senasana Because of the cause of the Kilan
factor in pharmaceuticals. Lies are born because of this desirable
object. on cause of doubt How can doubt arise from undesirable objects?
doubt arose By relying on undesirable objects that we will be freed from
eye disease. Or will we be free from eye disease, or will we be free
from ear disease? from a disease of the nose or um From a disease of the
tongue or um, from a disease of the body ... from a disease of the head
or um From ear disease, from mouth disease, we will be free from dental
disease or um. Or we will not be free from dental disease. It arises
because of this undesirable object. How is it that doubt arises based on
desirable objects? doubts arise because relying on desirable objects
that Will we get a picture that we like or not? Or we will not have a
form that pleases us, we will have sound, smell, taste, touch, family,
abbot, fortune, yot, praise, happiness, robe, alms, sanasana. have the
factor A pharmacist who likes it, or we won\'t kill the factor-
\*Pleasant pharmacist. Doubt will arise. because of living This
desirable object is, therefore, called anger, a liar. and doubt.
[473]
Even these words of Dharma The mind exists, that is, when happiness and
goodness, joy and sorrow, pleasant objects Desires and undesirable
objects Pleasure and ill-will exist, that is to say, self-existence.
This \... when the joy and Both regrets have existed. One should study
for the way of the intellect: \'Even the way of Wisdom\' is called the
Path of Intuition. Gedi with

Wisdom is also called the way of the mind. Just like the Noble Path,
it\'s called the Noble Path. The deva is called the way of Just as an
angel of Brahma is called the Path of Brahma, even if Yanaka It is said
that the spiritual path, even the emotional Wisdom is also called the
way of the mind. Even all the dharmas that arise together with wisdom
are called the path of insight. There are three sikkhas that should be
studied, namely, upholding the precepts, the sikkhā, adhicittasikkha,
and the adhiking of wisdom. The precepts 1. What are the precepts of the
precepts? In this Dhamma and Discipline, a bhikkhu is virtuous,
restrained with composure in the Patimokkha, complete with the Ajara and
the orbit. There are usually few dangers in all penalties. Concentration
is studied in all the precepts, the small precepts, the great precepts,
the precepts are the premise. preliminary is the foundation, is the
composure, is the oral caution Chairman of the readiness of the Dharma,
the charity pointed out It is said to perform the precepts of the
precepts. What is Athhichitta Sikkha? In this Dharma and Discipline a
bhikkhu, secluded from sensual pleasures, etc., attains the Fourth
Jhana, which is called Adhicittasika. What is the wisdom of the sikkha?
Wisdom consists of wisdom. which leads to the birth and death It is the
first noble defilement that leads to the end of suffering like a monk.
that he knows as it really is, that these sorrows, these This practice
leads to the cessation of taints, this is called adhipanya sikkha. word
of doubt One should study for the intellect, that is, a person who has
doubts, doubts, hesitates in two ways, is uncertain, should study some
obedience, some enlightenment, some enlightenment. d for attainment for
intellect for the purpose of enlightening the intellect person when
thinking of These three precepts should be studied when they know when
they see it. to consider when mental base when willing to go with faith
when sustaining perseverance when setting one\'s mind when setting
one\'s mind when knowing clearly by wisdom Wisdom when knowing Ying
Dharma that should be known When determining the Dhamma that should be
defined When the dharma should be abandoned When the Dharma should be
developed When elucidating the Dharma that should be enlightened, one
should study and behave in a hospitable manner. behave in a favorable
manner Conscientiousness is therefore called a person who has doubts to
study for the sake of insight. on the dharmas that the monks knew

[475] What words and dharmas which the recluse knew, and said, \'All
the dharmas that the recluse knew, knew, considered, compared,
clarified, made manifest, and had spoken. Teach, speak, show, command,
appoint, reveal, classify, shallow, proclaim, comprehend, compare and
clarify. He made it known, and he spoke, he had taught, he had spoken,
he had decreed, appointed, revealed, classified, made shallow, and had
declared that all sankharas were not equal. All bodies are All dharmas
are selfless because of ignorance. Factors are sankhara, etc. because
life is a factor. therefore he died of ignorance, the body was
extinguished, etc. because the nation dies of old age This sorrow, this
sorrow, this sorrow, these sorrows This practice leads to the cessation
of taints. These dharmas should be known. These dharmas should be
established to know the dharma.

these should be ignored These virtues should be developed. These dharmas
should cause birth, extinction, punishment, devises to shake off. Of the
six senses of contact, of the five aggregates of clinging, of the four
elements of existence, any thing naturally arises. All things have a
natural cessation. realistically according to the Buddha\'s words, look
at the monks We show the Dharma for With knowledge, we do not teach the
Dhamma for ignorance. We teach the Dharma for a reason; we do not teach
the Dharma for no reason. We preach the Dharma, there are miracles. We
do not preach the Dharma, there is no miracle. look at the monks when we
preach for the greater knowledge, not to teach the dharma, for the
ignorance Preaching the Dharma with a cause; not preaching the Dharma
with no cause. Dharma has miracles Not preaching the Dharma, there is no
miracle. You should obey the teachings, you should follow the
congregation. Bhikkhus, you should also be pleased and rejoiced that the
Exalted One is the Lord Buddha, the Dharma. is a monk who has practiced
well, when this grammar which the Blessed One is speaking Thus the world
of ten thousand elements was shaken, so name and dharma which the
recluse knew and then spoke. The Blessed One said, Even these dharmas
are anger, liars, and doubt, when both joy and sorrow arise. Yuj also
has a person who has doubts. study for the spiritual path and what
virtues which the recluse knew, and therefore spoke those dharmas, when
both desires and sorrows had arisen.
[476] (Buddha Nimit asked:) Joy
and sorrow, what is it, fairy tale, when there is no joy and sorrow?
Therefore, those minds have no meaning, that is, non-existence and
existence. Please tell me that there is something that is a story to me.
On the cause of happiness-sorrow
[477] What is the meaning of joy and
sorrow? It\'s a story that the Buddha\'s vision asks, asks, asks, asks,
asks, invites him to show. Please declare the foundation, etc., Samutai
of joy and sorrow that joy and regret What is a fairy tale, that is,
what is born, is born, is born, is born only, what has appeared? What is
the birthplace? Therefore it is called joy and sorrow. What is a fairy
tale?
[478] The word when something is not with joy and sorrow So
those hearts have no idea. When something does not exist, does not
appear, does not come into being, joy and sorrow do not exist, neither
does it arise, does not arise, does not arise, hence the name. e When
there is no joy and sorrow, those hearts are not g.


[479] What is the meaning of non-existence and existence, and what is
the meaning of happiness and sadness? incarnate The emergence of only
the manifestation of joy and sorrow What mind is called the happiness
and sorrow? What is the lack of joy and sorrow? cleavage rifts around
inequality What is the name of this disappearance of joy and sorrow?
that the absence of joy and sorrow mind. What value is the highest
value, therefore what is called meaning is non-existence and
non-existence.
[480] That word, in the word, please state that
meaning: What is a story to me, the meaning that I ask, I ask you to
speak, I invite you to show, I ask you to declare. Speak: Speak, Speak,
Speak, Speak, decree, appoint, reveal, classify, enlighten, enlighten,
hence the name Word. Please tell me that meaning...to me. What is a
fairy tale? What is Samuthai? What is a nation, what is a birthplace
Therefore, it is your name to tell me what is a fairy tale. Then the
Buddha vision asked: joy and sorrow What is the mind of a fairy tale
when there is no joy? And those regrets have no meaning, that is, the
absence and existence. Ask the Lord to explain that meaning: Is there
anything that is a story to me? [481](พระผูมีพระภาคตรัสตอบวา) Joy and
sorrow are fables when there is no sense. So those joys and sorrows have
no meaning, that is, non-existence and existence. Let me tell you that
meaning, this touch is a fable to you.
[482] The word joy and sorrow
is a tale of happiness and suffering. It arises because of the touch,
which is the place of happiness and feeling. because that touch, which
is the location of that bliss, and quenched away the pleasure that
arises by virtue of the sense The whole place of bliss which lies in it
is born, but that touch ceases. Suffering arises by relying on the
contact which is the place of suffering. because of touch is the
location of all suffering That is how all the suffering that arises
because of living The contact, which is the place of suffering, which is
consumed by that touch, ceases to exist. All places are all bitter and
sad. because of the touch, the location of all things That feeling is
extinguished from all the bitter and painful feelings that arise from
the touch. which is the place of suffering and suffering that is being
consumed, born of that contact, has ceased It brings joy and sorrow to
ghosts. The sensuous life is the birthplace, so it is called joy and
sorrow.


[483] The word when there is no joy or sorrow So those hearts have no
idea. When there is no contact, is not present, does not exist, neither
joy nor sorrow does not exist, does not arise, does not arise. does not
occur only does not appear, therefore it is called when touch no joy and
sorrow Those minds are not g.
[484] Whatever meaning is the absence
and presence, there is good bhavadithi, vibhavadithi is good, there is a
touch as a fairy tale. What is the meaning, what is the highest value,
therefore what is the meaning, is the non-existence and the existence?

[485] That word, in the word \"I would like to tell you the meaning,\"
has a touch to tell the story to him, the meaning that he has asked,
tell me. I say, tell, declare. The word tell is to answer, tell, show,
command, appoint, reveal, classify, make shallow, proclaim, hence it\'s
called \'let me tell that meaning ... to His Highness. The word that
there is touch is a fairy tale, that is, this touch is a story. Has a
sense of touch, has a sense of touch Birth has a sense of touch as the
birthplace, therefore it is called. The Blessed One replied, Joy and
sorrow are touched, fairy tales, when there is no sense of joy and
sorrow, they have no meaning, that is, non-existence and existence. tell
that meaning
[486] (Phra Buddha Nimit asked) What is the touch in the
world, what is the story, and what is the origin of the clinging? e We
have the view that we have nothing when there is no touch and therefore
are not correct. Concerning the cause of the senses \....
[487] What
is the word for the senses in the world? to understand the meaning of
the Buddha\'s vision Asking, asking, asking, telling, inviting him to
show, asking for the senses of the senses to see the senses What is a
fairy tale, that is, born, born with, is born, only reborn, what has
appeared, what is it, what is a fairy tale, what is Samutaya What is a
nation, what is a birthplace, therefore it is called touch in the world
What is a story?
[488] Words and meanings What is the meaning of the
Buddha\'s vision, asking, asking, asking, asking, telling, inviting,
showing, asking for the foundation, etc. clinging to what origin?: being
born, born, born, only born, only appear, what is it, what is it, what
is it, what is it, what is it, what is it, what is it, what is its realm
born because hence the name Vaj And the adherence has come from nothing.

[489] The word when there is nothing Our presumption therefore does
not mean that when something does not exist, it does not appear, it does
not exist. Therefore, our belief is not, not being, not appearing, not
possible, that is,

Our belief, abandoned by the monks, severed, settled, prevented, should
have arisen, and then burned with fire is wisdom, therefore it is called
when there is nothing. Therefore, our beliefs do not exist.
[490] The
word when there is nothing Therefore, the contact is not correct,
meaning that when something is not there, it is not a step ahead, so the
contact is not. Therefore, it is called when nothing is there. So the
touch is not correct. because of that Then the Buddha vision asked: What
is the contact in the world, what is the story, and what is clinging?
When what is without our esteem we have nothing, when what is without
contact is not correct. [491](พระผูมีพระภาคตรัสตอบวา) Touched by the name
and form The adherence has a fable desire. When desires are not there,
our regard is nonexistent. When the image does not So the touch is not
correct.
[492] The word touch arises because of the name and form that
the spirit eye arises By relying on the eye and form, there are three
kinds of dharmas, namely the eye-form in the form and the
sampayut-dhamma. In the part of the noun, except for the eye-contact, it
arises by virtue of name and rapu. Even so. Audio- \*Spirit arises
through ears and sound. There are three kinds of dharma assemblies: ear,
sound in form, and sampayutta in noun except auditory-sense-contact. the
up because of the name and Even this form. up because of living The nose
and the smell of the three dharmas are: The nose smells in form and
sampayudhamma in the noun except khan touch is contact, arises by
relying on name and rapu, even this way. The tongue and the taste, the
three dharmas, namely the tongue, the taste in form, and the sampayutta
in the noun, except for the taste sensation, which is the sac-sakedi. It
arises because it relies on the name and form even like this. arises
because of the body, body and dharma; there are three kinds of dharma
assemblies, namely the body, the touch, in the form and the
sampayut-dhamma. In the nouns except for physical contact It is the
sense of touch that arises by relying on name and even form. Conscience
arises through the mind and the Dharma. There are three dharmas that are
formed in the form part, and all the dharmas that have form in the form.
and fairness in the noun part Except for mind-contact and being-contact,
contact arises because of name and even form. concerning adherence to
desire as the cause
[493] Desire is a fairy tale, meaning that lust is
called desire, namely lust, lust, etc. Abhijha lobha and kusala mun.
clinging to lust, this is called clinging to lust, etc. This is called
clinging to lust, etc. hold with the view that clinging has desires as
fairy tales; all clings have desires as fables Desire as a cause, desire
as a factor have a wish desires to be the birthplace, therefore

Therefore it is called that adherence has a desire as a fairy tale.

[494] The word when our desire is not regarded as having no speech, is
called desire, namely lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha, Lobha, Akusala. Our
prestige is our two prestige: our presumed find 1 assuming with our This
is called our volitional belief. find etc. This is called our regard.
With the view that when our desires are not, our opinion is void. When
desire does not exist, does not appear, does not go into it, then our
belief is nonexistent, not manifested, not possible. After that, when
the monks abandoned, severed, settled, settled, why should it not arise,
then burned with the fire of wisdom, therefore it is called when another
Our desires have no regard and therefore do not exist. Concerning the 4
Great Elemental Forms
[495] The word form in the word when form does
not exist. Therefore, contact is not correct, namely, the Great
Elemental Form. It is a form that does not exist for four reasons: by
knowing. By considering, by abandoning, by chaos. There is no picture by
knowing how? The ascetic knows form, that is, knows, and sees that all
forms of form are known as form, i.e. the four great elements, the four
great elements. have by knowing this. There is no picture, by what
consideration? The monk, when he knew this form, So consider the form,
that is, to consider it as being a mistress, as suffering, as a disease,
as an abscess, as an arrow, as an affliction, as an affliction. other
It\'s spoiled, it\'s crumbly, it\'s a sin, it\'s a danger, it\'s an
obstacle, it\'s a thing, it\'s shaken, it\'s broken, it\'s
unsustainable, it\'s nothing. There is no hidden place. It is nothing,
brother, which is empty, is empty, is lost, is soulless, is punishable,
is valuable. change to normal It is free of substance, it is the source
of suffering, it is like an executioner, it is free of prosperity.
belonging to filth It is a product of the factors that enhance it. A
victim of the devil, belonging to the nature of the nun. Mold is the
nature of parasites, it is the nature of death, it is the nature of
sorrow, affliction, bodily pain, heartache, and resentment. Ordinary is
a commodity, and there is a common misery as a cause. Suffering is
something to be extinguished. Inviting you to fall in love, be adhana,
b, be nissarana, without form, by this consideration. There is no image
by omitting how? The recluse, having considered this, abandoned,
alleviated, and put an end to nothing afterward. which I appreciate in
the picture. as true as the Blessed One said look at the monks Whatever
greed in Rapu, you, abandon that greed. I know that will be yours, the
foundation is cut off, making it stand like a palm tree. Jakedi up
normally. In this way. The figure does not exist by omitting it. There
is no image by advance, how? A person who has acquired all four forms is
one who has no reapplication, namely:

It is not developed, it has progressed, it has passed its form, it is
not formed by this step. The figurative form does not exist for these
four reasons. The word when a form has no contact is incorrect, that
when a form does not exist, it is not late. It\'s too late. It\'s too
late. The five senses are eye-contact, ear-touching, killing-feeling,
craving-touching, body-contact is not right, hence the name. that when
the picture is not So the touch is not correct. The Blessed One said,
Sense arises through name and form. adherence has a desire to be Fables
when our desires are not regarded, therefore there is no form when there
is no touch, therefore they are not correct.
[496] (Phra Buddhanimit
asked) How does a person proceed? Thus there is no form, neither
happiness nor sorrow. How? Form, etc., without any reason. Please tell
me that. I have intended that What do you know?
[497] How does a
person act? So the form does not mean that when a person walks, how?
What is the practice? How do you change your posture? How do you behave?
How to treat? How to maintain? How to heal? There is no form, so it is
not passed on. Therefore, it is called. How does a person act? There is
no form.
[498] There is no such word as happiness and sorrow. How?
There is no such thing as happiness or suffering; it\'s not at all, how
does it happen? ? Therefore, it is also called that happiness and
suffering do not exist, how? May thee say it to me, as I ask, say it,
show it, show it. That. The word, I would like to speak ... to me is
something to say, to tell, to dictate, to appoint, to reveal, to
classify, to shallow, to preach to me. therefore his name that I would
like to say... to me. The word that there is no form, etc., is that
there is no form, it is not at all inaccurate. By any means, it has
passed. Therefore, it is called form, etc., without any reason. Ask him
to tell me that.
[500] the word to know that in the word I intended
that To know that, to know, to know, to be enlightened, to be
enlightened, to stab all the way. therefore it is called knowing that. I
set my intentions, set my spirits. Therefore, it is said that I intend
to know that. therefore asked When does a person act? So there is no
form, besides, how is there no happiness and sorrow?

There is no picture, etc. for any reason. Please tell me that, Your
Highness, I intend to know that.
[501] (The Blessed One replied that)
A person is not a contracted person. contract by normal contract Not
being a contractual by an abnormal contract, not a contractual person,
and not a contract-free person. When a person acts in this way, the form
is not. Yes, because the slow nature There is a contract as a fairy
tale.
[502] The term a person is not a contractual person under a
normal contract. Not a person who has a contract by an abnormal contract
means that those who are located by a normal contract Those people are
called Penng. Those who have a contract by normal contract That person
is not set up by a normal contract. Which people are crazy? and a person
with a distracted mind Those people are called contract lenders by
abnormal contracts. Therefore, it is called a person who is not a
contractual lender by a normal contract and is not a contractual person.
Abnormal contract.
[503] The words neither unintelligible nor
non-contracted mean that those who are ignorant and assassinated. Such
beasts are called sorcerers. They are neither humans, nor are they
unstable. . Those who have attained the four imperfections are called
those who are free from Contracts that person is not a person who
possesses the 4th form, hence, is not a person who has no contract and
Not a person without a contract.
[504] The saying that when a person
walks like this, there is no form, a bhikkhu in this Dharma and
Discipline. attaining the Fourth Jhana, for having abandoned that
bhikkhu, when the mind is pure and pure, without defilements, without
defilements, devoid of defilements, devoid of defilements, devoid of
defilements. inclined to agree to go for the benefit of the acquisition
Impersonal- \*The realization when a person acts in this way is the
practice of changing the liberty. This manner of conduct, maintenance,
and treatment in this manner is as follows. because of the band, hence
the name Vaj When a person does this, there is no form. On the dharma
that is delayed. There is a contract as a fairy tale, that is, Dharma is
the source of the slow; that is, craving, ditthi, mana, fair; there is a
fairy-tale contract; there is a promise; Ya is a nation with a promise
as a birthplace, so it is called because of the Dharma part. It\'s a
slow machine. There is a contract as a fairy tale. because of that The
Blessed One said, A person is not a contract holder by a normal contract
and is not a contract holder. It is not an uncontracted person and not a
contract-free person. When a person acts in this way, there is no form.
Dharma is a tool to slow down. There is a contract as a fairy tale.


[506] (The Buddha\'s vision asked) What Dharma I have asked, You have
proclaimed it to me. I would ask the Dharma The other part is with him.
Invite him to preach the Dharma. Some ascetics and brahmins claim to be
sages in this world. would say the purity of giant with this form or not
whether it is the supreme Dharma, or that some ascetics and brahmins
said otherwise. than this image.
[507] What Dharma have I inquired? He
proclaimed the dharma to I have asked, that is, let me speak, let me
show, what dharma is bestowed upon. The word that the Dharma has been
preached to me is that He has manifested, proclaimed, preached, decreed,
appointed, revealed, classified, shallowd, preached the Dharma. that has
been given to me, therefore I have been named He could ask any dharma.
He has proclaimed the Dhamma to me.
[508] I would like to ask you
about the rest of the Dharma. invite His Highness to speak Telling the
Dharma means that I ask for forgiveness. Asking is to ask him to tell
him to ask him to show the other part of the Dharma to him, that is, to
ask him for more Dharma. The word \"invite him to preach the Dharma\" is
to invite him to speak, to point out, to enact, to appoint, to appoint,
to classify, to bring about, to proclaim that Dharma, hence the name. I
would like to ask you about the rest of the Dharma. Invite him to preach
the Dharma. On Purity and Impermanence
[509] Some ascetics and
brahmins claim to be sages in this world. would say Perfect of giants
with this form or not? that it is the supreme Dharma, that some ascetics
and brahmins say that they say (pure) the Dhamma that is excellent,
sublime, wonderful, President Udom Bowon with this avatar? The word
giant is of the animal, the human being, the person who lives, the
animal born. The word purification is purification, supremacy,
equanimity, liberation, magic emancipation, emancipation. In this world
is a lender. It is said that he is a graduate. who said that he had
wisdom the person who said the reason The person who speaks by nature,
the borrower, the lender, the borrower, by the position, in this world
by all means. therefore Therefore, some ascetics and brahmins claim to
be sages. In this world, they speak of the purity of giants with their
imperfect form. this or that that it is an excellent fair.
[510] words
or some brahmins said purely other than This impersonality means that
some ascetics and brahmins are late. To go before these idols is to say,
speak, show light, purification, excellence, emancipation, emancipation,
emancipation, emancipation. the other thing is that, more than this
immaterial, therefore

hence the name or some brahmins Says purity other than this form.
Because of that, the Buddha\'s vision asked, What dharma has I inquired?
He proclaimed the dharma to me, and I ask for forgiveness. Asking the
other parts of the Dharma, the Lord invites He preached the Dharma. some
ascetics and brahmins Claims to be graduates in the world would say the
purity of giant with intangibles like this or this that it is an
excellent fair or that some brahmins to speak pure other than this
image.
[511] (The Blessed One replied:) Some ascetics and brahmins
claim to be sages in this world. would say the purity of giant With this
immaterial nature, it is the supreme Dharma. Among those brahmins, some
other brahmins claim to be wise. He said peace 1- in Anupatises.
[512]
The words are some brahmins. Claiming to be a graduate in this world
would say. Completely of giants with this shape. as the supreme Dharma,
that there are certain ascetics and brahmins the spokesperson It is said
to speak and express (purity) that it is the Dhamma that is excellent,
sublime, wonderful, presiding, utmost, with this impermanence. The word
giant means that of all beings, people, people, living beings, born
beings. One who has karma. The word purification is completeness,
supremacy, eternity, cessation, extraordinary cessation, cessation. \@1.
Calm and Anupadadises Jai Ujchatitthi. The word to claim to be a
graduate in this world is to be a borrower. It is said that he is a
graduate. who said that he had wisdom the person who said the reason The
person who speaks by nature, the borrower, the lender, the borrower, by
the position, in this world by all means. therefore Therefore, some
ascetics and brahmins claim to be sages. In this world, they speak of
the purity of giants with their imperfect form. Jae this that it is an
excellent fair.
[513] The words of those brahmins Some other brahmins,
claiming to be wise, speak of peace in Anupadises. That\'s it Some
ascetics and brahmins who speak of vanity, fear of the world, rejoice in
the absence of existence; they say peace. that is, the serenity, the
silence, the cessation, the cessation of beings, that the wise one hears
that this one, because of the rupture of the body, is destroyed and
perishes. There is no precedent but death, for whatever reason, prestige
exists only by cause. The word self-proclaimed wise means that one is
wise. said that he was a graduate said that he was a wise man said that
he had wisdom, the person who spoke by reason of the borrower\'s nature
stated by the person who stated on the basis of Therefore, they are
called one of the brahmins. Some other ascetics and brahmins, claiming
to be wise, spoke of peace in Anupatises. Therefore, the Blessed One
said: m

some ascetics and brahmins Claims to be a graduate in this world. would
say All of the giants with this majesty as the supreme Dharma, those
brahmins some other brahmins Claiming to be smart Says peace in
Anupatises.
[514] Muni possesses wisdom. know those brahmins that a
person who is indifferent entered and realized that he was a person with
a view that lived and knew and had passed away from the magic It\'s not
a quarrel, it\'s a gentleman, it\'s not ready in the big world.
concerning those with discernment,
[515] those words, in the words of
knowledge, those brahmins one who has lost his views, relying on the
sayings of the ascetics and brahmins who walk thi. The word \'one who is
skeptical goes into the meaning of the muni who knows, knows, considers,
compares, informs, makes it known. is an unsatisfied person He is a
person who has already lived in exaltation. He is a person who has
relied on an unsatisfactory view and an upright disposition. Knowing
that those brahmins are known Thi goes to live.
[516] It is called
Muni. In the word Muni, one who is wise and contemplative knows that he
is a muni who is called by wisdom. that Mona, etc., advocating for the
Dharma, and lusting only as a network, that person is called a Muni.
notified, made it was informed that those brahmins is an unsatisfied
person one who is exuberant, dependent, one who is indifferent Thi and
Ujchetthit have lived. The word muni is considered by the wise, that is,
wise, wise, knowledgeable, wise, enlightened. Wisdom to destroy
defilements Therefore, it is called a muni who is wise and scrutinized
to dwell.
[517] The word \"know\", \"extreme\", does not mean quarrel.
notified as a player beyond magic Unsuccessful by supreme liberation
because of not holding on by part that is, know, consider, compare,
inform, make it known, that All sankharas are not equal, all sankharas
are sankharas, all dhammas are non-self, etc. Anything that naturally
arises, all things pass away. A person who is freed from magic,
escaping, escaping, escaping by being unaided because of not holding
onto one part, hence the name: Knowing, escaping. The word not to
quarrel means not to quarrel, not to quarrel, not to argue, not to
quarrel, not to make any commitment. The Buddha said that See
Acquivessana A monk whose mind has gone beyond magic In this way, he
wouldn\'t argue with anyone, he wouldn\'t quarrel. Anyone who talks
about anything in the world of monks that was not considered to be
speaking on that matter. Therefore, it is said that after knowing the
magic, it does not mean quarrel.


[518] In the small world, the great world, in the word virtuous, is
not ready in the little world. and the great world I\'m not ready, I\'m
not ready Confident in the little world and the great world, i.e. in
karma and vipa life. In karma, it is the object of birth in the sensual
world. In vipakhava is the birthing machine in the sensual world. In
karma, it is a form of birth. In Vipakavat is a machine. Born in form,
in karma, is born in Arpu. The existence in vipavat is the birth device,
in the non-formal existence in frequent birth. In frequent existence, in
frequent fertilization, in frequent emergence of self. The term
\"theerachon\" means to be a wise man, a wise man, wise, knowledgeable,
intelligent, wise, wise, and wise. The gleaming pattern, therefore, is
known as a virtuous person, not ready in the great and small worlds.
because of that The Blessed One said, The Muni had the wisdom to
contemplate those brahmins. He is an indifferent person who enters and
knows that he is empty. A person who has a viewpoint as a dwelling
place, who knows it, is freed from magic, does not reach quarrel, is a
gentleman, is not ready in the world to give. Jr. as follows. End of the
11th wivadasuttanitas. --------------- Chulaviyuhasuttanitas the 12th

[519] (Phra Buddhanimit asked) There is a monk. some be around in
their views hold that view Claiming to be wise, they say that any person
knows this. That person is known as Dharma. Any person who opposes this
Dharma That person is still a person. complete or Concerning Ditthi

[520] The word omnipotence in one\'s view means that there are certain
ascetics and brahmins. who walks with views Some of those ascetics and
brahmins hold, hold, hold, hold, hold on to one thing, 62 The name
stands for coexistence, coexistence, coexistence, circumspection. It is
like a householder who lives in a house, whose name is in the house. or
those who have sinned The name is in penalties or those whose name is
defilement is in a different name. swims in glee, therefore hence the
name Vaj There is circumstance in one\'s view.
[521] The word hold in
the word holds that view. Claiming to be a wise person, saying different
things, holding on, holding on, holding on .Words of speech means that
there are different things to say. to say otherwise, not to speak, not
to say, not to tell, not to show, not to make a single statement V. The
word pretends to be wise. the meaning of claiming to be wise Claims to
be a graduate Claiming to be a wise person, claiming to be an
intellectual claim oneself by reason Claim yourself by nature self-cited
Claiming oneself by position, by one\'s own beliefs, therefore, it is
said to have held that view. Claims to be a wise person, saying things.


[522] The word any person knows this. That person is known as the
Dharma; whoever knows the Dharma, that is, the view, this path, is
known, knows, has seen and stabbed through the Dharma. Therefore,
whoever knows this is known as knowing the Dhamma.
[523] The word that
any person opposes this Dharma That person\'s name is imperfect, meaning
that whoever opposes the Dharma, which is this viewpoint, is said to be
imperfect. He is not full of rounds, that is, he is still vile, wicked,
lewd, filthy, and inferior, hence the name that any person opposes this
Dharma. That person is called an immature person. Because of that, the
Buddha\'s vision therefore asked some brahmins Having circumspection in
one\'s views, holding one\'s views, claiming to be a wise man, saying,
\"Whoever knows this, that person\'s name is After knowing the Dharma,
whoever opposes this Dharma That person is called an immature person,
or. This quarrels and says that others are foolish and ignorant. Which
words are true? because of the ascetic and brahmin all of these They
claim to be wise. Concerning quarrels because of their views. hold this
view This kind of quarrel is to do. quarrel wreak havoc, quarrel do not
know this Dharma and Discipline, etc. If you can, therefore, it is
called that some ascetics and brahmins hold this view, they would
quarrel.
[526] Words and sayings Others are foolish and unwise,
saying, saying, speaking, showing, declaring in such a way that the
other person is foolish, vile, vile, obscene, dirty, inferior, not wise,
no. He has knowledge of ignorance, has no insight, has no enlightenment,
has dull wisdom, therefore he is called and said that others are foolish
and not wise. .
[527] The words of these recluses and brahmins Which
words are true, or are these words of ascetic and brahmins, which words
are true, true, true, true and not perverted? Therefore, they are called
the words of the ascetic. these brahmins Which words are true?
[528]
The words because of all these brahmins Each of them claimed to be wise,
meaning that all these recluses and brahmins Each claimed to be wise.
Claiming to be a graduate, claiming to be a wise man, claiming to be an
intellectual claim oneself by reason Claim yourself by nature Claiming
oneself by reason, self-claiming, by one\'s own creed, hence the name.
that because all these ascetics and brahmins

Claims to be wise. because of that Then the Buddha vision asked: some
brahmins to hold this view is to quarrel and say that others are foolish
and unwise. Which words are true? because of these brahmins All of them
claimed to be wise. [529](พระผูมีพระภาคตรัสตอบวา) I do not give up other
people\'s morals Others are ignorant, obscene, of bad intelligence, all
of these contemplative brahmins are fools, all these contemplative
brahmins are foolish. Existence in the view.
[530] The word does not
allow other people\'s dharma to be unlawful. He does not see the way,
does not approve, does not approve of the Dharma, which is the view, the
way of others, therefore it is called not allowing the Dharma of others.

[531] Others are bully, lewd, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, vile,
lewd, filthy, filthy, ignorant, ignorant, Therefore, it is ignorant,
ignorant, ignorant, filthy and ignorant. Therefore, other people are
called rascals with bad intelligence.
[532] All samanas and brahmins
are The bully has a deteriorating intelligence. All these contemplatives
and brahmins are foolish, wicked, lewd, filthy, filthy, inferior,
ignorant, ill-witted, ill-witted. They have impudent intelligence,
unclean wisdom, and inferior intelligence, therefore they are called all
ascetics and brahmins as fools, degenerates, and degenerates.
[533]
All these recluse and brahmins There is circumstance in the view that
the ascetic- \*all these brahmins is a person who walks with a view
Those contemplatives and brahmins hold, hold, hold, hold, hold, hold on
to one thing, 62 The name stands for coexistence, coexistence,
coexistence, surrounds one\'s view, like a householder. His name is in
the house. The venerable monks are called guilty. or those who have
defilements, name, speech, are in defilements, therefore they are called
defilements, all recluses and brahmins. Therefore, the Blessed One
replied, I do not allow other people\'s dharma. Others are rascals,
ignorant, ignorant, and all brahmins. A fool with deteriorating
intelligence, all these ascetics and brahmins. There is circumstance in
the view.
[534] If the ascetics and brahmins were the leaders He was
enlightened because of his views; he was enlightened, pure, wise,
knowledgeable. Of those contemplatives and brahmins, none of them would
be ignorant around them. because view is a natural even those brahmins
Take that perfection.
[535] the word if it is the director dazzled
because of the one\'s pride means being wise, radiating, not grieving,
because of one\'s view, decency, preference, and doctrine; therefore, it
is called if Job, one who is enlightened because of his obedience.


[536] The word \"completely wise, wise, knowledgeable\" means
\"completely wise,\" pure wisdom There is pure intelligence all around.
shrewdly wise Have a clear intelligence. the other is an opinionated
person. Purely, there is purely commentary, cheesy, there is purely
opinion all around. have a clear view, have a clear view, therefore
Therefore, he is called a person who is completely wise. The word wise
means one who is wise, wise, wise, knowledgeable. I have wisdom,
enlightenment He has the wisdom to destroy defilements, therefore he is
known as a person who is completely wise. Lat. Kham Kham Kee. Knowledge
means that I am a fool. Knowledgeable, wise, enlightened, wise,
enlightened, wise. destroying desires, therefore it is called a wise
man. Wisdom is a wise man with knowledge.
[537] The saying that those
recluses and brahmins will not be ignorant around them. Then no one will
be ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, ignorant, filthy, corrupt,
low degree another all samanas and brahmins will be a person with
excellent intelligence with excellent wisdom, with excellent wisdom,
with superior wisdom, with great wisdom, with great wisdom, hence the
name of those recluses and brahmins.
[538] The word because of the
view is the nature of those ascetics and brahmins take perfection. Thus,
the view is the nature that those ascetics and brahmins hold in
perfection, reconciliation, clinging, clinging, enthralled, complacent.
so Therefore it is called because view is the nature of the ascetic-
\*those brahmins take such perfection. because of that The Blessed One
replied, If the ascetics and brahmins were presumptuous because of their
views A person who is wise, pure, intelligent, knowledgeable. Of those
contemplatives and brahmins, none of them would be ignorant around them.
because view is the nature of even those ascetics and brahmins Take that
perfection.
[539] What do the couples say to each other that they are
bullies? I do not say That view is true The ascetics and brahmins made
their views true, and that\'s why the recluses and brahmins saw others
as fools.
[540] Vocabulary in the word I am not. Saying that it is
true is a denial. The word Ditthi is Ditthi62, therefore I do not It
proclaims that the commandment appoints, reveals, classifies, makes
shallow, declares the view that 62 is true, true, true, true, not
perverted, therefore it is known. I don\'t say that assumption is true.

[541] The word \"dual\" in the word \"pair\" says anything about each
other as bullies, meaning that two people, namely two people who make a
quarrel Two people who made the meaning two people who made Controversy,
two people arguing, two people arguing with each other, two people
speaking, two people talking to each other. Those couples say, tell,
speak, show, make statements to each other.

So that you are a vile, lewd, filthy, filthy, inferior hooligan.
therefore called the couple What Prabhaditsi said to each other as being
bullies.
[542] the saying that the ascetics and brahmins have acted
their beliefs The ascetics and brahmins made their views that it was
true, claiming that the world was perfect. This is true, nothing else.
The world is impermanent. This is true. Everything else is empty, etc.
An animal, after death, does not live again. This is not true or
anything else, hence the name that the ascetics and brahmins have made
their views true.
[543] The word because of the that, in the word, for
that reason So the monks and brahmins sees other people as bullies,
meaning that because of that Because of that situation, one sees, that
is, to see, to look at, to look at, to look at, to scrutinize, to
consider others as rascal, vile, depraved, obscene, dirty, inferior;
therefore, it is called because That\'s why the ascetics and brahmins
saw people as bullies. Therefore, the Blessed One replied, What do the
couples say about each other as bullies? I do not say That view is true
The ascetics and brahmins made their views true, and that\'s why the
recluses and brahmins saw others as fools.
[544] (Buddhist Nimit asked
again.) What do some ascetics and brahmins say is true, even recluse and
brahmins say? The Dhamma is not false. Those ascetics and brahmins hold
their views, even so, why are they quarreling? Therefore, the
contemporaries and brahmins do not say the same thing. It means that one
of these ascetics and brahmins say, say, speak, and declare the Dharma,
which is the Ditthi Patipada, this way, this Dharma is true and true. It
is true, true, not perverted, therefore it is called a certain brahmin.
They say what dharma is true.
[546] The word recluses and brahmins,
even others Saying that Dharma is not a lie, saying that other
ascetics-\* Brahmins say, speak, show, and declare that the Dharma is
the Ditthi, the Patipada, and that is the way. That this dharma is
empty, false, not true, nonsense, and not true, therefore it is called
that the ascetic and brahmins say that dharma. False blank.
[547] The
saying that these brahmins are arrogant and quarrelsome, meaning that
these brahmins that is to hold on to, to hold on to, to hold on to make
sure make a difference to quarrel You do not know this discipline, etc.,
or amend it in order to liberate the speech. if you can Therefore it is
said that those ascetics and brahmins held this view and quarreled with
each other.
[548] Why, in the word why, the brahmins do not speak.

In the same way, what happens because of events, causes, factors, tales,
samudaya, nations, and realms? d The same thing is said differently.
Many things say other words, speak, speak, so much declaration, hence
the name. For what reason do the recluses and brahmins not mention it?
the same because of that the Buddha vision therefore asked What do some
ascetics and brahmins say is true? Brahmins, even those Others say that
dharma is false. Those ascetics and brahmins held this view and
quarreled with each other. The same thing.
[549] (The Blessed One
replied,) How clearly the truth is that among the beings? not quarrel
There is only one truth, not two. Showing different truths because of
that Therefore, those monks and brahmins did not Said the same thing.
There is only one truth.
[550] The word truth may be There is only one
thing, not two things. Nirvana is the cessation of suffering, which is
the peace of all phenomena. renunciation of all possessions The
cessation of craving, the cessation of craving, the cessation of
craving, the cessation of it. find it as a fastener called the truth
Like, right intention, right negotiation, right action, right
livelihood, right effort, right mindfulness, right determination,
rightly called truth. Therefore, it is called Truth. there is only one,
not two things. Do not quarrel about any truth. The word Paja is the
name of an animal. A group of beings is clearly, knows all, knows,
knows, knows, knows, always knows, which truth should not cause
conflict. Therefore, they should not cause conflicts, not cause
quarrels, and should not harm each other, that is, to abandon,
alleviate, and bring about an end. the absence of quarrels, the meaning
of each other quarrels, quarrels, malices with each other, therefore it
is called a group of beings who clearly know what truth they should not
quarrel about. Those brahmins boasted different truths. That said, those
brahmins brahmins boasted, spoke, and made statements of truth. It\'s
just that the world is so cool, this is true. Everything else is empty,
the world is impermanent, etc. The creatures that precede them but die
can never be again, they cannot become lost again. Only this is true
Other things are empty, therefore they are called brahmins. will vary by
itself.
[553] the word because of that, in the word because of that
Therefore, those monks and brahmins did not

They said the same thing, saying that because of that, that is, because
of events, causes, factors, stories, those contemporaries and brahmins
did not speak. It is the same thing, that many things have been said.
That\'s why. Therefore, those contemplatives and brahmins did not say
the same thing. because of that The Blessed One said, No matter what
truth a group of beings know, they do not quarrel, that is the only
truth, neither are there two. boast of various truths; therefore, those
brahmins So it\'s not the same thing.
[554] (Phra Buddhanimit asked
again) For what reason? Priests and Brahmins So said various truths,
namely, who claimed to be a wise man, asserted and confirmed many
truths. whether the ascetics and brahmins have heard it is the truth
many things together or those brahmins Remember to remember yourself.

[555] In the word for what reason, why? So the monks and brahmins
Telling the truth, what is the reason? What is the reason? So the
ascetics and brahmins spoke various truths, namely, many things. to say
other words, to say, to speak, to make a statement; therefore, why is it
called? So the monks and brahmins Telling the truth will go to different
places.
[556] The word affirmative, in the word one who pretends to be
wise, affirms many truths. Ja talks too much Therefore, it is said that
some confirmation. On the other hand, these ascetics and brahmins say
that this is true. Nothing else, the world is not equal, etc., the
beings that precede but dies can never be again, nor will they become
dead again. this is true Anything else is empty. The word
self-proclaimed wise means that one is wise. said that he was a graduate
said that he was a Thihon say that he is intellect, say that he speaks
by reason said that he spoke in a manner said that he spoke by
circumstance say that he speaks by his position, by his own beliefs,
therefore it is called a person who believes himself as a person Lat
said confirming.
[557] The word of truth that the recluses and
brahmins have heard It is many and many different truths. The truth that
the ascetics and brahmins have heard is many and many different truths.
There are many other things, so it is known as the truth. The samana and
brahmin have heard many different truths.
[558] The words, or those
brahmins, are ephemeral. Think for yourself, what does it mean? Those
contemplatives and brahmins would go on, on, on, on, on, with thought,
with thought, with thought. In spite of this, therefore, it is called,
or that those brahmins remember and meditate on their own. Those
contemplatives and brahmins would say, tell, speak, show, and proclaim
the truths that they had gathered in thought. which oneself thinks with
consideration which oneself knows, even for this reason, therefore, they
are called or those brahmins Remember to remember yourself. because of
that the Buddha vision

therefore asked For what reason? The ascetics and brahmins said that
they would go to different places, that is, claiming to be wise.
affirmed many truths, which were heard by the ascetics and brahmins. are
many different truths, or are those brahmins contemplating them for
themselves. answer) There are many different truths that are not true
except for certain truths. with a contract in the world The ascetics and
brahmins, having meditated on all views, spoke of the Dharma. 2 As if my
words were true Your statement is false. There is no difference between
the truth and the truth. different things, many things, many others, not
at all, therefore it is called that there is no such thing as many
different truths. ] The word except the truth that is certain by the
promise in the world means that except the truth that is held noon with
the contract Ya said it was absolutely true. the only words that the
graduates say to make a statement in the world which includes all the
fury, nirvana, all peace, renunciation of all possessions lust The
fulfillment of craving, the cessation of it, the release of it is a
hundred instruments. On the other hand, makkha saccha niyana truth is
dukkha nirodha gamine patipada, i.e. the Noble Eightfold Path, namely
approval, etc. The right concentration of the mind is called the
absolute truth. only, therefore it is called, except for certain truths
with the promises in the world.
[562] The words, as the ascetics and
brahmins have enumerated in all views, have said the Dhamma in two ways:
My words are true. Your words are false, that the ascetics and brahmins
have thought about it. To be born, to be born, to be born, to be born
Then said, told, spoke, made a statement like this, that my words were
true. Your words are false, therefore they are called as scumbags and
brahmins have enumerated in all views. Told the Dharma in two ways that
our words were true. Your words are true. Therefore, the Blessed One
replied, Many truths are not mutually exclusive, but the truth is
certain, with the world\'s promises, as enlightened by the ascetics and
brahmins. in all views Told the Dharma in two ways that our words were
true. Your statement is false.
[563] Lord Ditthi relies on these
dharmas: visible forms, heard sounds, sacraments, or known emotions. one
who shows disdain for others and stays in the view, is judged and
rejoices in saying that others are bullies J Lat. Chao Thitthi shows
disrespect to others.


[564] The word lord of view based on these dharmas is the seen form,
the heard sound, the sacrament, or the known emotion. is one who shows
disrespect to others, meaning that the ruler is dwelling, holding on,
clinging to, holding on to the form seen; purity because of the seen
form. some audible sound, pure sound Some fly, some precepts, some
purity, some precepts, some purity. Because of the observance of the
known emotion, the purity of the known emotion, hence the name. that the
figure that can see the sound in the sacrament or in a known mood. to
show contempt for others, meaning that the ruler is disrespectful, even
for that reason he is regarded as one who shows contempt. Even for that
reason, he is known as one who shows contempt. Therefore, he is called
lord of view based on these dharmas, namely form seen, sound heard,
ceremonies, or emotions. Known Being a person who shows disrespect to
others.
[565] The word that is established in the view is judged and
rejoiced means that 62 views are called judgment. Lord Ditthi has
established himself firmly in the judged view, hence the name is
established in the judged view. The word rejoicing is one who is happy,
laughs, is cheerful, is contented, is full of enthusiasm. Laughing until
teeth appear. Therefore, it is called that it is set in view, is
judgment, is cheerful.
[566] It is said that other people are bullies.
Unwise, saying, telling, speaking, showing, declaring in this way that
the other person is rascal, vile, depraved, filthy, inferior, unwise,
ignorant. has gone in ignorance, has no insight, has no enlightenment,
has evil wisdom, therefore it is said that others are fools, not Smart.
Because of that The Blessed One replied that the lord of these dharmas
is the form that can be seen, the sound received, the sacrament, or the
emotion that is known. one who shows contempt for others, and is
standing in the view, is judged, is cheerful, saying that others are
bullies, not Wise.
[567] Why does Chao Ditthi see another person as a
bully? and referred to him as Therefore wise, Chao Ditthi boasts that he
is wise on his own, and insults others. and say the same thing. Chao
Ditthi sees another person as bully
[568] The word Chao Ditthi sees
another person as a bully because Chao Ditthi sees, sees, and View the
page, consider the other person. By being bully, depraved, lewd,
obscene, filthy, and inferior, for whatever reason, it is a situation,
the cause of birth, therefore it is called Chao Thit See. other people
say that he is a bully for what reason. He is called Atma. Even so. said
about him We are wise, wise, wise, knowledgeable, wise, enlightened,
wise to destroy defilements. with the factors that cause it to be the
land of the

Therefore, he was named and referred to himself as a wise man.
[570]
The word Ditthi boasts of being wise by oneself, meaning that Chao
Ditthi boasts of being wise too. Self is boasting of being a Thit boasts
of being a wise man, boasting of being a wise man, boasting of saying
that by reason. boast of speaking by character, boasting of speech,
boasting of speaking by position, by one\'s own beliefs, therefore it is
called you. Ditthi boasts that he is wise on his own.
[571] The word
insulting another person. And saying the same thing, because it is
disrespectful, it is called insulting another person. Another thing,
because it still produces sorrow, therefore it is called insulting
another person. Such words and words are the same. Saying such a view,
even for the following reasons This person is a die-hard person. having
a perverted view, therefore it is called demeaning another person and
saying so Therefore, the Blessed One replied, Why did Chao Titthi see
the other person as a bully? and referred to himself as the so smart
Chao Ditthi boasts that he is wise by himself, insulting others. and say
the same thing.
[572] that chaditthi a person who is complete
(Ditthiluangkaensan) is a drunkard with arrogance. full of arrogance Wed
ourselves by heart Because the view of Chao Ditthi is so perfect. Ditthi
62 is called atisara ditthi
[573] The word Chao Ditthi He is a person
who is complete with atisa-ditthi, which means that 62 kinds of views
are called adisa-ditthi, for what reason? The 62 kinds of views are
called atisara ditthi. For that reason, 62 views are called
Atisara-ditthi. Dear, even if all of them are Atisara-ditthi, why? care
for all therefore called me Atisarn Ditthidee those advancing over one
another, striving to be born, to be born, to be born, to be born only
because of that Therefore, all cares are called is a person who has
atisarn view. The word Chao Ditthi is a person Complete means that he is
a complete person. so flawed Therefore it is called Chao Ditthi who is
full of Atisaraditthi.
[574] the word drunk with arrogance full of
arrogance, meaning being a drunkard Because of one\'s views, therefore,
it is called a person who came with arrogance. The word possessiveness
means that one is fully conceited, conceited, complete, not impaired,
therefore it is called a drunkard. arrogance There is a full
circumspection.
[575] The words of self-wedding We wish ourselves to
be wise, wise, wise, knowledgeable, wise, enlightened. Has the wisdom to
destroy the gleise, therefore it is called the apocalypse of oneself by
heart.
[576] The word because your view is so perfect, that view is
yours.

That view, that perfection That is, a view that the Lord holds, holds,
holds, clings, clings, has been enthralled, hence the name word. So the
view of Chao Ditthi is so perfect. Therefore, the Blessed One replied,
that titthi a person who is complete being drunk with arrogance full of
arrogance Abhisek himself with heart because of that view of the ruler
So perfect.
[577] If a person is evil because of the words of others
That person is a person who has Wisdom along with others another If a
person is Vedic, a wise person, anyone among the recluses and brahmins
Certainly not a bully.
[578] \"If a person is evil because of the
words of another person, if the other person is bully, vile, depraved,
obscene, filthy, inferior because of the word, because of the word,
because of the gossip criticized more than others, therefore Therefore
it is called if a person is a bad person because of the words of others.

[579] The word that a person is wise along with others means that even
that person is wise. Poor intelligence, poor intelligence, poor
intelligence, dirty intelligence, poor intelligence, low intelligence.
along with that person, hence the name that person is wise man along
with that other person.
[580] Another word If a person is magic a wise
man himself means a person is a wise man, a sage, a wise man,
knowledgeable, wise, enlightened. It is wise to destroy the angels, so
it is called another if a person is a Vedic person is a sage.
[581]
The word that anyone among the recluses and brahmins is not bully Among
the ascetics and brahmins are vagabonds, vile, abominable, lewd, filthy,
inferior, that is, all of them will be fools. of great wisdom, great
wisdom, great wisdom, great wisdom Wisdom abounds with wisdom, hence its
name. that anyone among the recluses and brahmins is not a fool. Because
of that The Blessed One said, Well, if a person is an idiot because of
another\'s words That person is a person who has Wisdom along with
others On the other hand, if a person is a dual Vedic, a virtuous
person, anyone among the recluses and brahmins Certainly not a bully.

[582] Those who glorify a dharma other than this one are those who err
on the path of purification. being imperfect Even so, with great
stubbornness, because they are greedy with lust because of their views.
their own.
[583] Whosoever glorifies a dharma other than this, those
who err on the path of purification? complete, meaning that any people
will praise the Dharma.

i.e., Ditthi, Patipada, the Path other than this Dharma, those are those
who stumble, stumble, stray from the path of purification, the path of
excellence. The path of purity all round, the path of whiteness, the
path of whiteness all around, is called a stumbling block from
enlightenment. that is, they are vile, lewd, filthy, and inferior, hence
their name. What people would praise a dharma other than this one? He is
the one who strays from the path of completeness, who is imperfect.
Ditthi is called Tittha.
[584] The words that the Deaths say even In
this way by ditthima, ditthi is called Tittha. Chao Ditthi is called
Dear people. Those who are wise say, tell, speak, show, declare, which
is very astute, hence the name Speech. The indigenous people are very
arrogant to say this.
[585] The word because the Diaries are
delighted. lusting for one\'s views, that is, those dear ones, who
rejoice with lust because of their views. Therefore, the name is verb,
because the Daisy people rejoice. aspirations because of their views.
because of that The Blessed One replied, \"Those who glorify a dharma
other than this, those who stumble on the path of purification. the
imperfect, the deceitful, even this very arrogant, because of the poor
That car is the owner. with great pleasure Determined because of their
own views.
[586] Depressed people The Lord said that purity exists
only in this dharma, not excellence in all other dharmas. The Deathites
have established themselves even in this way, with Titthima as the
speaker of the Dharma. It\'s their own way of doing things. Concerning
the views of the Diaries
[587] The word Deity speaks of purity that
only exists in this Dharma. Speaks, speaks, expresses a statement which
is pure, pure, wonderful. Completely around the liberation of magic,
liberation in this dharma that the world is divine. This is true Other
things are empty ... the world is not indifferent, the Yong, etc., the
animals that precede but die. It is, it is, it is, it is, it is, it is,
nothing else, hence the name of the wise. said purely that there is only
in this dharma Shan argued against all other people\'s words, except the
Prophet, the Dharma that the Prophet said, his own group of views, his
way of saying, saying, saying, showing, making a statement like this:
The Prophet was not omniscient. That dharma is not dharma. That group is
not a good practice. That view is not a good view, that practice is not
a good law. That path is not the path leading to the cessation of
suffering, purification, purification.

magic, excellence, liberation, excellence, or excellence. Not in that
dharma, all beings are not pure, not pure or wonderful. The ant does not
pass the cycle, does not escape the magic, does not escape because of
the Dharma but he is wicked, depraved, lewd, filthy, and inferior. in
all other dharmas.
[589] The word ditthi is established even in this
way by supreme supremacy, ditthi is called tittha. The Deerees. The
Deerees are entrenched only to be entangled in their afflictions; they
go to the extreme, by the great view, therefore they are called the
Diaries. Confident even in this way, with great stubbornness.
[590]
The word is the speaker in the Dharma. is the way of one\'s way of
dharma. as confirmed, said stable, said strong, said true in the Dharma
which is one\'s way, therefore it is called the one who speaks and
affirms the Dhamma as his own way. because of that The Blessed One
replied, \'The Diaries would say purification: There is only in this
dharma, not to mention the supreme purity of all other dharmas. The
Diaries established this by Thitthima is the one who spoke about the
Dharma. It\'s their own way of doing things.
[591] In addition, Chao
Ditthi is a person. One who insists on the Dhamma which is his own way
should be seen by others as being foolish because of that view. that
titthi Telling other people that they are bullies is naturally
impeccable. should bring their own evil intentions.
[592]
Incidentally, Chao Ditthi is the one who confirms the Dharma. One\'s way
of going is Dharma, Ditthi, Patipada. The way is called Dharma as one\'s
way. as the spokesperson confirmed, said stable, said strong, said
Therefore, it is also called Chao Ditthi is the owner insist on the
Dharma as their own path.
[593] The word, because of that view, in the
word that one should regard another person as a fool, because of that
view, it means that one should look, look, look, examine, and scrutinize
others. D. A foolish, wicked, atheist, lewd, filthy, inferior because of
his viewpoint, namely, his own decency, his own doctrine, hence the name
that one should be seen as a fool because of that view.
[594] The word
Chao Ditthi refers to another person as a bully. There is a common
impermanence. should bring self-indulgence, saying, saying, saying,
saying, expressing, declaring in this way that another person is a
bully, a bad person Slow, obscene, dirty, inferior, impure not pure, not
pure, not pure round, not white, as usual, should bring, bring, bring,
bring, bring, draw, draw quarrels, quarrels, quarrels with oneself,
hence the name Chao Ditthi said the other person was a bully. not
completely should bring his own ambition because of that The Blessed One
replied, \"In addition, Chao Ditthi is the one who affirms the Dhamma
which is his own way. It should be seen.

whoever said he was a fool because of that view Chao Ditthi said the
other person was a bully and was naturally imperfect. should bring their
own evil intentions.
[595] Chao Ditthi located in the view that has
been decided self-respect quarrel In the future, in the world, the
jantujan, neglects all the decisions that have been made. would not do
debate in the world.
[596] The word is set in a decided view.
Self-respecting, the 62 things of view are called views that have
decided upon the owner of the view to be established only by holding on
to one another. hold on to the view that he has decided Therefore, it is
said that it is established in a view that has been decided. The word
self-respect is self-examination, then this teacher is omnipotent. This
Dharma, which the Master has already taught This group has practiced
well, this view is a ditthicharoen. This sacrament, which the Prophet
has done well This way is the way that leads to the cessation of
suffering, therefore it is called self-respecting, therefore it is
called that it is established in a view that is self-respecting.
[597]
The word Chao Ditthi refers to the quarrels ahead in the world, meaning
the future is called the future. Forward one\'s words, reaching,
reaching, holding, holding on, holding on to quarrels, quarrels and
quarrels argue with yourself Even for this reason, therefore, it is
called Chao Ditthi, which means sophistication. in the future in the
world. another Chao Ditthi is quarrelsome, arrogant, quarrelsome,
quarrelsome. with another person who said in the future that you do not
know this discipline, etc., or amend it to relieve the speech if can
even for this reason hence the name swim to the quarrels ahead in the
world.
[598] The word that has all been decided The 62 things of view
are called Ditthi who decided to give up and let go alleviation leads to
an end to nothing All the views that one has decided, therefore it is
called abandoning the views that have all been decided.
[599] The word
Jantujan \... does not cause controversy in the world. not arguing, not
quarreling, not arguing as true as the Blessed One said See Acquivessana
A bhikkhu who has a mind freed like this will not argue, do not quarrel
with anyone. what they say in the world said according to that I do not
believe. The name Jantujan is an emperor, a living person, who was born.
The birth of a human being. The word in the world is, in the world of
evil, the world of man, the world, the world, the world, the world, the
world, the world, hence the name vagabond. because of that Blessed One
therefore answered that Chao Ditthi is located in a view that is
self-respecting and quarrelsome. In the future, in the world of
supremacy, after all decisions are made, there is no debate in this
world. Graduated from Chulawiyuha Sutta Nittas 12th.

\-\-\-\-- There is a circumstance in this view, saying that this is
true, those brahmins and ascetics. All of them could be seen or praised
because of that view.
[601] Any of the words in any of these
ceremonial and brahmins are circumscribed in view. All by all, by all
means, by all means, there is no rest, there is no rest. Any of these
words It\'s all aforementioned. The word there is prevailing in the view
that there is one of these recluses and brahmins. go with these brahmins
that hold, hold, hold, hold on around in the Their pride is like that of
a householder named swim in the boat Therefore, the monks whose name is
sinful, or those whose name is defilement, are known as defilements.
therefore it is called that any one of these ascetics and brahmins is
omnipotent in view.
[602] The word means that This is true, saying,
saying, saying, showing, proclaiming that the world is divine. this is
true The world is impermanent, etc. The creatures that precede but die
will not live again, they will not be a thing. This is true, nothing
else, hence the name Vac. would say that this is true.
[603] All of
those contemplative brahmins are scolding, saying that all those
brahmins are insulting. Condescending, gossip, reproach, no praise, it
is the people who are beaten. The Tatian did not glorify, hence the name
of all those brahmins and ascetics.
[604] The word or can be glorified
because of that view, verb or can be said only, concurrently,
experiencing praise, admiration, admiration, admiration in Because of
his view, his decency, his decency, his doctrine, therefore it is called
or is to be praised because of that view. because of that Then the
Buddha vision asked: any one of these brahmins There is circumstance in
the view, it is said that this is true, all those ascetics and brahmins.
Was the gossip gossip? would be glorified because of that view.
[605]
(The Blessed One replied,) Well, that praise is little, not enough to
calm defilements. I would say two consequences of a quarrel. Even if one
sees the blame see that the landscape of no quarrel is

Kasem nature, do not quarrel.
[606] Praise is little, praise is
little, not enough to calm desires. Praise is a little, a little
abominable, a little obscene, a filthy, a little inferior, therefore
praise is little. The word not enough to calm desire means not enough to
satisfy lust, anger, hatred, anger, anger, negligence, stigmatization,
envy, stinginess, arrogance, arrogance, stubbornness. Good competition,
all arrogance, all disdain, all drunkenness, all intoxication, all
defilements, all anxiety. All the rage, all the trouble, all the trouble
All unwholesome deeds, to be calm, to be calm, to extinguish, to give
up, to cease all All unwholesome deeds, let them calm, go in, calm down,
give up Therefore, praise is not enough. To calm the passion. on two
outcomes of quarrels Controversy because of view divisiveness because of
view Disputes because of ditthi, arguing because of ditthi have two
consequences: victory and loss, wealth and deterioration. dignity and
disgrace Gossip and Praise, Joy and Sorrow, Joy and Sorrow, Desire and
Undesirable Temper, Like and Hate. The rise and fall Joy and glee.
another I say, dictate, dictate, appoint, reveal, classify, shallow,
proclaim that karma leads to hell, in hell. The birth of the beast It is
in the vision of the Preta, therefore it is called that the result of a
quarrel is two things. In the sense that a person has seen the blame,
even then \... should not quarrel. has made it known that the penalty
for quarrels because of views The meaning is certain because of the
view. quarrels because of views; quarrels because of views. Controversy
because of views, therefore it is called seeing the blame. The word not
to quarrel means not to quarrel, not to do, the meaning of each other,
not to do, to quarrel, not to quarrel. to cause quarreling, that is, to
be relieved and put an end to nothing which quarrels, meanings,
quarrels, quarrels, and quarrels should be the only exceptions to shake
off, do not cling to, have a mind It frees the boundaries from quarrels,
quarrels, quarrels, and quarrels, therefore it is known that if it sees
a penalty, even then \... do not quarrel.
[609] The word sees in the
landscape of non-controversy. It is the Kasem nature, meaning that
immortal nirvana is the peace of all beings. The relinquishment of all
impermanence, the cessation of craving,

The cessation of craving, the cessation of craving, the cessation of
craving is a straitjacket, called the landscape of non-quarreling. by
nature Kasem is the most resistant and the strongest. a refuge, a safe
place, a safe place is immortal is extinguished, hence its name. I see
that the landscape of non-controversy is a natural Kasem. because of
that The Blessed One replied, Praise is nothing less. to calm my desires
The result of a quarrel is said to be in two ways. Even if a person sees
the penalty, he sees the landscape of non-quarreling. It is natural, not
quarrelsome.
[610] Any one of these assumptions born of ordinary
people knowledgeable person It is not up to all of those assumptions
that a person who has no intention of accessing that machine Do not like
the picture that you see. in the sound up to the sankhara dharma What
should be accessed?
[611] Any of these words in any one of these
hypotheses that are born of a human being, all meanings by all, by all.
by all means The remainder cannot be found, there is no remainder. Any
of these words is the sum of all. The word supposition is Ditthi 62. In
other respects, it is called a hypothesis. The word mortal birth is
those suppositions that mortals give birth to, or that mortal people are
born, hence the name that mortals are born. Therefore, it is called one
of these suppositions. born to ordinary people.
[612] The word
knowledgeable person does not reach all those assumptions, that a person
who is knowledgeable in wisdom, intellect, enlightened, enlightened,
wise to destroy defilements Does not reach, does not reach, does not
hold, does not cling to, does not hold on to all those assumptions,
therefore he is called a person of knowledge. Certainly not all of those
assumptions. on the two ways of accessing desires
[613] The name
passion is the access tool in the word person who has no Evil is the
means of access, that ... what sankhara dharma should be accessed? i.e.
defilements which are accessible to two things, namely defilements are
the means of access, which is lust 1, defilements are the means of
access to view 1, etc., this is called passion. Other works that are
accessible are lust, etc., this is called desire, which is
accessibility, is view. That person\'s passion is an access tool. that
is, lust relinquishes desire as a means of accessibility. Thi because he
is the one who leaves the passion as the means of access is lust. Giving
back defilements as a means of approaching, which is the view that there
is no defilement as a means of reaching, one should approach, hold on,
hold on, hold on to what form, what feeling. What covenant, what body,
what spirit, what motto, what cultivating, what world, what pity, what
cycle, what is our self? ...What is the sankhara dharma that should be
accessed?
[614] The word disapproval in the form seen in the sound
received. does not mean

pleasure, contentment, love, lust, that is, not to desire, etc. to
arise, to arise, to arise, to arise, to arise, to arise only in forms
seen, or in purification of forms seen in audible sound, or in purest of
voices, or in purest of emotions Therefore, it is known not to please
the form seen and the sound heard. The Blessed One replied, Any one of
these assumptions born of ordinary people A person with incomprehensible
knowledge All these assumptions a person who has no It is not an access
device. Appealing to the form seen in the sound received What should one
reach into the sankhara dharma?
[615] Priests and Brahmins who are
able to enter and settle speak purely with eloquence We all study in
this view. and the purity of the observance Those monks and brahmins are
the ones who have access to the world. and said to be wise. Concerning
those who have merit and are ready to consist of 4 dharmas
[616] The
word that the important ascetics and brahmins say that the precepts are
supreme \... to speak purely with comprehension, meaning that there are
some ascetics and brahmins who claimed that the precepts Those nuns and
brahmins spoke, said, spoke, expressed, proclaiming purity. excellence,
excellence, completeness, liberation, liberation, liberation, cessation,
because of the precepts. Because of the consensus because of caution,
because of negligence as if she had parted the son of Paripashika The
name of the sacrament is said to be like the carpenter. In other words,
he is a person who has a merit that is ready. have great merit One who
is a worthy arhat, a monk is a person who cannot fight the four virtues,
why? in this world One does not commit a sinful act of the body; one
does not speak an obscene speech; one does not think of an obscene
cause. 1 would not rely on an obscene occupation. The person who is
composed of These four things are said to be a person who has merit and
is ready and has merit. especially the one who reaches the almighty
Arahants that should be a monk who reads Just as no one can fight, there
are some brahmins who claim that the precepts and the brahmins can to
say, to say, to speak, to express, to make a statement of purity,
excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation by virtue of
virtue think of consolidation Because of caution Because of negligence,
so am I. Therefore, they are called Brahmins who are important as
precepts... Completely with conscientiousness. on the reconciliation of
various observances.
[617] The word vat in the word reconciliation and
then enters into reconciliation means holding reconciliation.

to hold, accept, hold on to the hathiwat (behave like an elephant) Sawat
Kowat Rojawat Kukkurawat Kawat Wasu Devawat Punnaphat Dhawat
Maniphattawat Akkiwat Nakhawat Supanawat Yakkhawat Asurawat
Khanthappawatra Maharajwat Chantha Wat Suriyawat, Inthawat, Brahmawat,
Devavat, or Tisawatra and settled in. He enters, settles in, enters,
enters, enters, seduces, compromises, therefore it is said that he has
settled in and settled in.
[618] The words in this view, in the words
we study in this view, and the completeness of the routine, study,
behave generously. behave willingly He meditated and behaves according
to his own ideology, hence the name to study in this view. The words and
the purification of the rites are meanings and the purification of the
virtuous, the virtuous, the liberation, the excellence, the excellence
of the rites, therefore they are called Study in this view and the
purity of the practice.
[619] The word \'accessor\' in the word
\'accessor\' of the world and is said to be wise. As a person who
approaches the realm, approaches the realm, is enamored in the realm, is
willing to go into the realm, therefore it is called a commuter. to the
word world and said that he was an It means that there is a speech that
is wise, has a speech that is a sage, has a speech that is a scholar
There is a speech that is wise; there is a speech by reason having
speech by character, mavida by speech, having speech by position, by
one\'s own beliefs, therefore, he is known as a person who has reached
the world and said to be the Lat. Therefore, the Blessed One replied,
Priests and Brahmins who are supreme precepts reconciled and settled in
said the purity Summarize that We all study in this view, and that
purification of the teachings. Those ascetics and brahmins are the ones
who have access to the world and are said to be wise.
[620] If a
person is an move from precepts and ceremonies One loses karma, and then
becomes shaken, is indifferent and desires purity. like the man who
issued from the house, unable to keep up with them, therefore. Regarding
the reason for the departure from the precepts and ceremonies, a person
who moves From the sacrament of sacrament because of two reasons: one
moves because of the judgment of another; one does not attain and
therefore moves 1. One moves because of the judgment of the person How
do you deliver? No. Good practice does not progress the prophet is not
good The path is not the path leading out of suffering. Purity is good
Magical purity is good. Good elimination, good emancipation, good
emancipation. The end of the cycle is good. not in that dharma People
don\'t mind The ant is not cleanly, wonderful, not cleanly around. I\'m
not out of magic, I\'m not out of cycle

In that dharma, being wicked, wicked, lewd, filthy, filthy, inferior,
others are decisive in this way. A person who, when others decides like
this, moves away from the Prophet. Moved from the Dharma that the
Prophet said, moved from the group, moved from the view. move away from
move from the path Individuals move because of the judgment of others
like this. A person who does not reach the goal How? A person who has
not attained the precepts moves away from the precepts who have not
attained the precepts. Prataya Jom Klue One who does not attain
precepts, and ascends from precepts and ascetics does not attain
another. Therefore, it is said that if a person is a monk, other from
the precepts and precepts
[622] The word that person ... is shaken. In
the word that person has lost his action to tremble, to shake, to shake,
to shake err, and we stumble from arahatship, hence the name that person
... is shaken. The word wrong karma means that a person is trembling and
trembling that Punyaphisankhara is good. Apunyaphisankhara is good.
Anenchaphisangkhara is good. We have made a mistake. we missed out hence
the name Vac That person has lost his karma and is shaken.
[623] The
word sorrow is referred to in the word sorrow Reaching and wishing for
purity, meaning: dazed, lusted after, dreamed of some precepts,
blessings, virtues, and blessings, hence the name. is indifferent to the
word and desires purity, meaning desires, desires, dreams of
purification because of some precepts. Purity because of the blessing
Purity because of precepts and Blessing Chang, hence the name Vaj. He is
neglectful and longs for purity.
[624] The word is like a man who
leaves a house and fails to keep up with them; therefore, a man who
leaves a house is with them, following them. or return to his own house,
as a person who walks in sway hold on to that prophet or any other
prophet The Dharma that the Prophet said or another Dharma proclaimed by
the Master, that clan, or any other clan, that view, or any other view,
that practice, or any other practice, that path, or any other path,
therefore it is called like a man who fails to keep up with them. so
Therefore, the Blessed One therefore answered that If a person is a
person move from precepts and ceremonies One who has lost his karma, is
shaken, is indifferent and desires purity. like the man who issued from
the house to follow not a thousand people therefore. Vajrasattvas and
Vajrasattvas do not desire purity. and imperfection, is the exception,
does not adhere to the prevailing view Behave.
[626] Abandoning all
precepts and blessings, refraining, alleviating, bringing an end to
nothing. which is pure because of all the precepts Purity because of all
ascetics

It is purely because of all precepts and precepts, therefore it is
called abandoning all precepts and precepts. Concerning vajjakarma,
avajjakarma
[627] The word forsaking karma is is a woman Vajjana and
anathema means karma Black with black fruit is called vajjakāma. White
karma has white karma. alleviate, put an end to the ignorance karma and
avatar, hence the name of abandoning that karma. It\'s a woman\'s
vaccination and anamnesis.
[628] The words do not desire purity and
impurity means that the mortals desire impurity, that is, to desire
unwholesome qualities. The desire for purity is longing for you Desire
for imperfection, i.e. longing for unwholesome qualities and five
virtues. Desire for purification, i.e. desire ditthi 62 one desires
imperfection, i.e. longing for unwholesome qualities, benjakamhun and
ditthi; Desire for imperfection, i.e., desire for unwholesome qualities,
Benjakamhun, Ditthi 62, and wholesome qualities that have no trinity.
One desires purity, i.e. desires to enter the Noble Path, the Sekha
desires Arahatship, which is the ultimate Dhamma. When attaining
Arahatship, the Arahant does not desire unwholesomeness. nature Desire
for the Benjakam you do not desire Ditthi 62 Do not desire the merits of
the three elements. not desiring to elevate him to the Eightfold Path,
neither desires enlightenment, which is the supreme Dharma. The Arahant
has overstepped his desires and has neglected prosperity and
deterioration. You have completed your virginity. There is no one\'s
conduct, etc., there is no new world, therefore it is called not
desiring purity and impurity.
[629] The word \"exempt\" in the word
\"exempt\" does not adhere to others. Existing views should be
practiced, which means refraining, refraining, refraining from, giving
up, abstaining from purification and impurity. One who has the mind
freed from the realm of defilements, therefore the name Vava is an
exception. The word should conduct means that one should conduct, one
should travel, take turns, and proceeds to maintain and heal, therefore
it is known that one should behave. The word not adhering to existing
views is ditthi 62 is called existing view, not holding, not clinging,
not clinging, existing view. Behave. because of that The Blessed One
replied, The noble disciple abandons all precepts and ceremonies.
abandoning that karma which is a virtuous karma and An avajjakarma does
not desire purity and ignorance, is an exception, does not adhere to the
existing view. Behave.
[630] The recluse and brahmins resided in the
hated penance. A visual image, a sound heard, or a known emotion. who
speaks of purity in pity ahead Not yet without lust in the great and
small worlds. The emperor speaks of purity.
[631] The words that the
ascetics and brahmins relied on the hateful penance the meaning of
having ascetics and brahmins

Some people have slander, hate, and hate. They are bound to reach,
enthrall, sympathize, go to penance that they hate. Hate that.
[632]
The word relies on the image seen. audible sound or the feeling of
knowing, that means dwelling, dwelling, holding, holding on or purity
because of the picture audible sound or purity due to waste d of hearing
known emotions or purely because of known emotions Therefore it is
called dependent on the sighted form, the heard sound, or the known
emotion.
[633] The word who speaks purification in pity ahead \...
speaks of purification, that there are certain ascetics and brahmins who
said the purity of pity ahead Priests and Brahmins Whoever speaks of
purification in pity ahead is the ascetic and brahmins, who hold pure
purification, hold purification with pity. Those who are Akirayi Ditthi,
those who are satsavada, these ascetics and brahmins The name of the
person who speaks of purity in pity ahead. Those brahmins contemplated,
said, told, spoke, made a statement of purity, purification, liberation,
liberation, magic, liberation with pity. therefore Therefore, the one
who speaks of purification in pity ahead ... speaks of purification.

[634] It is called Craving in the word that is not free from craving
in the great and small worlds, namely form, lust, lust, gandha, lust,
tactile, lust, Dhamma, lust. Noi, big world, meaning that in the small
world and the great world, in kamma-cycles and in vipa-vatas, in
kamma-vats are The object of birth in the sensual world, in the
transcendental realm, is the object of birth in the sensual realm. In
karma, it is a machine that is born in form. The existence in the
vipavat is a cultivator. In form, in karma, is the object of birth, in
the non-formal realm, in liberation. is a machine In the incarnation, in
the frequent birth, in the frequent accessibility, in the frequent
conception, in the frequent occurrence of the self. not free from
craving, not freed from craving, not yet completely freed from craving,
not giving up on craving, I haven\'t let go of my lust, I haven\'t given
up on my lust He has not relinquished his desire, therefore it is called
that he is not free from craving. Little world, big world. because of
that The Blessed One replied, The ascetics and brahmins relied on the
hateful penance, based on what they saw, heard, or felt. who speaks of
purity in pity ahead Not yet without lust in the great and small worlds.
The emperor speaks of purity.
[635] Objects are things that are
pleasing to one\'s desire, and there is trepidation because of the
established objects. Movement and access are not available to any monk
in this Dharma and Discipline. For what reason was that bhikkhu
agitated? Where do you like it? (I\'m not shaken, I don\'t like
anything).
[636] The word objects It belongs to the person who wishes
to please the meaning of lust.

They are called desires, namely lust, saraga, etc. Abhijhalophha,
kusala-mun. The word desire means desire, desire, desire, yani, love,
pleasure, and therefore it is called a person. Na. The word \"faithful\"
means \"tanha\". It is called pleasure, that is, lust, saraga, etc.
Abhijha, lobha, and kusala mun, therefore it is said to be the property
of the person who wishes to please.
[637] The name determination, in
the word trepidation, exists because of all objects. prescribed These
are the two precepts, namely, the presumption of craving, the premise of
view, and so on. This is called the premise of craving, etc. This is
called prescriptive determination, even if a person is paranoid in
contention, that is, even when an object is being hijacked, it reduces.
shaken even when objects have been hijacked. even a person who is
paranoid In the volatility of an object, it shakes even when the object
has changed He is shaken, shaken, swayed, inclined, therefore it is
called trembling because of the things that are set.
[638] The word
for any bhikkhu in the word \"movement\" and \"height\" does not apply
to any monk in this Dharma-discipline: coming, going, going. And coming,
death, motto, the little world and the big world, there is no movement,
no matter of birth, disintegration, birth, old age and death, that is,
it does not exist, does not appear, does not enter. for the Arahant
Khinasab is mobility and accessibility. That which the Arahant Khina has
cut off, calmed down, stopped, shouldn\'t have happened. burned with
fire is wisdom, hence the name Vac Movement and accessibility are not
available to any monk in this Dharma-discipline.
[639] For what reason
should a monk be shaken? Where do you like it? That a monk should be
shaken by lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, uddhacca, vicikicha, anusai,
what is it that he is infatuated with infatuation? I have come. Some
bindings depend on some some distraction about some uncertainty arrived
with some strength And that bhikkhu has abandoned them, because he has
abandoned the sankharas. should be shaken by the thought of what is the
reason for being born in hell? He is an animal, is a creature, is a
human being, is a deity, is a creature with a form. It is a formless
animal, an anesthetist, an anesthetist. or is an anesthetic anesthetizes
animals. A bhikkhu has no cause, no cause, no kinetic nature that causes
trembling, trembling and inclination; therefore, why should a bhikkhu be
shaken? ?. Where is the word pleasing? \"Willing, Loving, Satisfying,
Wherever\" is the name. For what reason should a monk be shaken? Where
is it pleasing to him? because of that The Blessed One replied, All
objects belong to you. For those who wish to please, there is
trepidation in because all the objects that have been defined mobility
and accessibility Not for any bhikkhu in this Dharma and Discipline. For
what reason was that bhikkhu agitated? Where do you like it?.
[640]
What do some ascetics and brahmins say is excellent?

Others say that dharma is bad. What words of ascetics and brahmins are
true? because all these brahmins They claim to be wise.
[641] What do
some ascetics and brahmins say is the best in speech? *One of these
brahmins said to speak, to express, to declare which Dharma is ditthi,
what path is this, that this Dharma is excellent Prasertwiset is the
president of Udombowon, therefore Some ascetics and brahmins say what
dharma is great. That dharma is insidious; saying, that other ascetics
and brahmins say, speak, show, and proclaim the Dharma, that is, the
Dhamma, that is, the Path, that is, that this Dharma is depraved.
depraved, obscene, filthy, inferior, hence the name, but other brahmins
saying that dharma is bad.
[643] The words of these ascetic brahmins
Which words are true? The words of these ascetic and brahmins are true,
true, true, true, true, not perverted, therefore they are called ascetic
words. Which of these brahmins are true?
[644] The words because of
all these brahmins Each claimed to be wise, that because all these
brahmins claimed to be the holder Don\'t claim to be a graduate, claim
yourself as a professional, claim yourself to be an intellectual. Claims
to say that by reason Claiming oneself by character, claiming by self
His deeds are therefore called because all* these ascetics and brahmins
claim to be wise. because of that The Blessed One replied, What do some
ascetics and brahmins say is great? And the other recluses and brahmins
say that dharma is bad. What words of recluse and brahmins are true?
because all these brahmins They claim to be wise.
[645] And some
brahmins They say their own dharma is perfect, but other people\'s
dharma is bad. Priests and Brahmins Notwithstanding this, quarrels with
ascetics and brahmins say their views as true. some Saying one\'s dharma
as complete, that is, a certain ascetics and brahmins say, speak, show,
and proclaim that the Dharma is one\'s view, his way, in this way. This
Dharma is complete, complete, without defect, therefore it is called
some brahmins. He said his dharma was perfect.
[647] Another group of
ascetics and brahmins speak, speak, show, and proclaim the Dharma, which
is the Ditthi, the Patipada, the Path. of other brahmins Thus this
Dharma is vile, filthy, filthy, inferior, hence its name.

but said the dharma of other samanas and brahmins.
[648] The word
holding this view is quarrelsome. A quarrel is a quarrel. make sure to
quarrel with each other, to quarrel You do not know this discipline,
etc. or amend it to liberate the speech. If you can, then it is called
stubbornness. quarrel
[649] The saying of one\'s view is true, saying
that the world is excellent, etc., the animals before but are dead.
Being again is not inferior to another. I can\'t find this is true or
anything else. Therefore, it is said that one\'s beliefs are true.
Therefore, the Blessed One replied, \"Some ascetics and brahmins They
say their own dharma is perfect, but other people\'s dharma is bad. Even
so, the ascetic and brahmins quarreled with each other, saying that
their views were true.
[650] If that the person is bad people because
of the words that others blame He is supreme in all dharmas, because the
common man speaks the dharma of others. on the way carry out their own

[651] \"If a person should be a bad person because of the word that
others blame, it means that if another person is a fool. filthy, filthy,
filthy, inferior because of the words that the wicked and slandered,
hence the name If a person is a bad person because of the words that
others blame. that no one should be the supreme supreme leader in all
dharmas, hence the name that no one should be a supreme master in all
dharmas. .
[653] The word, because the common man speaks the truth of
others with a bad fairness, that even the common man speaks rather
strongly. Gossip, criticizes the Dharma of the common people. It\'s a
bit rude to gossip and criticize the Dharma of a single mortal by being
unfair, wicked, atheist, filthy, filthy, inferior, even a single mere
mortal. Chom said, somewhat disrespectful, gossip, criticizes the Dharma
of many ordinary people. Jom said quite a bit, gossip and criticize the
Dharma of a single commoner. By fairness, wicked, abominable, obscene,
filthy, inferior, therefore, it is called because the common man speaks
the righteousness of others.
[654] Dharma, view, and path. The path is
called Dharma as one\'s way. as the aforementioned

Stable, speaks strong, speaks only the truth in the Dharma as one\'s
way, therefore they are called people. The speaker insists on the Dharma
as his own path. because of that Then the Blessed One replied that if a
person is a bad person because of what others blame, then no one should
be a magician. dharmas, because the common man speaks the dharma of
others, through the righteousness of evil beings the savior. said to
confirm the Dharma is the way carry out their own
[655] Worshiping the
Dharma is one\'s way. of recluse and brahmins are real, just as recluses
and brahmins praise the Dharma as their own path. All words should be
true. Because the purity of those ascetics and brahmins belongs only to
the individual.
[656] Worshiping the Dharma is one\'s way. The
belongings of the ascetics and brahmins are real. Why are the ascetics
and brahmins so venerated, revered, revered, and worshiped their Master?
This prophet is omniscient. This is called the way of worshiping the
Dharma. carry out their own Recluses and brahmins pay homage, respect,
venerate and worship the Dharma spoken by their Master. One\'s own
group, one\'s view, one\'s practice, one\'s way, that this way is the
way out of suffering; this is called the worship of the Dhamma as one\'s
way Worshiping the Dharma as one\'s own path is the real thing, that is,
worshiping the Dharma as one\'s way, is real, true, certain, is true, is
according to true, not perverted, therefore it is called that the
worship of the Dharma as their own way of the ascetic and brahmins is
the real thing. his own way, in words, as the ascetics and brahmins
praise the Dharma as their path. For their own samanas and brahmins are
admirable, glorify, describe the Dharma as their path, therefore they
are called like those of samanas and brahmins. Praise the Dharma as
one\'s way.
[658] All words should be true, that all speech should be
true, absolutely true. True, true, not perverted, therefore it is called
that all words should be true. It belongs only to the individual,
meaning purification, excellence, excellence, liberation, excellence,
cessation, of those brahmins. It belongs only to the individual,
therefore it is named because of the purity of those brahmins. It is
exclusive to that person. Because of that The Blessed One replied, The
worship of the Dharma is one\'s way of walking. of the samanas and
brahmins as

The real thing is like the samanas and brahmins praising the Dharma. is
the way to go all his words They are real because of their purity. those
brahmins It is a personal item only.
[660] Wisdom to be advised by
others is not available to a brahmin (Arahant), who makes decisions and
then holds on to the dharmas. It is nonexistent to a brahmin; therefore,
a brahmin is a person. After all, all the quarrels, because A brahmin
does not see any other dharma with the noble truth.
[661] Vocabulary
in words that other people should suggest. The name of a brahman is a
person who is called a brahmin because he is floating. The seven
dharmas, etc., 1- An tanha-ditthi does not depend on a person who is
stable and is called a brahmin. the word other person\'s intuition It is
not advisable to brahmins, meaning that intellect that other people
should advise is not. A brahmin is a Brahmin who has insight that others
do not need to guide or rely on. Do not believe others do not. This is
done because other people are not interested. immersed in a sense of
remembrance, able to see that all sankharas are not equal All dhammas
are suffering, all dhammas are selfless, etc. Any thing has normal birth
All things are naturally fading away, therefore they are called insights
that others should advise, not brahmins.
[662] The word, in all
dharmas, in the word decision and then to hold on to the dharma @(1) see
verse 335 is not. to the Brahmins that in 62 things, the word that has
already been decided is already settled. judge, seek, seek, compare
Inspecting and investigating, making it clear and then securing, holding
on, holding on, collecting, collecting, collecting, collecting,
collecting, holding, holding, holding, clinging, trusting, believing
that things This is true, certain, is as is, is as it is, is not
perverted, thus it does not exist, does not appear, does not enter, that
is, the Brahmin Dhamma. Let go, cut off, be calm, stop and prevent it
from happening. Burned and burned with fire is wisdom, therefore it is
called wisdom. Having made a decision and then holding on to the
dharmas, it is not good for a brahmin. mash Then all the quarrels saying
that because of that, because of the cause and effect of that tale, the
Brahmin is Guanghuang, Guanghuang, Guanghuang, ready. It is late that
quarrels with views Confidence with views arrogance with views quarrel
arguing with ditthi, therefore it is called because of that Therefore,
the Brahmins are deceitful. Then all the quarrels.
[664] The word,
because a brahmin does not see other dhammas by virtue of the sublime,
means that a brahmin does not see, does not see, does not. He sees, does
not look at, does not consider the Dharma, which is the Master, the
Dharma told by the Prophet, the faculties of the group, the view, the
path other than the foundation of mindfulness.

Sammapphana, itthibath, organic, phyla, bojhong, the Noble Eightfold
Path as the noble virtue. He is the chairman of Udom Bowon, so it is
said that because a Brahmin does not see any other Dhamma. By virtue is
noble. because of that The Blessed One replied, Wisdom that other people
should advise. to the Brahmins to make a decision therefore believe in
all dharmas not for the Brahmins. Because of that, a brahmin is a loser.
Then all the quarrels Because a brahmin does not see other dhammas as
the noble one.
[665] some brahmins We believe that purity is true. If
a recital and brahmin could Seeing it, it will be useful to see it as a
brahmin. What with that sight? The contemporaries and brahmins have
passed away. would say purity with another dassana.
[666] The word
knows in the word I know to see that purity is true We know through the
intellect of others. or know with the knowledge of the aggregates that
reside in the past First, the abbreviation means that one agrees with
the eye, or agrees with the eye, the word purification is indeed true. I
mean that purity is true, true, true, not perverted, therefore we know
that purity is true.
[667] The word that some recluses and brahmins
believe in purity, meaning that some brahmins believe in purity. supreme
purity, excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation by view, some
ascetics and brahmins believe in excellence, excellence, excellence,
excellence, excellence. This is the cessation of magic, the cessation of
the world with the view that the world is excellent, this is true. Other
things are empty, etc. The animal in front, but is dead, can not be
found again, can not be found again. this is true Other things are
empty. Therefore, they are called brahmins and samanas. Some believe in
the purity of view.
[668] The word has seen in the word, if a brahmin
had seen it. It will be useful to see ascetics and brahmins. What by
seeing is said? The other person\'s spiritual knowledge has already been
known by means of remembrance of aggregates. inhabitants of the past
have seen with the ophthalmic or had seen it with the eyes of the gods.
One has seen it. The word samana and brahmin who saw What is the benefit
of seeing that? What is the use of such ascetics and brahmins by seeing?
but there is no progress, there is no enlightenment, which has no
result, and there is no severance, which has no sensuality. renunciation
which has no wrath There is no renunciation of delusions, there is no
renunciation of defilements, there is no separation from sankharavat.

Therefore it is said that if a recluses and brahmins have seen it, what
benefit will that brahmin have with seeing? That?
[669] The word
recluses and brahmins have passed away. would speak of purification by
other dassanas, that those brahmins were too late to do so. the path of
purity the path of perfection the way of purity around the white way,
the way of whiteness around, say, say, show, make a statement which is
purity excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, extraordinary
liberation, liberation from other states of mindfulness Other presidents
from the power other from other organic from other physical From other
Bojjangs from the Noble Eightfold Path, there are eight entities with a
view even by reason. In this way, therefore, they are called deceased
ascetics and brahmins, slandering purification with another dassana. one
Many of the Buddhas, many of the Buddha\'s disciples All pakcekabuddhas
are good, too late, too late. which the path of imperfection The path of
imperfection, the path of imperfection surrounding, the path of
imperfection, the path of imperfection, by the view of those brahmins
and recites. say, tell, speak, show, make a statement which is pure
Magical purity, excellence, liberation, liberation, liberation,
liberation through the four foundations of mindfulness, 4 supremacy, 4
power, 4 organics, 5 physical strength, 5 Bojjong. The 7 Noble Eightfold
Path, even for this reason, it is called the Noble One, having presided
over by the Lord Buddha. I speak of purity with other dharmas. Because
of that The Blessed One replied, some brahmins We believe in
purification with the view that we know and see that purification is
true. If a recluses and brahmins had seen The ascetic and brahmin who
saw it What is the benefit of seeing that? Priests and Brahmins and
utter purity with another dassana.
[670] A person, when he sees names
and forms, or when he sees them, will only know those names. true to
that all the wise It does not speak purely, just the opinion of the name
and form at all.
[671] Words when seeing In the word people, when you
see a form of name, it means the people when they see with the knowledge
of another person\'s mind, when they see with the eye of the aggregates
that reside in the past, when they see it with the human eye, or When he
agrees with the eye, the eye sees the name and form only by the nature
of being. by happiness by ego I did not see the birth, death, grace, or
guile. emancipated from those dharmas, hence the name Saw it and saw the
name of the picture.
[672] The word, or having seen, only knows the
names of those forms. The other person\'s mind-cognition has seen it
with the khandha-recollection. The residents of the past have already
seen it. vegetarian or already seen The eye saw only that name and
figure. and know by the nature of noon by happiness by ego will not know
the birth, the extinction, the grace, the blame

out of those dharmas, therefore they are called, or they see and know
only those names.
[673] The word to see the name or the form is very
little. When he sees Nam Rapu, more or less, he sees it as being noon.
by happiness by being truly self, therefore the name verb I actually saw
a lot of the names of the pictures, some very little.
[674] The words
of the wise in such words, the wise, do not speak, the pureness of their
views, that they I\'m wise in my ranks. The wise man\'s elemental wise
man\'s wise man\'s sagacity wise man\'s mindfulness wise man The wise
preceptor in the authority The wise in the organic, the wise in the
physical, the wise in the enlightenment, the wise in the Path, the wise
in the fruit, the wise in nirvana. Those who are wise do not speak, do
not tell, do not speak, do not show, do not make statements of purity.
excellence, excellence, liberation, liberation, excellence, excellence,
mere opinion of form and name with the wisdom of others; In the past, by
the human eye or by the divine eye, hence the name was wise. They do not
speak of pureness, just the opinion of the name and form at all. because
of that Blessed One therefore answered that The people, when they saw
it, saw the name of the image. or seeing and knowing only those names.
The people saw more or less names and images. all the wise It does not
speak purely, just the opinion of the name and form at all.
[675] The
people who spoke with conviction whoever It is not advisable to be
advisable, to be an upright of the predetermined views based on any such
object. beautiful because of that view The people who spoke purity saw
that it was true in that view. whoever It\'s not advisable. The people
who speak with the belief that the world is good This is true, nothing
else, the person who said it too. The conviction that the world is
impermanent, etc., that the beings that precede but are dead are not
alive again, are not. This is true, nothing else. confident whoever Hard
to recommend Difficult to know, hard to understand, hard to see, hard to
give admiration, hence the name of the word. with confidence as a person
That no one should give good advice.
[677] The word is a healer. The
view that is predetermined in the foreground means that he is an
upright, well-established, well-established view. in the fore, namely,
making a view forward and traveling, having a view as a flag, a flag
with a view He is a great person who is surrounded by views, hence the
name word, he is the one who holds the view that is predetermined in the
future.
[678] The words dependent on any object, in the words
dependent on any object, say that object is beautiful because

That view means dependent, dependent, intertwined, approaching,
attracted, willing, and attained, which object is the teacher that the
Prophet told the group of viewpoints, hence the name of which object?
that because of one\'s viewpoint, because of one\'s viewpoint, decency,
preference, and doctrine That object is beautiful, said good, said that
he was a scholar, said that he was a wise man, said by reason. said by
nature, said by na, said by position, by one\'s own beliefs, therefore
it is called by any object, it is said to be beautiful in because of
that view.
[679] The word purification in the word purification saw
that it was true in that view that said purity speak pure magic Talk
about purity, talk about white, talk about white around. another who
have pure opinions There is a purely wonderful opinion There is a purely
pure opinion around have an opinion of whiteness There is an opinion of
whiteness around Therefore, it is called the one who speaks purity. The
word in view is in view of self-worth, self-righteousness. The word see
is true. has seen, has seen, experienced, stabbed all the time that it
is true, true, true, true, not perverted, therefore it is called the
purification saw that it was true in that view. because of that The
Blessed One replied, Well, the people who speak with confidence are the
people. that no one should be able to give good advice, as a person who
holds the view that is predetermined by any object that is said to be
beautiful because of that view The people who spoke purity saw that it
was true in that view. does not reach the stipulation, does not steer
with views, does not Desire or view is an object of protection, because
the Brahmins know it. He neglects all the assumptions that the mortal
person has, but the other ascetics and brahmins hold on to it.
[681]
Vocabulary in Brahmins are known by wisdom. does not reach the
requirements It is a derogatory term that a brahmin is a person who is
called a brahmin because he is a spoiled person, the seven things, etc.,
craving and Ditthi does not dwell, he is steadfast, he is called a
Brahmin. The word stipulation is defined as two stipulations: one
stipulation, one stipulation, etc. This is called stipulation. Set by
desire, etc., this is called decree by perception, called sankhara, that
is, knowledge, knowledge, clarity, etc., non-delusion, choosing Dhamma.
Consensus: The word Brahmins have already known by wisdom. does not
reach the stipulation, meaning that the Brahmin is aware, considers,
considers All body is not equal. All sankharas are suffering, etc.
Anything has a natural birth. All things have a natural cessation, thus
they do not pass up, do not reach, do not hold, do not cling to, do not
cling to stipulations. lust

or stipulation by view, therefore it is called a Brahman who has known
by insight. does not reach the stipulation. Neither there is desire nor
view to be bound by insight, meaning that a brahmin is abandoned, cut
off, calmed, suspended, preventing it from happening. burned with the
fire, which is insight, of which 62 views do not proceed, do not go out,
do not wander, do not move in view, neither come back to that view
without It is essential, therefore, that he is not one who goes by
stubbornness. Neither lust nor view is a binder for insight. Brahmins do
not commit lust. A binder or view is a binder, that is not yet lustful.
Seek or view as a binder to bring about, to be born, to be born, to be
born only. because of the knowledge in the eighth, because of the wisdom
in the fifth, or because of the wrong perception. Therefore, it is not a
landlord. Go with views, neither desire nor view is tied to knowledge.

[683] The word known in the word Brahman is known \... which all the
assumptions that mere mortals create means knowing, knowing,
considering, making clear made it to be informed that All sankharas are
impermanent, all sankharas are suffering, etc. Any thing is naturally
born All things have It is naturally extinguished, therefore it is known
that the Brahmin. 62 views are called assumptions; all views are called
japuthujaja. because of those views caused by the common people or
because people a lot, hence the name that the brahmins have already
known \.... which all the assumptions that the mortals give birth to .
Others would be convinced that the other recluses and brahmins would I
hold on to the ability of lust with the ability of The view of an
arahant is indifferent and does not hold back. not confident hence the
name Chom Leave the rest of the monks and brahmins aside. Therefore, the
Blessed One replied that the Brahman had already known by his knowledge.
does not reach the stipulation, is not the one who steers with views,
neither Desire or view is an object of protection, because the Brahmins
know it. refraining from all the assumptions that the mortal person
gives birth to, and the other ascetic and brahmins will obey.
[685]
(The Blessed One answered again e) Muni has given up on desires. filter
in this world when people are born A quarrel is not a passer-by. with
the righteousness that made them That muni, when the people are not at
peace, is calm, indifferent and unconcerned. The other contemplatives
and brahmins were steadfast.
[686] Named after the desire of the
machine. in the word muni has renounced the desire All things in this
world are four kinds of verses, namely, physical desires, namely,
vengeful lust, the name of attachment. to hijack Ring of determination
in one\'s view

The name of bodily defilement is covetousness. The malice and
displeasure in the words of a person is called bodily defilement is
vindictiveness. sacrament or both one\'s precepts and ceremonies, called
the physical defilement, which is the silabhatta pramas. One\'s view is
called adherence that this is true. The word renounced means to let go
or put away all defilements. another whether it is solved or loosened,
which the sifting passion is tied bound together, entangled, entangled,
entangled, bound together, like people unloading staves, carriages, or
wagons, therefore. Knowledge, knowledge, clarity, etc., stepping on the
Dharma are related. and the lust just prevails That person\'s name was
Jamuni. The word in this world is, in this view, etc., in this human
world. Therefore it is called the Muni who has given up all defilements
in this world.
[687] The word when people quarrel not one who goes by
the dharma that makes a group, that when people are in quarrel Birth
with birth, specific recurrence appears. When people reach the prejudice
of anger, to malice, to Bhagati Muniya, Unable to prejudice, not to
greed, not to greed, not to bhagti, not capable of lust, hatred, moha,
mana, ditthi, utdhaca, wikcikci, anusai, will not proceed, move on.
dharma many causes hence the name V. When people quarrel with one
another, one who walks with righteousness that made them into them.

[688] Peaceful in the word muni, when people are not at peace, they
are calm, indifferent. It has been extinguished because it is a
hairdresser. sensuality, anger, etc. All apocalypse is calm, quiet,
calm, cool, quenched, gone, stopped, therefore it is called a warrior.
The statement that when people do not The budget is that when people are
not at rest, they are not at rest, are not quiet, are not extinguished,
are not stopped, therefore it is said that when people are at rest, they
are at peace. The word muni is . He is not happy, does not regret, is
indifferent, is conscious, is conscious, can hear sounds by his ears,
etc., that person is wise. A well-trained, well-trained organic awaits
its death because hence the name Vaj The Muni, when the people are not
at peace, are calm and indifferent.
[689] The word is not a holder.
The other contemporaries and brahmins assumed that the contemporaries-
\*These brahmins held Confident with the ability to lust with the
ability to view the Arahants He is indifferent, does not hold, does not
hold, does not hold, hence its name. He is a non-contemporary, recluse
and brahmin. Therefore, the Blessed One replied, The muni has given up
all the defilements in this world, when the peoples are quarreling, they
are not the ones who go by the dharma that makes them. The muni, when
the people are not at peace, are calm, indifferent, and other ascetics
and brahmins are steadfast.


[690] Muni lamenting the former taints, not making new taints, not
pursuing them with pleasure, nor arguing. seize confidence The Muni is a
virtuous person, freed from all views. not to blame Surely not stuck in
the world.
[691] The word muni la asava-anami first does not make new
taints; form, feeling, sankhara, sankhara-soul; in the past, it is
called ashava-ana. A.D. What desires should be brought up? up because of
premonition To the former sankharas, munila renounces, donates, shakes
off, relieves, and puts an end to the cessation of those defilements,
hence the name of abandoning the former taints. The word no new taint
means form, feeling, covenant, sankhara, and spirit. The present part is
called the new taint. Muni does not delight, does not make love. who do
not commit Preach to the present part of the body, that is, not to be
born, not to be ready. not to happen not to be born only, therefore it
is called the muni la the former taints, not making new taints.
[692]
The word non-conductor goes with contentment; in the word non-consider
it goes with contentment, neither does it. Borrower said with confidence
that it did not reach consensus. Not to hatha, not to mohati, not to
bhatti, not to be able to lust, dosa, moha, mana, ditthi, utdhaca,
wijikicha, anusai, not doing. to move with the dharmas that made them,
therefore Name is not a watcher. proceed with satisfaction. Both words
are not spoken with confidence. He speaks with confidence that this
world is true, all things are empty, the world is not true, other things
are empty, etc., the animal above. Face, but being dead cannot live
again. will not be able to do it again. This is true. nothing else (Not
the person who mentioned hence the name vaj, neither a leader with
satisfaction nor a savior. Say it with confidence.
[693] The word muni
is a virtuous person, emancipated from all views. climb Burned with fire
is the spirit. That Muni is the one who is freed. associated with all
views is one who has a mind without the realm of defilements. He is a
graduate, has wisdom, has wisdom and enlightenment. having intellect,
enlightenment, and wisdom to destroy defilements hence the name Muni is
a saint. freed from all views. about the reason why there are two kinds
of blame There are two kinds of clinging, namely, the clinging to one\'s
desire, the clinging to one\'s view, etc., this is called the clinging
to lust, etc. This is the clinging to Yaditthi The muni renounces lust.
having relinquished the obsession because of abandoning lust
Relinquishing attachment with obedience Therefore he is a person who is
not addicted to lust and views, does not get addicted, does not get
stuck, does not get trapped in the evil world, the human world, the
world, the world, the world element, the world\'s shame. that is, one
who is not addicted to lust and views, is not contaminated, does not get
caught, gets off, shakes off.

liberated and unrelated to being a mind without boundaries; therefore
hence the name Chom Not stuck in the world. The word is not a cabinet
maker. to blame that a person can be blamed for two reasons: because he
acts 1, because he does not act 1. A person criticizes himself for doing
and not doing. How do we do? Rits we do corrupt words. We do not speak
honestly. We commit fraud We do not act in good faith. We make
sacrifices, etc., we do bad things. We do not do right. A person
criticizes himself for doing it and for not doing it. another The person
criticized him for We are the ones who do not perfect in all the
precepts. We are not the protection of the anus in All organics, we are
moderates in nutrition; we are not diligent in our efforts. machine is
awake We are not composed of consciousness, we do not develop the four
foundations of mindfulness, we do not develop. Concluding 4 We do not
progress. Power 4 We do not prosper. Tree 5 We do not develop physical
strength 5 We do not. We have developed the seven noble ones, we do not
develop the Noble Eightfold Path, we do not. We do not renounce the
sorrows, we do not develop the path, we do not enlighten the nirodha. A
person criticizes himself for doing it and for not doing it. In this
way, Muni Maik commit an act The reason for self-criticism is that the
karma does not cause it to be ready. born in this particular way, he is
called one who does not blame himself, hence the name that he is not
self-critical, he is not stuck in the world. because of that The Blessed
One replied, The muni la asava that is in the Gaj He does not make new
taints, does not act with satisfaction, nor speaks with confidence. Muni
is a gentleman, freed from all views. not to blame Surely not stuck in
the world.
[695] The muni is eliminated in all dharmas, that is, in
form seen, in voice heard, in consciousness, it is the one who has laid
down the burden. Then there is no stipulation not to go in, to be
pleased with the desire of the Blessed One. Said as follows.
[696]
Mara Sena is called Sena. In the word Muni, Sena has been eliminated in
all dharmas. It is in the form seen in the voice that is heard, in the
perceived mood. Corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt mind, lust,
hatred, delusion, anger, anger, negligence, equality, envy, stinginess,
deceit. boasting, arrogance, good competition, arrogance, contempt,
drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all corruption. All anxiety,
all agitation, all affliction. All auspiciousness Name Chamara Sena. as
true as the Blessed One said. Desires, we say that it is Your 1st Sena
does not rejoice at us. Said to be your second devil. Hunger and thirst.
We say it\'s your 3rd devil; lust; we say it\'s your 4th devil. We say
it\'s your 5th devil, cowardice, we say it\'s your 6th. say

He is your seventh devil, negligence, stubbornness, we say he is your
8th devil, good fortune, praise, worship and rank. I came by the wrong
way We are said to be your ninth sena, who exalt and overwhelm others,
we say thy tenth sena. Mara, this lord of yours is a villain. Normal to
get rid of a person of normalcy, a person who does not dare, does not
defeat the devil, and the weak can win, when he wins. get happiness as
follows. Whenever all the devils and all the lusts of the adversary, An
Muni wins, loses and destroys. Get rid of waste so that you won\'t have
to fight anymore with good manners. The Fourth Path, then that Muni
called a borrower The muni removes the sena in the form seen in the
heard sound, in the known sensation, in the enlightened sensation, hence
the name. Jamuni is eliminated in all dharmas. is in the form seen in
the sound heard in the perceived mood.
[697] It is called burden, in
the word muni. He is the one who has laid down the burden and is freed,
that is, three kinds of burdens, namely khandha burden, 1 defilement,
and abhisankhara burden. 1. What is khandha burden? Forms of feeling,
covenant, sankhara, and spirit in the conception, this is called the
burden. What is the burden of passion? All lust, hatred, delusion, etc.
This is called the burden of passion. Abhisankhara burden, why?
Punyaphisangkhara Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisangkhan This is called
Abhisankharabura, Khandhwara. Desires and Abhisankhara burdens are a
state of humility and have a broken root. so there is no location like
Tan Yod Duan to the absence later does not occur After all, it is normal
when, then, that a muni is called has already laid down the burden The
burden has already fallen has a burden that has been relieved There is a
burden to be released There is a burden to be laid The burden has been
suspended. Concerning the three types of moneyya, the word muni means
wisdom is called mona dai, radiating wisdom, knowledge all over
splendour. N general selection Righteousness, good decrees,
accessibility, accessibility, specific stipulations, graduates
intelligence Being wise, keeping oneself. Wisdom is a classifier. Wisdom
is a thinking machine. Wisdom is a sight Broad wisdom that balances the
land Wisdom is the destroyer of pearls, the wisdom that leads around.
Wisdom is an enlightenment consciousness Wisdom is a piercing machine.
Wisdom is evident. wisdom is great Wisdom is strength, wisdom is a
sword, wisdom is just like a castle. bright wisdom enlightened wisdom
glorious wisdom Wisdom is like a glass, non-delusion, discernment, and
opinion, the person who is made up of that insight is called a muni,
that is, one who attains wisdom called Mona Moneyya (Dharma machine)
There are three kinds of muni, namely physical moneyyadhamma, verbal
moneyydhamma, and mental moneyydhamma.

What is physical morality? Abandoning the three corrupt bodies is called
bodily money dharma. Three kinds of bodily integrity. Determining the
knowledge of the body of the United Path with degrees death of the body
The attainment of the Fourth Jhana is called the bodily moneyydhamma,
this is the bodily moneyydhamma. verbal morality Why? The four corrupt
speeches are called verbal money dharma, four honest speech, verbal
verbal emotion. oral knowledge The United Way with a degree ignorance in
speech the extinction of speech The attainment of Second Meditation,
each of which is called verbal moneyadhamma. This is called verbal
moneydhamma. Mental morality is neglect. Three things are called
morality in the mind, three kinds of honesty, wisdom with mind as
emotion. mental definition The United Way with a degree ignorance in the
mind the cessation of the mind The attainment of the Vedic Nirodha
contract, each of these things, is called spiritual monetization. This
is called Moneyadharma of the mind. as true as the Blessed One said. The
sages have said that a muni is a muni in the body, a muni in speech, a
muni in the mind, without taints, that she is ready. By virtue that
makes a muni supreme, all defilements have been spoken by the sages who
are muni. The body is a muni, verbal is a mental muni. no filth is a
person who arrives with dharma made a muni who has washed away sins. It
is necessary to be a muni. There are 6 types of buildings: \* Muni
Anakarmuni Sekhamuni Asekhamuni Paccekamanuni Muni Muni What is the Muni
Building? Which people are the owner of the house This is Nirvana, which
has already been seen and known. These people are called the Muni
Building. Why is Anakarmuni? Who ordained the mbi? This is nirvana,
which is seen, has a religion that has been revealed. These people are
called Vaj. Anakaramuni of the seven monks named Sekhamuni, the Arhats
named Asekhamuni, and the Pacceka Buddha Kathong, and many of them were
named Paccekamuni. The Tathagata, Arahant, fully enlightened Name
Chamunimuni. as true as the Blessed One said. A person is not a muni by
being calm. He is only an empty person, not a knowledgeable person, a
person who is a graduate, holds noble virtues. refraining from all sins,
like a person holding a scale, therefore is called a munirei than a
muni, therefore whoever knows the two worlds is called Therefore,
whoever knows the Dharma of the Unable and the Dharma of the Blessed in
the whole world Inside and outside the dharma is concerned and lust is
just daub. The network lives as a bearer. After worshiping angels and
humans, that person is called

Muni. The word liberated means that the mind of a muni is liberated,
liberated, supremely liberated, from sensuality. hatred, moha, etc., all
the auspiciousness, hence the name that the Muni is the one who has laid
down the burden and is liberated. I went, rejoicing, having no desire,
the Blessed One said: The two precepts, namely the precepts of craving,
this is called the precepts of craving, etc. This is called explain set
by law The Thimuni has abandoned the precepts by craving, and has
abandoned the predetermined precepts because He is the one who abandons
the predestination by lust, renounces the predestination by lust,
therefore does not set by desire or predestination. Yaditthi means not
to be born, not to be born. not to occur only because hence the name No
prescription. The word no, they go rejoicing, meaning that all foolish
people prescribe seven classes of monks, including gentlemen, who are
delighted, exceedingly glad, for reaching the dharma. did not reach to
achieve the dharma that has not yet been achieved in order to enlighten
the dharmas that have not yet been revealed; Abandoned, freed,
irrelevant, should be one whose mind is free from the realm of
defilements, therefore it is said that there is no stipulation, he does
not go gladly. There is no desire, meaning that lust is called desire,
i.e. lust, saga, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and kusala-mom. That desire, which
is neglected, lacks peace, is suppressed and prevents it. birth Burned
and burned with fire is Yamuni is called one who has no desire. The word
bhagava is a sign of reverence. Another is called bhagava because it
means that the destroyer lust, then destroy, then destroy, then destroy,
then destroy destroy the view and destroy splinter The defilements have
been destroyed because he has distinguished the supernatural and has
already classified the Dharma. called Bhagava, because he has done the
best of all beings, having a trained Body. have the precepts that have
been trained Has trained wisdom. In addition, the Blessed One The secret
hideout of the lush and secluded forest Little work, no noise, no crowds
of passers-by. It is the secret karma of human beings. Therefore, the
Blessed One is involved in the robes, alms, senas, and kilan, hence the
name Bhagava. The Blessed One has the share of the supernatural, the
exhilaration, the high wisdom, which has the taste, the taste and the
liberty, therefore it is called the Bhagava. 4 Appamanya, 4
Impermanence, 4 Therefore it is called the Bhagava. In addition, the
Blessed One has the share of liberation. of Possessing emotions) 8
Anupupphawiharn samapati 9 hence the name is Bhagava. The Blessed One
has a share in the meditation, ten kasin samapati, ten anapanasati
samadhi, unsatisfactory, therefore it is called the Bhagava. Base 4
Concluding 4

The power of the 4 eagles, the 5 physical strengths, the 5 Bojjangha,
the 7 Noble Eightfold Path, hence the name Dhāgava. In addition, the
Blessed One has the share of the Tathagata, the 10 Vesarajaya 4
Patisamphidha 4 Apinya 6 Buddha Dharma 6 Therefore, it is called the
Bhagava. This name is the Bhagava, Mother, Father, Father, Blessed One,
Friend, Amata, Relative, Recluse, Brahmin, Deva. It is not celebrated. f
This name, Bhagava, is a vimokkantik name. (The name is in the
Arahatship in the order of the Arhat Path) is the truth. Laws (laws that
arise because of enlightenment of all Arahatship and Dharma) are also
included. attaining enlightenment at the enlightenment of the
Enlightened Ones Therefore, it is said that there is no stipulation,
does not go into pleasure, does not desire the Exalted One, saying thus.
The Blessed One replied, The muni is eliminated in all dharmas, that is,
in the form seen, in the heard sound, in the known sensation, the muni
is the one who has laid down the burden and is freed. No stipulation, no
welcome. no desire The Blessed One said thus: Thus ended the 13th
Mahaviyuhasuttaniddes. -------------- Tuvatakasuttaniddes the 14th

[699] (Buddha Vision asked:) I would like to ask the Lord, the Sun
race, who is calm, respectful, seeking great virtue, saying: What did
the monks see? therefore do not hold on to anything in the world will be
extinguished. There are three things concerning puja. Ask the Lord of
the Sun race, there are 3 types of things, namely, Adhitthachotanapucha,
1 Dhitthasanthanapucha, and 1 Vimichettanapucha. What is
Aditthachotanapu? What characteristics are not known, not seen, not
considered, not comparable, not clear, not clarified? Usually, a person
asks questions to know, to see, to consider. Compare to contrast to jam.
Declaring that nature is called Aditthachotanapucha. What is
Ditthasangsanthanapucha? What characteristics are known, seen,
considered, comparative, lucid, clarified, ordinarily a person asks for
an investigation of that nature to Other graduates are named
Thittasangsanthanaputcha. What is the reason for the resolution? A
person as a player leads to suspicion in two ways. that it is something
like that Or not, what is this, or what is the matter, the person asks.
The problem in order to eliminate this suspicion is called
Wimitichetanapucha. There are three of these things. The other three
buttons are Manussapucha, Amanussapucha, and Nimmit Pucha.

Why is Manussapu? All of them went to look at the enlightened Lord Chu
Bhira. Asking the problem is that the monks ask the poor monks. ask the
laymen King Chom asked. The King asked. The Brahmin asked. The
prostitute asked. Sutayachom asked. The householder asked. The clergyman
asked, \'This is Manussapucha. Why is Manussapucha? The inhuman beings
went to look at the enlightened One and asked the question, the Naga
asked. Garuda Chom asked. The giant asked The beast asked questions, the
Thammarat people asked the Great King. Asked Indra, asked Brahma, asked
the angels You asked, pointed out. The name Anussapcha. What is Nimmit
Pucha? The Exalted One has created any Buddha image. accomplished by
monks The heart has all the organs and has no organic matter. The
Buddha\'s vision went to look at the Exalted One. The Enlightened One
asked a question, the Blessed One, who had a vision, this was called
Nimmitpucha. Asking about personal benefits 1 Asking about other
benefits 1 Asking about both benefits 1. There are three other
questions: In this world 1 Asking about the benefits in the next life 1
Asking about the great benefits 1. There are three other questions:
asking about the benefits or not. There is a penalty. Asking about the
benefits, no desires. Asking about the benefits of the White Dharma.
There are three other things, namely, asking about the past Dharma, 1
asking about the future Dharma, and 1 asking about the present
Dharma. 1. There are 3 other things: Asking about Dharma is internal 1
Asking about Dharma is external 1 Asking about internal and external
Dharma 1. There are three kinds of questions: asking about wholesome
dharmas 1. Asking about Unwholesome Dhamma 1 Asking about the Upayata
Dhamma 1. There are 3 other things which are asking about the khandha 1
Asking about the elements 1 Asking about the senses 1. There are 3 other
things which are: Asking about the foundation of satipatthana, asking
about the sambhadhana, asking about the power 1. There are three other
things: asking about organic matter, 1 asking about physical strength, 1
asking about Pho. Chhang 1. There are three other things: asking about
the Path, asking about the results, and asking about nirvana. I beg, I
beg, I, I, I, I, I, I beg you, please tell me that Dharma, therefore my
name is Word. I ask.

Lord. The word \"Sun race\" means Phra Suriya is called \"Sun\". Even
the Blessed One It is a code by Phra Khot. Blessed One who appeared by
the descent of the sun is a species of the sun Because of that, it is
called the Buddha, the Sun race, hence the name Vaj. I would like to ask
the Lord, the Sun. Concerning three kinds of solitude
[701] called
Vivek in the word secular. Santiva seeks great virtues as follows: There
are three kinds of liberation: the secluded body, the secluded mind, and
the updhiviveka 1. The secluded body is why? Forests, rootstocks,
mountains, crevices, caves, cemeteries, groves, open fields, lochs, and
living in seclusion. She walks alone, stands alone, sits alone. to enter
the house for The alms round returned alone, sitting in a sheltered
place. Praying for a single person who wanders around and rests, turns
and turns, this posture to maintain and heal, is called the solitude
body. What is the mental solitude? A monk attains the first jhana have a
calm mind from neuralgia attaining second jhana, having a mind secluded
from anxiety, attaining a second jhana, having a mind isolated from
rapture attainment having a mind attained from happiness and sorrow,
attaining the realm of meditation Having a mind secluded from forms of
contracts, adjectives, and nanatta-sayas, *attaining spirituality and
contemplation. having a mind secluded from the realm of self-* concept
Achieving the concept of na-sanaya-tan-chana, having a mind secluded
from akin-kanya-ton-saya (when that monk) is a Sotapanna, whose mind is
secluded from Sakkaya-ditthi, Wichikitha-silabbata-paramasdittha.
Nusaiwikikichanusai and from the defilements that are in the same place
as Sakkaya Ditthi, etc. as a Buddha image having a mind secluded from
kamaraksayojan, kamarakakanusai, kamakanusai, rough, and from the same
defilements that are situated in the same Kamarak - *That first
sacrament is the Anagami Buddha. having a mind* secluded from
kamaraksayojana Yoke with kamaraksajon etc., he is an arahant with a
mind isolated from the form of ignorant lust, mana utdhaca, ignorance,
manusaibhavarakanusai avijjanusai defilements. located in these days
together with the image of sensuality and so on. And out of all the
sankhara visions in this outside are called vaca citiviveka. What is
Updhiviveka? Desires are good, aggregates are good, supremacy is called
Updhi. Immortal Nirvana is called Upathivavak. That is, Dharma is the
suppression of all karma. It is the renunciation of all objections, it
is the four, lust is the vomit of lust. a place to extinguish lust This
is the release from the lustful lust, this is called Updhiviveka. This
is for the person I possess. The body retreated, rejoicing in the nest.
Majit Vivek Yor

A person who has a pure mind as a person who has a calm mind very bright
This is for those who have lost their possession, reaching nirvana,
which is an eternity. The word peace means some peace with some
symptoms. Again, that peace is, that is, immortal nirvana, that is, the
Dharma, the cessation of all faculties ... the release of lust, the
straitjacket. Whichever chapter is the Dharma, the cessation of all
conditioned things . another by any of these other virtues It is
possible to achieve peace, to be right, to peace for which proclaims
peace, namely the 4 foundations of mindfulness, the 4 supremacy, the 4
powers, the 4 organics, the 5 physical strengths, the 5 Bojjangha, the 7
Noble Eightfold Paths, these dharmas are called that peace chapter,
peace chapter, chapter resistance, chapter displacement chapter, hidden
chapter, chapter relied upon, chapter no danger, chapter unmoving,
immortal chapter, no chapter. death, nirvana, chapter, extinction of
lust. The word seeker of virtue means that the Blessed One seeks the
great virtue, that is, He seeks, seeks, seeks, seeks the virtues. e
Great concentration Great wisdom Wimuttikhan Yai Vimuttinanadassanakhan
is great, therefore it is called the one who seeks great virtue. The
Blessed One seeks and seeks the destruction of the great heap, the
destruction of the madness, the withdrawal of arrows, the great passion,
the liberation of the great stubbornness. Getting rid of the flag is a
big mana. great suppression big void blockade big burden The great
cessation of sorrow Great suppression of heat, great lift. Raising the
flag is the Great Dharma, therefore it is called the Great Seeker. The
Blessed One seeks, seeks, seeks, finds the four foundations of
mindfulness, the 4 supremacy, the 4 powers, the 4 organics, the 5
strengths, the 5 Bojjangha, the 7 Noble Path, the 8 Immortals. Nirvana
is the supreme supreme supreme supreme being, therefore it is called the
great savior. Moreover, the Blessed One is the one who possesses all
beings. Searching, searching, finding where the Lord Buddha was. Where
is the Blessed One? Buddha is a deity more than the devas, where is the
Buddha Therefore, it is called the Great Seeker. Because of that, it is
called a person who is calm and peaceful, seeking great virtue.
[702]
\"How a bhikkhu sees \... is extinguished, meaning a bhikkhu sees,
meets, compares, considers, clarifies, makes it known. However, quench
and calm, subdued, supreme calm, suppressing lust, wrath, delusion,
anger, anger, negligence, negligence, envy, stinginess, deceit,
boastfulness, frustration. Good rivalry, arrogance, contempt,
drunkenness, negligence, all desires. All anxiety, all anxiety, all
passion. all trouble All his auspiciousness. The word bhikkhu is a
bhikkhu who is a virtuous person. A person or a bhikkhu who is a holy
person, hence the name bhikkhu see.

However, \... is extinguished.
[703] The word not clinging to anything
in the world means not clinging, not clinging, not grasping. 4. The word
in the world is in the evil world, the human world, the god, the world,
the element, the world, the self-conscious world. The word sankhara is
what sankhara, namely form, feeling, contract, sankhara, and therefore
the name is wa. e does not hold on to anything in the world. Therefore,
the Buddha\'s vision then asked I would like to ask the Lord Phan Phra
Athit, who is calm and peaceful, is looking for great virtue. As a
bhikkhu sees, he does not cling to anything in the world, he will die.

[704] The Blessed One replied, A bhikkhu should get rid of all the
sins of law, namely, defilements, which are the root of the Dharma,
which is slow, slow, and assimana by wisdom. Whatever craving that
exists within, a bhikkhu should be mindful to study for Get rid of those
cravings at all times. On the dharma of the late
[705] The word, the
Blessed One replied, A bhikkhu should get rid of all the sins and
dharmas, namely, defilements, which are the root of the dharma that is
sluggish, and asmimana with wisdom. That\'s what it is called that the
part of the Dharma is slow, that is, the part of the Dharma that is
slow. Desire and part of the dharma that is slow is dhithi. The root of
neni dharma. What is slow is lust? Avijja Ayonisomanasikara Asmi Mana
Ahirika Anottappa Uddhaca This is the root of the Dharma, the slow
process of craving. The Root of Dharma Why is it slow? Avijja
Ayonisomanaskiran Asmi- \*Mana Ahirika Anottappa Uttacca This is the
root of the Dharma that is late, which is Ditthi. The word Bhagava is a
respectful name. On the other hand, the word Bhagava means the name
Bhagava, because of the meaning that one destroys lust, destroys anger,
destroys rulers, destroys mana, destroys views, destroys thorns,
destroys. and because He distinguished, distinguished, special,
distinguished only, the Dharma, because He did the best of the worlds,
because He had a unique body. trained have the precepts that have been
trained have a trained mind Has trained wisdom. In addition, the Blessed
One snuggled up to the quiet, lush forest, with a low voice, without a
loud noise. without traffic collisions It is the secret action of
mankind, worthy of seclusion, therefore it is called the Bhagava. In
addition, the Blessed One is involved in robes, alms, alms, ceremonies,
and medicinal necessities. therefore Therefore, it is called the
Bhagavad. He has the share of uplifting virtues, exhilarating minds,
exhilarating wisdom, which are pleasing, dharma, and vimuttiras, hence
the name Bhagava. Wisdom 4 Impermanence 4

Therefore, it is called the Blessed One. In addition, the Exalted One
has the share of the eight liberation (Jhana is the location of the
dominance of emotions) Anupupbhavihara sampati 9 (4 rupa jhana, 4 avatar
jhana, 1 vedic nirodha 1) hence the name Bhagava. In addition, the
Buddha The Blessed One has the share of the 10 kasin samapati, the ten
anapanasati samadhi, the asuphasamapati, hence the name Vaj Bhagavat.
Bases 4, supremacy, 4 power, 4 organics, 5 physical strength, 5
bojjhana, 7 noble paths, 8 corpses, hence the name. In addition, the
Blessed One The Blessed One has the share of the Tathagata, 10
Vesarajjadhamma, 4 Patisampida, 4 Apinya, 6 Buddha Dharma, 6 Therefore
it is called the Supreme. Bhikkini, friends, relatives, recluses,
recluses, brahmins, devas are not honored, let this name be the supreme
supreme supremacy. (Names are in the Arahatship in the order of the
Arahatship) as the Law of Truth. together with attaining enlightenment
at the mating of the Bodhipruek of the Enlightened One, all Enlightened
Ones. The word to get rid of all sins \.... Asmimana with wisdom. Wisdom
is called manta. It means knowledge, clear knowledge, etc. obsessed
Dharma, the consensus. The word asmimana is asmimana asmichanthaas.
Monument in Rapu pact sankhara Spirit. The word that the Blessed One
replied that a monk should eliminate all sinners, namely, the root of
defilement, and the shadow of the Dharma as a common practice. Cha and
Asmimana with wisdom It means that a bhikkhu should eliminate, quell,
quell, suppress, suppress, and suppress all evil defilements; slow and
asmimana, with wisdom, therefore the name of speech, replied the Blessed
One, A bhikkhu should eradicate all the sinners, that is, the lust that
is the root of the dharma that is slow and the asmimana with wisdom.

[706] The word do not in the word any kind of lust that exists within
all, by all means, by all means, without any remainder. Not quite four
left. The word one This is an all-inclusive device. The word craving is
form, craving, etc., dhamma craving. The word that exists within is that
craving is established within, therefore it is called internally. In
other words, the mind can be called internal. To the citta, mana, manas,
hatai, pandara, mana, manaytana, manindara, the soul, the khandha, the
mind-soul that is born of that khandha. That craving is related to the
United States. There is a common occurrence, there is a common
cessation. Having the same object has a daily mood. It is said with the
mind, that is, the mind, therefore it is called internally, therefore it
is called any kind of lust that exists within. Concerning those who are
blessed by reason,
[707] the saying that at any time in the word a
bhikkhu should have a mindful education for the elimination of craving.
those in every eternity that in all times in all eternity, all eternity,
forever

forever, forever, lasting forever and ever forever as one Forever,
contagious, forever, in order, forever In the past, in the past, in the
aftermath, in the beginning, in the middle, in the latter, in the In the
waning, in the rainy season, in the winter, in the summer, in the early,
in the middle, in the latter. The word mindful is one who is mindful for
four reasons, namely, when developing Kayanupassana satipatthana in the
body is called Peng. I am One who is mindful when cultivating
venanupassana mindfulness in all feelings is called mindful. when
cultivating cittanupassana mindfulness in the mind Named as one who is
mindful. When developing Dhammanupassana Satipatthana in all dharmas, he
is called a sire. Ti. is mindful by the other four causes, namely one
who is mindful. because apart from being a person without consciousness
because he is a doer of dharma which should be done consciously because
he is the one who eliminates the dharma that is anti-consciousness
because he is the one who does not forget the Dhamma is a vision of
mindfulness; one who is mindful for four reasons; another is called a
sultan, because he is a composed of consciousness being a conscious
person because he is adept with mindfulness, because he does not return
from mindfulness; he is mindful for four other reasons, namely the Nong
who is mindful, because he is aware, because he is calm. because he was
the one who stopped because he is the one who possesses the virtues of
the faithful. The name is conscious. Because of Buddhanussati,
Dhammanussati, Sanghanussati, Silanussati, Jakanussati, Devtanussati,
Anapan- *sati, death, body-satisfaction, upapamanu. Satisfaction
remembrance, remembrance, special remembrance, remembrance, remembrance,
remembrance, impermanence Forgetting mindfulness, mindfulness, satibala,
samasati, satisamphojhang, this is called mindfulness. I am approaching,
approaching, approaching, reaching, reaching, ready. consisted of this
consciousness that person is called Be a conscious person. The word to
study consists of the three precepts, i.e., reciting the precepts,
adhicittasikkha, adhijai-sikkha. Praying the precepts, why? In this
Dharma and Discipline a bhikkhu is a virtuous person, joined by the
Patimokkhasamvara, accompanied by the Ajara and the orbit. saw a slight
danger in the penalty Concentration is studied in all the precepts, the
small precepts, the great precepts, the precepts are the premise.
preliminary in the background as a consolidation be careful The oral is
the presiding devotion along with all these wholesome qualities, which
is called the precepts of the precepts. Here a bhikkhu is secluded from
sensual pleasures, secluded from unwholesome dhammas, attaining the
first jhana, is anxious, reflective, has joy and happiness born of
solitude. achieve secondary meditation have a clear mind At the inside
is the Ek Dharma, there is no worry, no judgment, because of worry and
consideration, there is peace and happiness. born from meditation
Because of the extinction of the rapture, there is equanimity and
consciousness. He enjoys in the name of the body, attaining* the
tertiary jhana, which the noble ones praise, saying that the one who has
this jhana is equanimous. have a happy mind Attaining the Fourth Jhana,
without suffering, without happiness, because of the abandoning of all
pleasures and sufferings and the extinction of former joys and sorrows,
there is equanimity leading to the purification of mindfulness. This is
called Adhicittasika. What is the wisdom of the sikkha? Wisdom consists
of wisdom.

which leads to the birth and death is the first noble defilement leading
to the cessation of suffering like that monk Knowing as it really is
that this is suffering, this causes suffering. this is the end of
suffering This practice quench all these afflictions, this taint causes
The cessation of this taint, this practice leading to the cessation of
this taint is called Adhipanya Sikkha. The saying that a bhikkhu should
have a mindful study to get rid of those lusts at all times means that a
bhikkhu should study some precepts, some exhortation, and make excuses.
Yabang: when one thinks of these three rules one should study; when one
knows, one should study. When you see it, study it. When considering,
study When one\'s mind is set, one should study; when one is willing to
believe with faith, one should study. When persevering, one should
study. When one enters one\'s mind, one should study; when one sets
one\'s mind, one should study. When one knows clearly with wisdom, one
should study. when he knew more about the Dharma that should know more,
should study When defining the Dhamma that should be stipulated, one
should study it. When the dharma that should be abandoned, one should
study When developing the Dharma that should be developed, one should
study. When clarification of the Dhamma that should be made known, one
should study it, that is, behave and behave graciously. well behaved
Consequently, the practice of eliminating, eliminating, eliminating,
relinquishing, quelling those lusts. Therefore, a monk should be
consciously educated to eliminate those cravings at all times. because
of that The Blessed One said, The Blessed One said: A bhikkhu should get
rid of all the sins of the law, that is, the lust for which is the root
of the dharma that is indifferent, and asmimana, with wisdom, do not
lust. One thing that exists within the bhikkhu should be a mindful
person. to get rid of those lusts at all times.
[708] A monk should
know one\'s inner virtue. or external Do not commit violence with such
virtues. because of the violence which the peaceful people do not say is
the cessation of defilements.
[709] The word that a monk should know
one\'s inner virtues means that a monk should know one of his own
virtues charity Or is it a difficult upgrade? What is their morality?
Bhikkhus were ordained from the Sang Ban Clan, ordained from the Grand
Clan. ordained from the family have a lot of wealth ordained from the
family Great treasure be famous higher than a layman and some monks He
was the recipient of a robe, alms round, sena, and some medicinal
necessities. He is the one who memorizes some sutras. some discipline Is
it fair? He is the holder of the forest as a measure. Considering the
alms round as a measure holding the robes as robes, holding the three
robes as the temples, holding the alms-crusades in the order of the
alleys as the temples Do you consider not serving as a measure?
considers not sleeping as a measure, considering how to be in the seats
he arranges Some become masters, some get first meditations, some get
second ones. have some tertiary meditation got some Some have
experienced self-sacrifice, some have experienced self-sacrifice got
some goodwill The concept of naming one\'s self- \*Some dignity. These
virtues are called one\'s virtues. A monk should know, know all, know
clearly, know clearly.

always stabbing one of his own virtues, therefore it is called that a
bhikkhu should know one of the inner virtues. The word or external means
that those virtues belong to the preceptor or teacher and therefore are
called or external.
[710] The word not to commit violence with virtue
means that a monk should not commit violence, that is, not to be harsh.
Do not be arrogant Do not be arrogant Do not be arrogant with one\'s
virtues. or by virtue of other people One should not be conceited by
that virtue, and one should not be arrogant, arrogant, and snobby with
that virtue.
[711] The word because of violence that the peaceful
people do not say is the cessation of defilements, meaning that violence
is The Buddha, the disciple of the Buddha, the Pacceka Buddha A faithful
man who is calm, doesn\'t say, doesn\'t speak, doesn\'t tell, doesn\'t
show, doesn\'t dictate, doesn\'t appoint, doesn\'t disclose, doesn\'t
classify, doesn\'t make Shallow does not declare it to be the cessation
of passion, therefore. Therefore it is called because of violence that
the peaceful people do not say is the cessation of defilements. because
of that Blessed One therefore answered that A monk should know any
virtue that is internal or external, and not do it. violence with virtue
because of the violence that the peaceful people do not say Extinction
of passion.
[712] A bhikkhu should not be more important than him,
inferior to him, or even equal to him. with virtue as universal, does
not need to be determined, one lives. that he is better than him \... By
virtue of that virtue, a monk should not take pride in that we are
superior to him. dignity with descent, by being the son of the family
with beauty, with wealth, by invitation with work, by discipline, with
academic standing, by education, with intelligence, or with other
objects, hence the name that a bhikkhu should not more important than
him \... with that virtue.
[714] Inferior to him, or even equal to
him, means that a monk should not be low on self-esteem, so that I am an
evil person. lead him by nation, by clan, etc., or by other objects. Do
not worry assume that We are equals, by nation, by clan, by being
children of the family, by being wealthy, with wealth. By invitation, by
work, by academics, by academic standing, by education, by intelligence,
or by other objects. Therefore it is called lower than him or even equal
to him.
[715] The word \"complete\" means \"complete\".

Surrounded by many symptoms, hence the name ready person With virtue as
a multiplicity.
[716] The word undetermined to exist means that one is
called Atumana, not decreed, stipulated, magic, stipulated, black.
Existence, therefore, it is said that one should not prescribe oneself
to exist. The Blessed One replied, A monk should not be more important
than him. whether inferior to him or even equal to him, by virtue of
that virtue, a bhikkhu who is complete and virtuous, shall not preside
over himself. E.
[717] A bhikkhu should be at peace in this internal
defilement. One should not seek peace by any other means. Attaditthi or
nirattitthi does not exist anywhere.
[718] This is how a bhikkhu
should be calmed from internal defilements, meaning that a monk should
be calm, to be calm, to enter into a wonderful tranquility, to quench
the internal defilements, namely lust, hatred, delusion, anger, and
anger. Attached to anger, dishonesty, equality, jealousy, stinginess,
deceit, boastfulness, stubbornness, arrogance, arrogance, contempt,
drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all corruption. all the
restlessness All the rage, all the troubles, all the agony, all the
sorrows, therefore all the Therefore it is called that a bhikkhu should
be at peace in this internal defilement.
[719] The word peace should
not be sought by any other means that a monk should not seek, seek, seek
peace, peace. Great peace, cessation, cessation through the way. of
imperfection, by wrongful conduct, is not a path of liberation other
than mindfulness meditation Therefore, the Noble Eightfold Path has the
Eightfold Path. Therefore, it is called that one should not seek peace
by other means. The cessation of all internal defilements, namely lust,
hatred, delusion, etc., all akusala bhisankhara, therefore it is called
when the internal defilements are calmed.
[721] the word natthi in the
word attaditthi or nirattitthi There is none, but anywhere, as follows:
it is denial. The word att-ditthi is no sassat-ditthi. The word
niratt-ditthi is up-cat-ditthi is not g. Self-esteem does not There is
no liberation, there is no foot. There is no respect for any monk, there
is no release. To that monk, there is no liberation for any monk, no
respect for that monk. Overbearing and letting go and neglecting
prosperity and deterioration. Then the monk Having completed the
virtuous life, having a well-behaved conduct, etc., that bhikkhu is no
longer born again, therefore it is called Attitthi or Niratta. Ditthiyom
does not exist anywhere. Because of that The Blessed One replied,

This is where a bhikkhu should be at peace within One should not seek
peace by any other means. Surely there is no other place.
[722] Wave
Born in the middle of the ocean, just as the ocean is calm, a monk
should stop. There is no trepidation, so a monk should not commit
defilements. Grow up in any place.
[723] What does the term \"wave
do\" in the midst of the calm ocean? By the depths, the ocean is 84,000
yochon deep. I. The water below 40,000 yojan, can be shaken by the fish.
And the turtles, the water above 40,000 yojans, will be shaken by the
wind. Water in the middle 4,000 yoy swayed and swayed, swayed, swayed
and swayed, ready to become an unshaken ocean. not tumultuous, not
aggravated, not tumultuous, not tumultuous, not turbulent, peaceful;
waves do not arise in the midst of that ocean. It is a still ocean. As a
wave does not arise in the middle of the ocean, it stops. On the other
hand, the Sitadan ocean exists between the seven mountains and the
waters of the Sitadan Sea. that would not be shaken, hurriedly,
hurriedly, hurriedly, tumultuously, as an ocean no movement The snort
does not recur, does not stir, does not stir, does not stir, the waves
do not spawn. In Samut Si Thandorn a still ocean Even for this reason,
therefore, it is called a wave. Born in the middle of the ocean Just as
the ocean freezes.
[724] The word \'awa\' in the word bhikkhus should
be stopped. So there is no trembling, so it is a metaphor that comes
with it. Than, continually, even for good fortune Even because of
depravity, even because of rank, even because of disgrace even because
of praise even because of gossip even because of happiness even because
therefore Thus it is called a monk who stops. Craving is called
shakenness. In the word there is no wavering, namely lust, saraga, etc.,
Abhijha, Lobha, Akulasum. That trembling, which a bhikkhu cuts off,
calms, suppresses, prevents it from arising, and then burns it down with
the fire, that bhikkhu is called not. Having trembled because he had
given up trembling, that bhikkhu is said to have no trepidation. That
bhikkhu is not shaken, disturbed, trembling, trembling, even because of
good fortune, even because of suffering. Therefore it is called that a
bhikkhu ought to be stopped, not subject to movement. Seven defilements

[725] are called defilements that rise. In the word a monk should not
commit defilements. Furnishings in any place, including passion The
seven virtues are defilements. The rise of passion is anger, hatred,
mana-ditthi, defilement, defilement. Not to be born, to be born, to be
born, to be born only. The word anywhere means anywhere, anywhere,
everywhere, internally, externally, internally and externally, hence the
name that a monk should not inflict defilements in

Wherever. Because of that The Blessed One replied, Waves will not occur.
In the midst of the ocean, the ocean is calm, as a monk should is the
one who stopped There is no trembling. Thus, a monk should not raise his
defilements anywhere.
[726] (Buddha Nimit asked again) who has a clear
eye has shown the dharma harm, my lord He will answer the Patipada,
namely Patimokkha, or even meditation. on the eye 5
[727] The word has
shown in the word Blessed One. The enlightened one has shown,
circumscribed, preached, preached, appointed, revealed, classified,
shallow, proclaimed, therefore The name has already shown. The word
\"Eye\" means \"The Blessed One, who has the eye of the five eyes, which
is the eye of the Buddha.\" Notify even with vegetarian A sharp eye, a
sharp eye, a sharp eye, a sharp eye, a sharp eye, even a sharp eye
buddhist eye There is a clear eye, even with a sharp eye. How does the
Blessed One have a clear eye even with the human eye? Five colors,
namely green, yellow, red, black and white, are present in the eyes of
the Blessed One. both eyes Many are located only in a place where they
are green, completely green, pleasant to look at, like water hyacinths.
After that, there was a yellowish-yellow color, the color of gold,
attractive, looks like a Karnakigar flower. The socket, the two eyes of
the Exalted One were red, red and beautiful. It looks like the color of
an insect\'s wings over it. In the midst of his eyes, it was black,
black, beautiful, not tarnished, intimate, pleasant to look at, like the
color of a black anchor (fire-burning brick). After that, it was white,
white, beautiful, shining brightly. Soft white, pleasant to look at,
looks like the color of stars, sparkling flora. The Blessed One has the
eye of the Buddha normally. due to the body happened because In good
faith in the past life, he saw the whole life around the whole day and
the middle, that is, even if there was darkness, it consisted of the
four elements, namely the sun set for a day in the ubosot. 1 A line of
dense forests, a great cloud rises up, and then the Blessed One sees the
whole mile around him, in a dark place, consisting of The fourth figure,
even if you see it like this. The pits are good, the doors are good, the
walls are good, the mountains are stumps, the vines are good, there is
no shield to see all forms. A person should mark a seed of sesame and
put it in a cart carrying sesame, the Blessed One should take the seed.
That\'s it. That\'s it. The monk\'s eye is the nature of the Blessed One
like this. The Blessed One has a clear eye. Even with this kind of
ophthalmology. How does the Blessed One have a clear-sighted monk even
with a divine eye? His Highness saw a group of beasts that were
incarnating. Bad and refined, good complexion, poor complexion,
difficult to fall, by the pure vision of the human eye. He knows among
the beings who are subject to karma, saying:

These beasts consist of corrupt bodies, corrupt speech, corrupt
conscience, criticize the noble one. be a fool adhere to doing Amnat
Mitchatitthi When he dies, he enters into evil, devastation, extinction,
hell. As for the beings, these are composed of the soulful body. Words
of honesty and conscience do not criticize the noble one. Adhering to
action with right power, when he dies, he reaches *the* heavenly world
as follows. *Bad strength, exquisite, good complexion, bad complexion,
good, hard to fall, with the pure eye of the human eye. and knows the
animals that have gone according to karma In this way, because the
Blessed One wants to see even the first world, even the second world,
even the third world. even the four elemental world even the five
elemental world even the ten elemental world even the twenty elemental
world Even the thirty elemental world Even the forty elemental world
even the fifty elemental world Even though the thousand one elemental
world is a small part Even though the two thousand elemental worlds are
a moderate part Even the three thousand worlds Even thousands of worlds.
or how much the Blessed One wishes He should only see. The Divine Eye of
the Blessed One in this way. How even with intelligence? The Blessed One
is very wise, has broad wisdom. with joyful wisdom Having wisdom and
passing away, having wisdom, being sharp, having wisdom at first, having
passion, being wise in the category of wisdom, having a sharp intellect.
achieve interaction He attained the 4 Vesararajana, He was a valiant
man, He was a Siha man, He was a Naga man. He was a well-mannered man.
He was a man who led business as usual, had the* greatest intellect, not
the greatest power. The greatest rank is not wealthy, wealthy, wise as a
leader, a wonderful leader, leading often. to know the benefits The
person who gave the page to consider Beneficiary The giver went with a
boat. The Blessed One is the one who gave rise to the path that has not
yet arisen. He made the path that was not yet born ready to arise and
told the path that was not yet born. No one has told He knows the way He
knows the way He is wise in the path. Well, now the Blessed One\'s
disciples are the leaders. According to the way, he became a virtuous
person later. His Highness knew the Dharma that should be known. He sees
the Dhamma that should be seen, has the eye, has the Dharma, has
insight, has the Brahma Dharma, the one who speaks and advises, brings
forth the meaning, bestows the Dharma, the Dharma husband, the
Tathagata. What He doesn\'t know, He doesn\'t see, He doesn\'t know, He
doesn\'t make it clear. not right with wisdom It does not exist for that
Blessed One. All dharmas, including past, future, and present, will come
into the canal of the Enlightened One by all manifestations. Name
benefits that should be recommended every As it should be known, there
is a benefit, a benefit, a benefit of both, a benefit in this life, a
benefit in a life. benefit benefit, benefit, benefit, benefit Disabling
benefits that should be suggested then benefit which has no benefit,
which has no benefit All benefits are within the Buddha\'s knowledge.
The Exalted One, the Enlightened One,

*Wisdom is not contradicting in the past. In the future, there is a
wisdom that doesn\'t interfere. At present, all acrobatics, speech,
mental karma It is according to the knowledge of the Enlightened One,
how many chapters of Dharma should be guided? Only the insight, the more
insight, the only chapter of Dharma that should be recommended. Phra
yarn is the ultimate part of the Dharma chapter that should be
recommended. The dharma chapter that should be introduced is the
ultimate part of the supreme knowledge. The path of Dharma that should
be recommended is not. Those beyond the Dharma are located at the end of
each other\'s surroundings. When the two layers are completely close
together, the lower layers are placed. exceeds the upper baking layer
The top pan layer is not more than the bottom pan layer. The two tiers
were located in the periphery of each other. Whatever dharma teachings
should be introduced, the good wisdom of the Enlightened One is located
at the end of the cycle, and the Dharma chapter that should be
recommended. what Only the wisdom, how much insight, the dharma that
should be recommended There are also chapters of dharma that should be
recommended. at the end of the Buddha image Wisdom is not possible. The
dharma that should guide the way of the dharma that should be introduced
is no more than* those dharmas that are located at the end of each
other\'s surroundings. Raphak, the enlightened person It is omnipotent
in all dharmas. all dharmas because of conscience because of hope Due to
Monski due to mental The feet of the Exalted One, the Enlightened One.
is omnipotent in all beings. The Blessed One is knowledgeable, Anusai,
Charit, Adhimutti, the Enlightened Blessed One of all beings. Oh in the
eye of wisdom Many passions in the wisdom eye are organic to the
e-muscle. An introvert is easily deformed to advise, difficult to
advise. is an animal is an animal misfortune The world with its deities,
the Mara world, the Brahma world, the beasts and the brahmins. angels
and humans It is possible in the Buddha\'s inner knowledge. All types of
fish and taiga, including tami, platimin, and tami. The final assortment
is possible. Just as within the ocean, the world with its gods, the
Mara, the Brahma world, the world of beings with its ascetics and
brahmins, devas and humans. It is within the Buddha\'s knowledge,
therefore, all birds, including Garuda Ventrikotta, are supremely Is it
possible in my climate country? Any Buddha\'s disciples One who is equal
with Phra Sariputra, the Elder by wisdom is in the country of the
Buddha\'s intellect. and all human beings. The sages who were kings,
brahmins, householders, and contemporaries had subtle wisdom. make an
interactive speech Like an archer who can shoot sand feathers,
wandering, as if destroying another\'s view with his own wisdom, those
sages improve the problem Then came to see the Tathagata and ask
questions. which the Blessed One spoke and asked Having said that, it
was a problem that had a reason for expressing it. and he shakes off
Those graduates are respected. to the Blessed One The Blessed One was
truly splendid with wisdom there. The Blessed One has a clear eye even
with this kind of intelligence. How does the Blessed One have a clear
eye even with the eye of the Buddha? His Highness, when His Highness

Examine the world with the Buddha\'s eye. He saw all the animals Few in
the wisdom eye, a lot of passion and dust in the eye. organic matter
Weak organic, good condition, poor condition, easy to guide, difficult
to guide. Some are those who see the dangers and dangers of the
Hereafter. In the green lotus, in the red lotus, in the white lotus, the
stinging lotus Some red lotuses are good, some white lotuses are good.
Born in Nam Charoen in water up and down in water An Nam Loei The green
lotus, the green lotus, the red lotus, the white lotus, some born in the
water, grow in the water, always stand on the water. The green lotus is
good, the red lotus is good, the white lotus is good. Some are born in
the water, grow in the water, rise above the water, do not get stuck.
When he examined the world with the Buddha The eye saw all the creatures
that were guileless, petty in the eye of wisdom. There is a lot of
defilement in the wisdom eye. organic matter have weak organics, have
good symptoms, have bad symptoms, who can advise easily It is difficult
to advise. Some people are the ones who see the dangers and dangers in
the Hereafter. The Blessed One knows that This person is dishonest. This
person is mad. This person is dishonest. This person is insane. This
person is a dishonest person. This person is insidious. The Blessed One
speaks to a person who is ignorant. He spoke of mercy and prayed to him.
A person who has a master\'s degree. He advises a person who is immoral
to remain in learning, in inquiry, in listening to the Dhamma at all
times. in a timely conversation in coexistence with teachers. Says
anapanasati to a person who is vati. Akakarita. He told the sutra that
was a good vision, good enlightenment of Buddha, the righteousness of
the Dharma, the good practice of monks and the precepts of The self,
which is the place of devotion to a person who has faith, speaks the
Dhamma which is the vision of introspection, which has no symptoms. At
noon, there was a feeling of drowsiness, suffering, and a feeling of
selflessness. to a person who is instinctive. as realistic as the word a
man standing on the top of the rock mountain Even as the people around
him should behold, O Lord, the wise Lord, who had eyes all around him,
without his sorrow, ascended to the castle. which is accomplished with
dharma. Please consider saw a group of respected people So so are the
sorrows that an old life has taken over. The Blessed One has the bright
eye even with the Buddha\'s eye. The Blessed One has the bright eye even
How is the eye? omniscient It\'s called the eye. The Blessed One has
gone far, well attained, well attained, well attained, well attained,
composed. omniscient. as real as the saying that anything in this
tri-world which the Tathagata\'s intellect does not see, nor does there
enlightened, no What nature should be recommended? The Tathagata knows
Then all the nature that should be recommended Therefore, the Tathagata

Name is the person who has the eye. The Blessed One has a sharp eye even
with such a sharp eye. The notice has already shown. on the sacred
dharma
[728] The word sacred Dangerous Disposal means the Dharma that
manifests to Him. which he knew very well, not by believing in others,
that this dharma is thus, this dharma is thus, not by listening not by
chronological order, not by reference, not by speculation, or by
speculation. not by thinking according to symptoms, not rightly, that it
should be according to one\'s view, therefore it is called Sakkhidhamma.
There are two kinds of dangers, namely, apparent danger, 1 hidden
danger, 1. Regarding the danger, two, why does the danger appear? Lions,
tigers, yellow tigers, bears, leopards, wolves, cattle, buffaloes,
elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, thieves, people who do evil
deeds. Eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body
disease, head disease, ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough,
asthma, influenza, plague, phlegm, domestic sickness. jaundice,
epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease, leprosy, pox, eczema,
arachnoid disease, epilepsy, scabies, scabies, yaws, warts Lam disease,
yaws, swelling, jaundice, jaundice, jaundice, diabetes, herpes,
impetigo, hemorrhoids, paralysis, sputum The base of affliction with
wind is the base of affliction, affliction, affliction with the
inclement season. Illness is born of inconsistent management; Disgrace
is only of perseverance; Disgrace is born of karma; cold, heat, hunger,
thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination, and touch. This place of
flies, sunstroke, and these dangerous crawling beasts is called danger.
What is the hidden danger? Corrupt body, corrupt speech, corrupt
mentality, eroticism Vengeance Nirunthinmitthaniron Uthachukkuk Janiran
Wichikita Niranragatosa, moha, anger, attachment to anger Disgrace,
equality, jealousy, stinginess, arrogance, stubbornness, stubbornness,
arrogance, contempt, intoxication, negligence, all defilements, all
corruption. All anxiety, all agitation, all affliction. All
auspiciousness These hazards are known as concealed hazards. because of
what therefore called dangerous Because of its possessive nature, it is
called dangerous. Danger. Because of the view that it is an address. of
all unwholesome dharmas are called dangers.

because of the possession So what is the name of danger? Those dangers
dominate. Suppress, oppress, overwhelm, destroy that person. .Because of
the point of being possessed, it is called dangerous. Because of the
point of being inherently deteriorating, what is it called dangerous?
those dangers would lead to deterioration for the destruction of all
merits. Those dangers lead to deterioration. For the dangers of these
virtuous dharmas? Those dangers are for the sake of depravity. This is
the right practice, proper practice, the practice of not being an enemy.
The practice is based on benefits. dharma practice Appropriate for the
virtue of perfection in all precepts, being the protector of the anal
anus in all organics. Knowledge approximate in food frequent composition
in being awakened, conscious, frequent In cultivating the four
foundations of mindfulness, 4 supremacy, 4 power, 4 organics, 5
strength, 5 Bojjangha, 7 Noble Eightfold Paths, such dangers are
possible. to decay to the danger of these merits. Because of the view
that it leads to deterioration, it is called this danger. because it is
the dwelling place of all unwholesome qualities. So what is the name of
danger? Unwholesome- \*Those obscene Dharmas It happened in that state.
It is fair to live in the self, like those who are in the hole that
dwells in the hole The water is in the water that lives in the forest.
in the forest Just as a tree resides in a tree, those obscene
unwholesome qualities therefore it arises in the self; therefore, it is
just as it resides in the self. Because it is the dwelling place of all
unwholesome things, it is called this danger. Indeed, as the Blessed One
has said, monks, there are monks who are with Antevasik, who are with
teachers. Lam bak is not well. Look, bhikkhus. the monk who surveyed
with Antevasik How is the person who lives with the teacher in a bad
mood and is not happy? Bhikkhus, a lewd immorality arises in this Dhamma
and Discipline because of the sight of form. snatching the eyes of those
obscene virtues sank into the bhikkhu for the following reasons: So he
called that monk People with Anthevasik For that reason, those filthy
unwholesome qualities swarmed with bhikkhus. So he called that monk
Those who live with the teacher. On the other hand, unwholesome, lewd
dharmas tend to wander in the mood to support the great deeds. up to the
monks because Sound is heard with the ears because of the smell with the
nose because of the taste with the tongue. because he was right to touch
with the body, because he knew the Dharma by the mind. those obscene
virtues sank into the interior of that bhikkhu, for this reason So he
called that monk People with Anthevasik Those unwholesome unwholesome
dharmas swarm the monks. for this reason So he called that monk
co-workers with teachers look at the monks the monks who surveyed with
Antevasik Those who live with the Master are in trouble, and therefore
are not ripe. Because it is the dwelling place of all unwholesome
things, it is called this danger.

The three dharmas are defiled within, real as the Blessed One has said:
Bhikkhus, these three things are unclean inwardly, unfriendly inwardly.
an internal enemy What is the internal executioner, the internal enemy,
the three things? that is, greed is unclean within. internally friendly
an internal enemy is an internal assassin an internal enemy anger is
unclean within. internally friendly an internal enemy is an internal
assassin It is an enemy within, a ruler, a defilement within. internally
friendly an internal enemy It is an internal executioner, an internal
enemy, these three things, bhikkhus, are internally unclean, internally
hostile, internally enemy. is an internal assassin is the enemy within.
the Blessed One, the Blessed One Having finished speaking this proverb,
he continued to chant, saying: greed for things that are not useful
Greed causes the mind to arise; greed is a danger that arises within. A
bully does not suffer that danger; a greedy person does not know its
meaning. The greedy man sees the Dharma; greed dominates the people at
the moment, the low darkness exists at that moment. Wrath on things that
are not useful cause wrath. still have the mind to start Anger is a
calamity that arises within. The bully doesn\'t feel that. The angry man
doesn\'t know the meaning. An angry person does not see righteousness;
anger dominates the people at any moment. Tui Chom had at that time
something that is not useful to cause Moha still aggravates the mind.
Ruler is a danger Up in the inside of Bullyon Yeo I did not feel the
danger. Delusional people do not know the meaning of people. Fall in
love with no righteousness At any moment the passion dominates the
people, there is at that moment darkness . Therefore, it is called this
dangerous. Indeed, as the Blessed One had said: \"Look at the majesty of
the majesty, these three things, when they arise within a man, arise.
for not for the benefit of suffering not being well What are the three
dhammas? up for not benefiting, for suffering, for the sake of
Righteousness is wrath when it arises. In the interior of the great man
was born. not for the benefit of suffering, for the misfortune. Dharma
is ruthlessness, and when it arises in the inner man, it arises for no
benefit. to support the suffering, for the sake of suffering, for the
sake of death; up in the interior A man is born for the sake of not
benefiting, for suffering, for the well-being of the Blessed One. When
he had finished speaking this proverb, he continued to chant, saying:

Greed, hatred and delusion arise in the self a man with a lewd mind like
bamboo shoots therefore dispose of bamboo. because it is the dwelling
place of all unwholesome qualities. Therefore, it is called this
dangerous. as true as the Blessed One had said: Sensation and wrath are
present as a cause. Born from this ego, not pleased with merit,
delighted with your sensual pleasures, causing goosebumps in the mind
that arise from this existence and bind the mind. Like children tying
ravens at their ankles. Therefore, because it is the dwelling place of
all unwholesome qualities, it is called this danger. The word hazard
remover means a hazard remover. It is a dangerous device. It is a
dangerous calming device. It is a dangerous surrender. as a deterrent
immortal nirvana Therefore, it is called that the Dharma is a tool to
eliminate danger.
[729] \"Reverend Sir I ask you to speak, explain,
enact, appoint, appoint, classify, shallow, declare what is right.
Adhesion is suitable, adhesion is not an enemy, adhesion is for the
benefit. Dharma practice is suitable for dharma. perfection in all the
precepts Protection of the anus in all organics Modest knowledge in
nutrition, frequent repercussions in awakening, mindfulness,
mindfulness, four foundations of knowledge, four powers, four organic
powers, five strengths, five powers. The Noble Eightfold Path, the
Eightfold Path, Nirvana, and the Path leading to Nirvana. Therefore, it
is called that the Lord Buddha speaks to the Buddha\'s vision. The
enlightened Rabhattan, on the other hand, the word bhattante, meaning
that the Lord has spoken, decreed, appointed, opened. Revealed, made
shallow, what dharma was proclaimed? All these dharmas are good,
virtuous, virtuous, blameless, should be ingested, therefore it is
called the Almighty One.
[730] The word Patimokkha in the word
Patimokkha or even meditation means morality is the establishment. is
the foundation, is the composure, is the oral caution the chairman of
the matter, along with All wholesome qualities. The word or even
concentration encompasses the concentration, the persistence, the
firmness, the non-discretion, the non-distractedness of the mind. the
kindness of anything Calmness, meditation, physical concentration, right
concentration, therefore it is called Patimokkha or even Samadhi.
Therefore, the Buddha Nimit asked: The Blessed One, who had clear eyes,
showed dharma machine eliminating danger Blessed One May the Lord preach
the Patipada, the Patimokkha or the Meditation.
[731] A monk should
not be fooled by the eyes. They should protect their ears from speech,
do not be attracted to tastes, do not cling to any body. of us in the
world.

Concerning one who is loathsome with the eye
[732] The word that a
monk should not be greedy. \"Monks, a monk is also a lazy person. How is
the eye? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline are loathsome with the
eye, including the loathsome one. We should look at the pictures that we
have seen before. which the travel is uncertain To the monastery to the
monastery To the garden to the garden To the house to the house To the
settlements To the city to the city To the glasses-but-Kwae To the
countryside to the countryside, to see the image, the monks, even this
way of loathing with the eyes. another The bhikkhu went into the
neighborhood of the village, deni, went down the road as an unsatisfied
person walking, namely, looking at the elephants. Look at cars, look at
pedestrians, look at women, look at men, look at pediatrics and look at
kumaris. Shops all the time, look at the front of the porch, look above
and look down, ladtu. The chief navigator walked up to the monks as a
monk. Foolish eyes even like this. another A bhikkhu who sees a form
with his eyes, is a visionary, holds a consonant, does not practice for
the continuation of the eye. that when not consolidated It should cause
unwholesome qualities that are obscene, namely covetousness and sorrow,
to dominate them. would not treat Chakkhunsee It does not mean the
composure in Chakhunsee. A bhikkhu is loathed with such an eye.
Moreover, some ascetics and brahmins, who have given food in faith, are
eager to see the play. The enemy of merit sees like this: dancing,
driving, fanfare, dancing, etc., storytelling, clapping songs, gong
ranat, movies, beggar songs, and playing altars. Play in front of the
funeral, elephant race, horse race, buffalo crash, cattle collide,
collide, cockfight, partridge, baton dance, boxing, wrestling, combat,
military inspection, military procession, army, monks. Even so, a monk
is loathsome with the eye. What kind of man is this? A bhikkhu in this
Dharma and Discipline enters the neighborhood, walks along the streets,
walks in communion, does not look at the elephants, does not look at the
elephants. I do not look at pedestrians, do not look at men, do not look
at men, do not look at children, do not look at the market do not look
at the front of the house does not look above do not look below Not
looking at the small and large direction, walking, the monk is not a
monk. Treat your eyes like this. On the other hand, a monk sees a form
with his eyes and does not understand. If the vision does not hold a
consonant, it can be practiced in order to consolidate the knowledge
that when other Failure to consolidate will cause the The lewd dharma is
Abhijja and Sadness reigns will heal Chakhunsee Refers to the composure
in Chakhunsee. A monk is not a lazy person. with the eyes even this way.
The food that he has given in faith, he is eager to see the play as an
enemy to charity, that is, the dance, the driving, the fanfare. There is
a dance. beginnings, storytelling, etc. As an army, monks are exempt
from the urge to watch and play. Which is the enemy of merit. Seeing
like this, a monk is not indifferent with such a keen eye.

The word not to be foolish by the eye means to abandon, alleviate, put
an end to nothing. which is the vagabond with the eyes, is the one who
abstains. except to shake off, to shake off It is not related to being
greedy with the eyes, one whose mind is free from the realm of
defilements, therefore it is said that one should not be greedy. with
the eye. Concerning Tiratchanaktha
[733] Tirajanaktha has 32 things:
the king, the thief, the great king, the army, the danger, the war, the
rice, the water, the cloth, the craft, the bed. Tales of flowers,
stories of fragrant, stories of relatives, stories of houses, stories of
settlements, stories of cities, stories of rural areas, stories of
women, stories of men, tales of brave people, tales of alleys, tales of
waterfronts. The story of someone who has passed away Miscellaneous
matters, matters of the world, matters of the sea, matters of prosperity
and deterioration in such a way are called phrasing in the word \"should
protect the ears\" from sarcasm. . The word should protect the ear is to
protect, forbid, prevent, prevent, protect, shut off the ear from
speech. Therefore, it is said that one should protect the ears from the
rhetoric about different tastes. These are root flavor, stem flavor,
bark flavor, leaf flavor, flower flavor, fruit flavor, sour, sweet,
bitter, spicy, salty, pungent, pungent, pungent taste. Delicious,
unpalatable taste, cold taste, hot taste. Some ascetics and brahmins are
fascinated by the taste, travel, and seek the best taste with the tip of
their fingers. .Getting sour, then looking for a non-sour taste, gaining
a non-sour taste, and then Seeking sour taste, etc., obtaining cold,
then seeking hot. It tastes hot and then seeks coolness. Those ascetics
and brahmins, having tasted any flavor, were dissatisfied with that
flavor. to travel in search of other flavors He is the one who desires,
desires, delights, is attracted, is fascinated, is involved, is involved
in pleasing tastes. Desire for that flavor, which a monk has cut off,
etc., has been burned by the fire of wisdom. The monk contemplated with
wisdom. and then i eat not me to play no i\'m so drunk not me to
decorate No, I\'m to adorn, I\'m to maintain this body. so that this
body may be, for the relief of hardships for comfort Worshiping the
virgins only, etc., our well-being will be shaped by the following
scheme. Oiling the wagon axles so as to carry the burden of consuming
the flesh of his sons, so as to leave the wilderness alone, just as a
monk considers with wisdom and eats food. Otherwise, to play, etc.,
there will be impunity and comfort. As follows, a monk should renounce
and bring an end to the There is no craving for taste, he is the one who
abstains. absent, renounced, lapsed, unrelated to I want to be a person
who has a mind free from the realm of defilements. Therefore, it is said
that you are not attracted to the taste. On our vows
[735] It\'s
called our esteem in the word not to hold any body. of us in the world
These are two kinds of beliefs, namely, our belief in one\'s desire,
one\'s belief in one\'s view, etc.

This is called our lusts, etc. This is called our lusts. The monks
abandoned the of our If I renounce my beliefs by stubbornness, then do
not hold, do not hold, do not hold, do not hold. Our eye does not hold,
does not hold, does not hold, does not hold, does not hold, ear, nose,
tongue, body, form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune,
rank, sanctuary, happiness, robes, alms, senas, kilan, medicinal
necessities, kama-elements, figure-elements. Immaterial, eroticism,
formlessness, immaterial, non-conceptual, unconceptual, necessity,
navakarnapp, cosmology, quadrature, panjavokarnap, past, future,
present, visible form, heard sound. Known emotions The enlightened
dharma of ours. The word sankhara is form, feeling, covenant, sankhara,
spirit, whatever. The word in the world is, in the evil world, etc.,
therefore the self-consciousness. That\'s why we shouldn\'t hold any of
our body in the world. because of that The Blessed One replied, A monk
should not be a greedy person. all eyes They should protect their ears
from speech, not be addicted to tastes, and do not hold on to anything.
of us in the world.
[736] A bhikkhu should be touched, and then should
not do anything. Rumbling in any place undesirable world and do not
panic because Cowardice. on diseases
[737] When a monk should be
touched, a monk should be touched. Touch is a disease, rightly
dominated, swarmed, assembled Those who suffer from eye disease, eye
disease, nose disease, tongue disease, physical disease, head disease,
ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough, asthma, influenza,
plague Abdominal disease, epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root disease,
leprosy, pox, eczema, epilepsy, scabies, scabies Warts, pustules, yaws,
hemorrhagic disease, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids,
and paralysis are common. Apathy has phlegm as a place, Apathy has a
wind as a place. an ailment happened but the season changes Illness
occurs, but management is not consistent. Illness arises. but stamina is
beyond strength, sorrow arises only the calamity of karma: cold, heat,
hunger, thirst, pain in defecation, pain in urination, touch of flies,
mosquitoes, heatstroke, and crawling beasts. has been encroached upon,
hence the name that a bhikkhu should be touched whenever.
[738] then
did not Wherever there is rapture, that monk should not be enraged.
Talkingness, vanity, delirium, tell-tale symptoms, tell-tale symptoms.
Teller is not to arise, not to be born, to be ready, not to be born. not
to occur only. The word anywhere is anywhere, everywhere, inside,
outside, inside and outside. Therefore, it is said that when that time
should not be done.

Rumbling in any place.
[739] The word undesirable means undesirable.
Totally undesirable, undesirable only for the lustful existence of the
physical world, hence the name is undesirable. On Peril and Cowardice

[740] It\'s called cowardice in the word and unshaken. Because of
cowardice, danger is good, cowardice is good, so are the symptoms.
Indeed, as the Blessed One said, this danger and cowardice are sure to
come. at is the lion, the tiger, the tiger, the rest of the tiger Bears,
leopards, wolves, jacobs, buffaloes, elephants, snakes, scorpions. A
thief centipede, a person who does evil deeds, who is prepared to do
evil deeds. fear of action, fearful, apprehensive goosebumps which is
born to the mind within terror The shock of the mind, the danger of the
nation, the danger of old age, the danger of pathology, the danger of
death, the danger of the king, the danger of thieves, the danger of
fire, the danger of water, the danger of self-blame. Peril but the blame
of others, peril but crime, peril but adversity, peril but move, peril
but a whirlwind, peril but fish. Danger but livelihood, danger but
blame, danger but anxiety in the community, cowardice, fear of
extremism, terror. The shock of the mind is called danger. The word not
to be moved because of cowardice is that a monk sees or hears a
frightening object. Do not flinch trembling with fear That is, one
should not be cowardly, not terrified, not flinched. not fleeing, should
let go of fear and cowardice without being a rider He was trembling,
hence the name. that he should not be moved because of cowardice. The
Blessed One replied that when a bhikkhu should have been touched Do not
do Rumbling in any place undesirable world and should not be moved
because of cowardice. The water is good, the food should be chewed as
well. should not be accumulating, when it is not controversial, the tree
should not be startled. on rice, water and things that should be chewed

[742] The word rice in the word rice is good, the water is good, the
food should be chewed, the cloth is good, such as cooked rice,
Kummassat, fish that water is like eight things Mango juice, wa fruit
juice Banana fruit juice with seeds Banana juice without seeds, mango
juice, sandalwood juice, lotus root juice, lychee juice. Pana 8 Another
thing is the sacra fruit juice. Hawk\'s claw juice, jujube fruit juice,
pan made with splat, oil, yaku rice, milk, flavored pana. The term
Chewables means Chewables, made of flour, Chewables made into
confectionery. Chewable items made of wood rhizomes. Chewable items made
of bark. Leaves should be chewed. Made with flowers, things should be
chewed on. made with fruit.

Fabrics include 6 types of robes: bark, cotton, silk, and fur. linen
cloth made of bark and so on, so it is said that the rice is good, the
water is good, the food should be chewed, the cloth is good. On
obtaining righteousness
[743] The word \"got\" in the word \"got\"
\... should not be accumulated. It is received, it is obtained, it is
experienced, it can only be obtained, not by lies, not by colloquialism,
not by by doing dimensions, not by eliminating him. Not by seeking,
gaining with wealth, not by giving real wood. Not by giving wood, not by
giving leaves. not by giving flowers Not by giving them fruit, not by
giving them a shower. Not by giving, not by giving. Not sticky by
gritting your teeth. not by gargling not with say to make him love
himself Not with vain words, not with manners that flatter him, not with
dignity. seated person (His acquaintance) is not with Vaji. It is not
possible to view the area snatching not by palmistry, not by palmistry,
not by walking as an ambassador, not by as a servant Not by dignity, a
traveler, not by medicine. not with the method not by giving a lump of
rice in return not by giving and adding Rather, received, received,
received, experienced, only, and evenly received, hence the name
\"got\". should not be collecting, that is, not collecting rice
Collecting water, accumulating cloth, accumulating craftsmanship,
accumulating bedding. collection of incense The assembling of the amis
is not the accumulating; that is, to be born, to be ready, to be born,
to be born, therefore it is called acquiring ... should not be
acquiring.
[744] The word, when there is no rice, etc., does not
apply. was startled, saying that the monks were not shocked Excited and
terrified of the terror that we didn\'t get drunk, didn\'t get water,
didn\'t pass, didn\'t get the family, didn\'t get the clergy, didn\'t
get the abbot. did not fail Not receiving rank, not praising, not happy,
not receiving vows, not giving alms, not giving alms, not receiving
pharmacological factors. He wasn\'t a clairvoyant, he wasn\'t a famous
person, his voice appeared like this: a monk should not be a coward,
neither would he be afraid, would not flee. go be One who renounces fear
and cowardice, is free from scrutiny. The hair is puffed up, so it is
called that when there is no rice, then one should not be startled.
because of that Blessed One therefore answered that A bhikkhu has
obtained good rice, good water, good chewing, good cloth, not
cultivating, and if he does not grow rice, the tree should not be
flinched. Chong.
[745] A monk should have meditation. Don\'t be lazy
because of your feet. to abstain from rage, not to be heedless, and to
abide in this place, in a low-pitched mattress.
[746] The word There
is jhāna. In the words a bhikkhu should be meditative, not be fooled by
his feet.

That a bhikkhu should be a monk, even with the first meditation, should
be a person, even with a second person, be a fool, and even with a
second person. tertiary meditation One should be one who has a jhāda, wa
yatutthana, one who has one jhāna, even with jhānamyvati, kavira, one
who has a jhana too. Jhana has no anxiety, only contemplation, one who
has Jhana, even if Jhana has no anxiety and speech, one who has Jhana.
even with joyful meditation One should be one who has Jhana, even if
Jhana has no rapture. should also have meditation Congratulations to the
United States with joy One should be one who has a great jhana, one who
has a communion with happiness, one who will have one jhana even with a
farted jhana. With happiness, one should have a good meditation. snatch
the United States with equanimity One should have Jhana, even if Jhana
is Sunyata. One who has Jhana, even with Jhana as Animita, One who has
Jhana even with Jhana as an appanahi. Rita is the one who has Jhana even
if the Jhana is the worldly. should be a person who has meditation even
with jhana as lokutra, i.e. one who is delighted in jhana Strive to be a
magnate I\'m in a good mood one is heavy in his own benefit, hence the
name should be a person who has meditation. Concerning one who is lazy
because of the feet, the word should not be one who is lazy because of
the feet. It means that a monk is very lazy. What? Some monks in this
Dharma and Discipline are fools because of the other feet. consisted of
reluctance because the feet were a frequent operator, which had been
traveling for a long time which the travel is uncertain To the monastery
to the monastery To the garden to the garden To the house to the house
To the settlement, to the city, to the city, to the spectacle, to the
countryside, but to the countryside, the monks are lazy because of their
feet. this. another A bhikkhu is a person with greediness. In the
interior of the sangharam, not walking for reasons of benefit, not for
deni because of acting foolishly. be calm walk to each area walk to the
viharn but the viharn walked to a house with a single strip of roof, but
the house had single bar roof Walked to the castle but the castle walked
to the castle and built a bald roofed house. Walked to the cave, but the
cave walked to the hide, but the hideous walked to the scoo. Woree Tae
Kudi walks to the top but the top is walking to the top walk to the
marquee but the marquee Walked to the lodging house Walking to the
storage house but the storage house walk to my shed but my shed Walked
to the roundhouse, but the roundhouse walked to the base of the tree,
but the base of the tree or walks in the place where the monks sit; she
is second to one of the monks. being the third of two monks is the
fourth of three monks talk about They were very peculiar in that place,
namely, about the king, about the thieves \... about the sea, about the
prosperity and In such a way, a bhikkhu is reluctant because of his
feet. A bhikkhu should abandon, alleviate, and put an end to the absence
of laziness because of gray. is to be the one who refrains from giving
up Leaving has nothing to do with being greedy because the feet should
be hairy. The mind is free from the realm of passion. generosity Change
one\'s posture, conduct, maintain, maintain, heal. That monk should be
people who like seclusion welcomed in seclusion Aspiring for inner
peace, not estranged from Jhana, consisting of Vipassana. Increased
living in an empty house, becoming one who has jhana yani, good in jhān
khuan.

He is one who has one mind, one who is heavy on one\'s own benefit,
therefore it is called a monk who has contemplation Do not be lazy
because of your feet.
[747] The word rage in words should be refrained
from rage, not to be underestimated. The rage of the feet, the rage, and
the feet are words. The importance of things that shouldn\'t be The
importance of something that is not punishable, the importance of
something that is not punishable, annoyance, annoying behavior, being a
bully Worried about this trouble and distress than annoyance. concerning
that nuisance arises for two reasons; the other is nuisance, mental
distress, and distress. It arises for two reasons, namely because of
doing and not doing it. Annoying, mental distress, and dissatisfaction
arise because of doing and because of not doing it. ?annoying, mental
distress I\'m worried about you. We do not act dishonestly, we do not
act dishonestly, we speak corruptly, we do not Honest speech, we do
corrupt ideas, we do not think. We do alms giving, we do not
intentionally refrain from offerings. we do tinnatan We do not
deliberately abstain from Adinnathan. We do not deceive us. With the
intention of refraining from scammers, we can\'t lie to us. Doing
intentionally refraining from lies, we do blasphemy, we do not
intentionally refraining from blasphemy, we do blasphemy, we do not do.
Intent to refrain from From the word of mouth, we touch the fish. We did
not intentionally abstain. From the touch of the fish we do
enlightenment, we do not enlightenment, we do. Vengeful, we do not do
bad, we do not do evil, we do not do. The feeling of nuisance troubled,
mentally disturbed This happens because of actions and actions. Do this.
On the other hand, distress, distress, and anxiety arise that we are not
perfect in the precepts. non-smart person occupying anus in organics, I
am ignorant in nutrition; I am one who does not engage in perseverance
as a awakening; we cannot be. It consists of mindfulness and
comprehension. We do not practice the 4 Foundations of Mindfulness. 4 We
do not grow organics 5 We do not develop physical strength 5 We do not
grow bojongkha 7 We do not grow The Noble Eightfold Path, we do not
define suffering, we do not abandon Samutaya. We are not knowledgeable.
we can\'t Make it known that Nirodha. The word to refrain from rage
means to refrain from rage, to refrain from rage, to put an end to rage,
to be the absence of rage, that is, to be One who abstains, abstains,
abstains, renounces, dies, does not have anything to do with rage,
should live with a mind free from the realm of defilements. Therefore,
it is the name of refraining from rage. concerning negligence. The word
negligence means that one should act graciously, make contact, do not
stop, have a

behave incessantly, do not agree to consent Do not be careless in all
dharmas on the charity side. satisfied with the effort Due to diligence,
strength, relentlessness, remembering, sensibility Perseverance is the
engine of passion all around. steadfast perseverance, determination,
frequent commitment In that wholesome dharma, when should we attain the
immature virtue, or should we honor the immature virtue there? Wisdom as
follows. It\'s called carelessness. In all dharmas, charity.
Satisfaction, effort ... frequent work in that charity when do we
Samadhi Khanthayi is not perfect. Or should we cherish the supreme
concentration in that place with wisdom? This is called carelessness in
all dharmas of charity. Satisfaction, effort\... In that wholesome
dharma, when should we attain the immature intelligence, or should we
advocate for the wisdom that is perfect? complete there with wisdom as
follows: The name is not Carelessness in all virtues of charity.
Satisfaction, effort, ... the frequent practice of merit- \*that dharma
that when we should reach the liberation that is not yet perfect. or
should we advocate liberation which is abundant in that place with
wisdom, thus is called heedfulness in all virtuous dharmas.
Satisfaction, effort ... frequent work in that wholesome dharma, when we
should be liberated that is not yet perfect or we should support
Wimuttinyanatasanakanthabi filled there with wisdom This is called
carelessness in all virtues of charity. Satisfaction, effort,
perseverance, persistence. Strength, relentlessness, remembrance,
stamina, perseverance. It is the source of passion that heats all our
perseverance, intention, and other actions in that wholesome dharma,
that when we should determine the unsettled suffering. We should abandon
all defilements that have not yet been abandoned. Shall we develop the
path that has not yet developed, or should we make it known to the
nirodha that has not yet been developed? to inform as follows: Name
carelessness in all virtues Therefore, it is called refraining from
rage. Do not underestimate.
[748] \"Att\" in words, and a monk sits in
a seat, in a bed with a low voice, a junction, etc. Where does a monk
sit? That place is called a seat, which is a bed, a seat, a mattress, a
mat, a piece of leather, and a lawn. leaf milling machine Straw machine.
Senasana is called a bed; it is a sanctuary, a single-roofed house, a
lone-roofed castle. The cave is therefore named in the seat in the
mattress. The bhikkhu dwells... with a low voice. which means that a
monk should wander around and stop behavior Healing in the Senasana A
low voice is a loud noise. without crowds of passers-by The secret karma
of human beings should therefore be avoided. hence the name and the
monks live In the seat in the bed where the sound of noise Therefore,
the Blessed One replied, A monk should be a person who has no
meditation. to be reluctant because his feet should refrain from rage.
Do not be careless and sit in a seat in a low-pitched place.
[749] A
monk should not sleep much. be persevering addicted to awakening

Let go of idleness, deceit, laughter, and playfulness, which goes with
adornment.
[750] The saying that a monk should not sleep much, that a
monk should divide the night and Six parts of the day are waking up,
five parts are asleep and one part is asleep, hence the name is a monk.
Do not get too much sleep.
[751] The word that one should persevere in
becoming a awakening person means that a monk in this Dharma and
Discipline should purify the mind from the Dharma as a barrier By
walking and sitting all day long, one should purify the mind from the
Dhamma as a barrier. by walking and sitting Throughout the beginning of
the night be successful Siha Saiya (Sleep like The lion) with his right
foot overlapping his feet, comprehending consciousness, making a promise
to awaken in his heart. Throughout the middle of the night wake up
Please cleanse your mind Purity from the Dharma is a barrier. By walking
and sitting in the middle of the night. The word hide-and-seek Another
is to use drugs with specific drugs. which is awakening, therefore it is
called that one should indulge in awakening. The word perseverance means
perseverance is called perseverance. These are the forerunner of
perseverance, advancement, advancement, progression, effort,
perseverance, diligence, stability, conviction and progress. shrunk
refusal to disagree to support the errands A bhikkhu is approaching,
reaching, ready, entering, reaching, reaching, reaching, ready,
assembled with perseverance. this A bhikkhu is called perseverance,
therefore it is called perseverance, consuming awakening. on
indifference
[752] is called laziness in the word indifference. The
infatuation, laughter, play, spirituality that go with decoration. These
are laziness, idle verbs, idleness, idleness. laziness, lazy behavior
This laziness than laziness. The word deceit means deceitful behavior
It\'s called deception. Some people in this world corrupt behavior
verbal corrupt behavior behave dishonestly and then make obscene desires
because they will hide their corruption That is to wish that no one knew
me. (that I am doing evil) thinking that no one will know me, thinking
that no one will know me. Thinking that no one knows me, then I strive
with the body. deceit, deceit Action is a mask. Actions that hide the
truth Actions that hide the wrong Actions that hide the bad actions
wrongdoing to hide the wrong actions that hide the evil Behavior that
hides the bad behavior The evil action that conceals the evil, the
secret, the anonymity. This act of covering up wrongdoings is called
deception.

It\'s about playing with two things. The word laughter means that some
people in this world laugh beyond measure until their teeth appear. The
Blessed One said: look at the monks Laughter is beyond measure. It
appears that this is the behavior of Dek. In the noble discipline, play
is defined as two kinds of play, namely physical play, one verbal play,
and one bodily play. ? Some people play some elephants, some horses,
some horses, some cars, some archers, some play chess in a row of eight
eyes. D play some chess in a row of 10 turns, play some checkers play
qing nang chang play some chess pieces play some snare Play some
buzzing, some flick, some pictures, some skating, some leaf blowing.
Plow a little, play some vault. play some turbines Some sand, some
little cars, some little bows, some scribbles. Let\'s say hello to each
other. imitate some beggar This is called physical play. What is verbal
play? playing drums play the harp, play the drums by mouth play
whistling lenge Knocking, playing, blowing, playing, practicing,
playing, playing, playing, playing, singing, playing, laughing. This is
called verbal play. about Gemini, named Gemini such as the dharma of the
wicked The Dharma of the villagers, the Dharma of the wicked, the Dharma
of the wicked, the Dharma with the purification water is the supreme
part of the Dharma done in the secret place. The dharma is the dharma of
the pair of people. Why do the sages say that Gemini Dharma? soaked with
sensuality There is an increase in sensuality possessed by a lustful
mind They were both the same people because of the following reasons.
The graduate then said that Gemini Dharma. Two people quarreled. called
a companion Two people signify an engagement. called a companion Two
people made a scandal called a companion two people quarrel called a
companion Two people talk about each other. They are called companions.
Two people talking to each other are called companions. two people
arguing Just as they are called companions, the Dharma of the
companions, the one who is determined, the one who is lustful. There is
an increase in sensuality possessed by a lustful mind Both of them were
the same people because of the following reasons. So the sage said that
Gemini Dhamma was about two kinds of decorations, called decorations.
namely, there are two kinds of decorations: the decoration of the layman
1 The decoration of the monks 1. What is the decoration of the layman?
Hair styling, mustache styling, flower styling, perfume spraying, skin
dyeing, styling and jewelry. dressing up wearing beautiful clothes
adornment of the wrist, balancing the turban, circumcision, body
massage, bathing, bending, mirroring, eye makeup, wearing a wreath,
making a mouth, and anointing the face. Bows, wrists, hair styling, the
use of staves, the use of wands, the use of swords, the use of
umbrellas, the wearing of beautiful shoes, the chopping board, the
attachment. The front frame, pinning, the use of fans, the wearing of
white cloth. Wearing a long men\'s garment This is called the decoration
of the layman.

What is the decoration of monks? robe decoration ordination ceremony or
decorating, decorating, playing fun in decorating enjoyment of
decoration desire to decorate preference for decoration adornment the
embellishment which this tainted body, or all external faculties This is
called the decoration of monks. The word to refrain from indifference
The deceit, laughter, and the play of godliness along with the adornment
of refraining, alleviating, bringing an end to the absence of hatred,
deceit, laughter, play of virtue. which goes with the decoration, that
is, the family, the equipment, and the attendant, therefore it is called
that one should refrain from laziness, deceit, laughter, and play on
Gemini Dharma. which goes with decoration. because of that The Blessed
One replied that a bhikkhu should not sleep much, should persevere in
the enlightenment, refrain from laziness and deceit. Laughter, Gemini
Dharma which goes with decoration.
[753] A venerable monk Do not
engage in paranormal activity, divination, divination, character and
spectacle, and do not indulge in guessing the sounds of animals.
Pregnancy pills and treatment of disease. on the making of the
paranormal Do not engage in paranormal making, divination, divination,
character and spectacle. Performing a paranormal when the city is
besieged or when the war is against each other. causing mischief to
happen cause disease to occur, cause colic disease ascending, causing
the disease to take root, causing sepsis to occur cause dysentery to
occur among the hostile foes The magical people perform the paranormal.
entrepreneur Do a paranormal like this. on forecasting dreams People who
predict dreams will do. You dream that people who dream in the morning.
will have this effect. noon dreamer will have this effect, people dream
at evening It will have this effect. People dream when they are It will
have this effect on people who dream in the middle. Will there be such
an effect? It will have this effect. The person sleeping on the right
will dream of ghosts. In this way, the person sleeping on the left
dreams will have this effect, the person sleeping on his back dreaming
will have this effect. dreamer will have this effect. People who dream
of seeing the moon will have results like this. Seeing the sun will have
this effect. People dream of seeing the ocean. will have this effect.
Dreamer sees Sinerurat mountain will have this effect. elephant dreamer
It will have this effect. People who dream of seeing horses will have
results like this. People who dream of seeing cars will have results
like this. Dreamers see people walking on foot. will have this effect. A
dreamer sees a group of sena. It will be like this. A dreamer sees a
pleasant garden. There will be results like this. The dreamer sees a
pleasant forest. will have this effect. Dreamers see a pleasant region.
will have this effect. A dreamer sees a pond that is dirty.

Joy will have this effect. people who dream would predict such a dream.
on character prediction The people who predicted the characteristics
would be predictable. Characteristics are glass characteristics, staff
characteristics, cloth characteristics, sword characteristics, arrow
characteristics, weapon characteristics, women\'s characteristics,
men\'s characteristics, Kumari characteristics, children\'s
characteristics, hand-painted characteristics. with Slave
characteristics, elephant characteristics, horse characteristics,
buffalo characteristics Cattle characteristics, goat characteristics,
sheep characteristics Chicken traits, bird traits, badass traits, blue
sky traits, turtle traits, marau traits, people who predict such traits
are likely to predict this trait. on viewing the season people who look
You can check the seasons to see if there are 28 seasons, auspicious
events for the new house. It should be done by the monks. Auspicious
work of tying ornaments. should be done by this ceremony, auspicious
wedding ceremony should be done by this ceremony, auspicious work to
plant It should be done in this season, auspicious deeds should be done
in this season. The words not to engage in doing paranormal activity,
divination of dreams, guessing characteristics, and looking at the
traits mean that one should not behave, should not behave by not
generous to adhere to behavior in which paranormal making, divination,
character guessing, and viewing on the other hand, it should not be
seized, it should not be held, it should not be remembered. should not
enter into memory, should not go to prescribe, should not be involved in
the making of the paranormal, fortune telling, fortune telling
Therefore, it is said that you should not engage in magic divination.
Prediction of characteristics and fortunes. On the prediction of the
sound of meat and birds.
[755] The sound of the flesh and the sound of
the birds called complaining in the word that the monks should not hide
addicted to greetings The animal demands the preparation of medicines
for conceiving and the treatment of diseases that people who know the
sound of meat and birds can understand the sound of meat and birds, that
is, know the sound of meat. need voice of dialogue Place of birds or
four-legged animals People who know the sound of meat and birds I
predicted the sound of meat and birds like this. Concerning pregnancy is
not established for two reasons. to become pregnant Pregnancy is not
established for two reasons: by the beasts and by the wind. 1. People
who make medicine to get pregnant will give medicine. to treat the
animals or to treat recurrent winds People who make drugs to get
pregnant to be pregnant up like this. on disease treatment name of
treatment which is the treatment of 5 diseases, namely, sekbao
treatment. Surgical treatment, drug treatment, ghost treatment Pediatric
treatment. The word bhikkhu is a bhikkhu who respects the Lord Buddha.
Dharma devotees monks the monks Respect the Blessed One, or that the
Blessed One accepts that person. as true as the Blessed One said. Look,
monks, monks.

Those who are deceitful, crap, talk nonsense, like to decorate, have
high perseverance, like a cane, do not concentrate on the monks; those
monks are called Peng. non-registered persons regard us as devoid of
this Dharma and Discipline, and do not reach full prosperity in this
Dhamma and Discipline. Bhikkhus, who are the monks who do not deceive?
Sucking frivolously, wise, not stubborn, meditative. Bhikkhus, those
monks are called Nga, who respect me, who are not devoid of moral
discipline, and are full of prosperity and abundance in the Dharma. This
discipline. the Blessed One, the Blessed One When this proverb was
finished speaking therefore spoke a spell He continued to write that
Bhikkhus who are deceitful, stubborn, talk nonsense, have high
endeavors, like a reed, do not meditate, they do not grow in the Dhamma
and Discipline of the Buddha. has shown As for those monks who are not
deceitful, do not talk gibberish, are wise, are not hard-headed, are
well concentrated, they flourish in the Dharma and Discipline that the
Lord Buddha preached. His Majesty has shown. The word respected monk Do
not try to guess the sound of singing animals. Pregnancy pills and
treatment of disease Do not take drugs Not to take drugs, not to behave,
to behave in a hospitable manner. conducts the behavior of predicting
the sound of animals requesting improvement Pregnancy Pills and
treatment of disease. On the other hand, it should not be held, it
should not be held, it should not be held, it will not be held, it will
not be stipulated, it should not be made up of animal predictions. need
Pregnancy pills and treatment of disease Therefore, it is known that the
devoted monks should not indulge in guessing the sound of animals
singing. Pregnancy pills and treatment of disease. because of that The
Blessed One replied that a devoted monk should not engage in magic,
divination, guessing, appearance and viewing; should not indulge in
fortune telling; Pregnancy Pills and treatment of disease.
[756] A
monk should not be moved by gossip. praised by him, should not be
raised, should alleviate greed. Along with stinginess, anger and
slander. about not being moved by gossip and praise
[757] The word not
to be moved because of gossip means that some people in this world
gossip, criticize, tend to hate monks. Some by birth, some by clan, some
by being the sons of the family. Some by being handsome, some by wealth,
some by generosity. some by job duties, some by some arts by academic
standing, some by education. some by some improvisation, some by some
other object. A bhikkhu, being criticized for being scolded, should not
be shaken, swayed, flinched, terrified, fearful of terror, that he
should not be cowardly. The panic flees in

Because the gossip is rather disrespectful. If one is blamed, one should
let go of fear. Cowardice does not exist, hence the name Vajra. Do not
panic in because of gossip.
[758] The saying that a monk should not be
raised after being praised by a monk means that some people in this
world praise, praise, praise You can describe a monk by some
nationality, etc., by some other object. being praised, commended,
honoured, described, should not be raised, should not be reinforced,
should not be conceited. should not be harsh, that is, should not be
arrogant He is the supreme one, the one who is supreme because of praise
because of admiration because of commendation. because of his
description, therefore. Therefore, a monk is praised and should not rise
up. Concerning five kinds of stinginess
[759] It is called greed, in
the word greed should be relieved along with stinginess. anger and
slander such as greed, greed, greed, Leadership The name stinginess is
the five kinds of stinginess, namely stinginess of the pastor, etc. This
jealousy is called stinginess. The name anger is malice, malice,
hostility, resentment, resentment, general indignation. Always
resentment, hatred, universal hatred, always hatred, vengeance of the
mind. malice of heart, anger, angry behavior, arrogance, hatred, hateful
behavior, hatred, vindictiveness, vindictive action. Vengeance, wrath,
wrath in response, fierceness, weeping anger. The unfavorableness of the
mind. the word sneaky that some people in this world are eloquent The
irony is to hear from here and tell over there. to destroy this group or
heard from over there and told me this to destroy those people Destroyer
Some people who are in unison Support different people I like people who
fight. I like people who fight. I like people who fight. It is he who
utters words that cause a fight, this is called slanderous speech. They
insulted him for two reasons: one with a common purpose; one with
different wishes; one person leading the word. spoiled with What is the
purpose of love? To be endearing, to be pleased, to be confidant, to be
inwardly, to be favored by this person. A person is a person who wants
them to be different, how do you bring sneaky words into it? A person
wants him to be different, in this way, that these people should be
different, to be divided, to fight, to be two. To be two factions, to be
two sides, these people should be divided, not harmonious. Live in
trouble and not well. with the following tactics: a person is a person
who wishes them to be different Take one of his slanderous words. the
word to alleviate greed along with stinginess, anger, and slanderous
speech, that a monk should relieve, renounce, eliminate, and put an end
to the absence of covetousness,

stingy, anger and slander, hence the name that one should alleviate the
greed with stinginess, anger and slander D. Therefore, the Blessed One
replied, A monk should not be moved by gossip. being praised by them,
should not be raised, should alleviate greed. Along with stinginess,
anger and slander.
[760] A monk should not settle in buying and
selling. Do not make defilements as a tool that is not involved anywhere
in the house. and should not talk side by side because of the desire to
gain wealth which the Blessed One has forbidden in the Discipline buying
and selling That was not intended for this purpose. How is the monk
located in buying and selling? monks deceive or desire for prosperity
Exchange, good alms, good robes, any other clergyman, with the five
classes of Sahādhammaks: monks are set up in buying and selling. How is
a monk not set up in trading? Monks do not deceive or do not desire
prosperity, exchange alms bowls, robes, and other services, with the
five classes of Sahādhammaks; monks are not set up in this way of buying
or selling. The word bhikkhus should not be established in buying and
selling means a monk should not be located. should not persist in buying
and selling; one should refrain, alleviate, cause an end to a
nonexistence; one should refrain, except, go out, shake off termination,
not relevant With buying and selling, one should be a person who has no
desires, hence the name. that it should not be located in buying and
selling. on defilements
[762] The word bhikkhus should not commit
defilements in any place means that defilements are a means of pleading.
Why? There are certain ascetics and brahmins, those who are mighty, have
divinity, know the minds of others, those recluse and brahmins. Can
people see from a distance? Somewhere near, did not appear. Knowing the
mind by the mind some. Mighty devas, have eyes, know the minds of
others, those devas can be seen from afar. Some are near, some do not
know the mind by the mind, some ascetics and brahmins and devas are
somewhat stubborn. Grasp some rough passions with moderate passions,
some with ignorant passions. Why is it rough passion? Corrupt body,
corrupt speech, corrupt mentality, these are called coarse defilements.
What is moderate defilement? These sensual and vengeful lusts are called
moderate defilements. Why are defilements? relative anxiety rural
anxiety Anxiety about Amornthep rebellious anxiety with affection for
others Anxiety that reconciles with wealth, worship and praise. Anxiety
that is relentlessly suppressed, these worries are called subtle
defilements. Brahmins and those deities should be bitten with coarse
passion, with passion

in the middle, some with defilements d. A monk should not make
defilements as a crooked tool, ie, should not commit defilements all of
them The humidifier is not very good. Those defilements should be born,
ready to arise, to arise, to be born only, to be abandoned, to be
alleviated, to be put to an end, to be of nothingness. which all desires
being a stinger Except for going out to shake off. It is related to the
passion that is a raging machine. One who has a mind free from the realm
of defilements, that is, in any place, anywhere, anywhere, internally or
externally, internally or externally. Therefore, the name is spoken. A
monk should not commit defilements in any place. What is involved in the
house as follows: How is the monk involved in the house? monks in this
discipline is involved in rejoicing, sharing sorrow with the
householders, when the householders are happy, they are happy. all I
also suffer when there is a business that needs to be done. arises, it
comes to the help of the monks involved in the house even this way.
peace of mind Carrying bowls and robes, going into houses or settlements
for alms, not treating the body, not keeping the speech, not keeping the
mind, not focusing on the organic matter. relevant there. accepted in
that place would be stuck in that place. To the woe in this place, the
monks were involved in Even this kind of house. How are they involved in
the household? A monk in this Dharma and Discipline is not involved,
does not participate, does not participate. sad with the laymen in the
house When the lay people are happy, they are not happy too. There is
also suffering. When there is business to be done, there is no help.
Left by oneself, a monk does not want to be involved. In the house even
like this. In other words, in the morning the monks meditate and hold
alms bowls and robes. Going into houses or settlements for alms, healing
your body, healing your speech, keeping your mind, setting your mind and
composure, organics are simply not involved in this place. other would
not be trapped in this place, not reach the woe there, the monk had
nothing to do with it. in the house even like this. The word irrelevant
in the house means that a bhikkhu is not involved, does not accept, does
not get attached, does not get involved in the house, should not be the
leader. Nanyani Good, passionate, enamored with the house should be a
lost person free of desire give up and etc. should be one who lives like
a brahma, therefore it is called unrelated in the house. 764] Be aware
of the judgment of the word not to talk along the lines of Because of
the desire to gain wealth, as follows, what is it like to talk side by
side? slander side-speaking, side-speaking, praising bragging
Well-pretentious talk, affectionate speech, dignity, the speaker aims to
make him love himself. Such a liar Kaeng bean, the flattering of the
hakka (like Other people\'s backbones) sufficiency, gentleness,
eloquence. a friendly speaker Being a person who does not speak rudely
to other peoples of monks who wish for good fortune Worship and Praise
lustful

the desire to dominate is devoted to Amis heavy in the world This action
is called side-speaking. Bhikkhus lay side by side for two reasons:
setting oneself low, raising others high, talking side by side, 1
raising oneself high, setting others low. Talking side by side 1. How
does a bhikkhu set himself up low, raise others high, speak alongside
people? The bhikkhu set himself low, raised others high, and said to the
people like this: all of you have Much patronage to me, I got Senasana
alms robes and a clip because Relying on you, though others, is
important to give or to do for you. Those who depend on you, for your
sake, therefore do to me, even though the old names belong to mothers
and fathers. Even my name has disappeared, and I will appear because of
you as a gulpu. the shift of the worshiper It is a group of upasikas. A
bhikkhu sets himself up low, raises others up high and speaks like this.
Bhikkhus elevate themselves and set others low. How do you talk
side-by-side? Bhikkhus elevate themselves and set others low. say side
by side even like this, I am very supportive of you guys. You rely on me
to go to the Buddha as a refuge, to the Dharma as a refuge. to the monks
as a refuge except from the Pananipat Except from Adinnathan, except
from Gamemu. Abstain from lies, except for reasons that It is a place of
negligence because of drunkenness, that is, liquor and intoxicants. I
could tell Phra Pali, I would tell the explanation, Phra Pali would tell
the ordination hall to be the director of the temple. created for you,
but All of you, you have lost yourselves and respected and worshiped the
other monks. The monks raised themselves high and lowered the others,
speaking side-by-side like this. The word should not be spoken side by
side with people because of the desire to gain wealth, meaning a monk
when giving wealth Don\'t talk about it successfully. The reason is to
let go of alleviation and bring an end to the pointlessness. Talking
side by side, he is the one who avoids only shake off, is not involved
in talking, because of good fortune. because of the fortune Because of
the emergence of wealth, one should live with a mind free from the realm
of defilements. Therefore, it is said that one should not talk alongside
the people because of the desire to gain wealth. Therefore, the Blessed
One replied, A monk should not be located in buying and selling. to make
defilements quite a skewer in any place that is not relevant in the
house One should not speak side-by-side with people because of the
desire to gain wealth.
[765] A monk should not boast. should not be
said to be purposeful; should not study arrogance; and should not be
reprimanded. on bragging
[766] It should be explained in the word A
bhikkhu should not be bragging as follows: Some monks in this Dharma and
Discipline are bragging. arrogant, claiming that we are fully arrived,
with some precepts, with some observances. arrived with precepts and
observances to be ready with some nations to be ready

with some clan, even with some being a son in the family to be ready
Some are beautiful, some are ready with some wealth. with some
invitation With some work, some with some arts even with some academic
standing even with some education Arrived with some improvisation. Even
with some other objects, we were ordained from a noble family. Ordained
from a family with some wealth ordained from a family with great wealth
He is the one who memorizes some sutras. He is a person who remembers
some disciplines. Some of them are the Dhammakatuek who live in the
forest as themselves. Some people, etc., are the ones who have made the
promises, the contracts, the contracts. Some monks do not boast like
this, that is, they should abandon, alleviate, cause them to end. None
which bragging should be the one who refrains only from throwing away,
not related to bragging, one should be free from the realm of
defilement, therefore it is called that a bhikkhu should not speak or
boast. word It should not be said that the words aimed at the following
Why is the word aimed? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline would
say that his speech was aimed at obtaining a robe saying that he said he
had received alms; said that he had said that he was said that he was
aiming for the medicinal factor These words are called words that can be
purposeful. On the other hand, some monks speak the truth, some tell
lies, and some slander. Some slurred, some rude, some rude. to talk
raving, not raving some speak with wisdom, some because of the robe,
because of the alms because of the cause of Senasana because of the
cause of the medicinal factor Even this word can be called word aiming.
A monk has a mind of devotion. preaching the Dharma to other peoples,
thinking, \'Oh, people, listen to My Dharma, and listen to the Dharma,
and when you are convincing, you should act upon the Dharma. This
utterance to me can be called the word foolish. The word should not be
said to be aimed, meaning that a monk should not say no. To speak, not
to show, not to be able to proclaim. as well as utterances of the
Dharma, the most important is to refrain, alleviate, bring to an end, so
that there is nothing that the word aims for, should be the one who
refrains only from eliminating who lacks anything related to speech,
should aim to be a person who has a mind free from the realm of
defilements, therefore it is not said that the word aims . about 3 kinds
of anger namely, bodily rage, verbal rage, mental rage 1. What is bodily
rage? Some monks in this Dharma-discipline are in the Sangha, or are in
the group. It\'s in the factory, it\'s in the firebox, it\'s in the
waterfront, it\'s on the way to the neighborhood, well into the
neighborhood, well Show physical aggression. How does a monk in the
Sangha show physical aggression? Some bhikkhus in this Dhamma and
Discipline are in the Sangha, without fear. standing next to some elder
monks sit and squeeze some elder monks stand in front sit in front Sit
on a high asana Sit with your head covered, stand firm (stand without
bending over)

Speak, shake your arms, speak A bhikkhu in the Sangha shows such bodily
fervor. How do monks in the faculty show their physical fervor? Some
bhikkhus in this Dharma and Discipline are in the community, do not
fear. When the Thera monks were walking without shoes put on his shoes
and walked When the Thera monks walk in the low walk in the high court
When the Thera monks Walking on the ground, walking in the ground,
standing, huddled, sat huddled. stand in front sit in front Sit on a
high asana Sit with your head covered. stand firm and speak waving his
arms to speak monks in the faculty Show physical rage like this. How do
monks in the school show physical rage? Some bhikkhus in this Dharma and
Discipline are in the temple, without fear. sit and intervene among the
monks who are elders sitting in front of the asana Some navaka monks,
some standing, some sitting, some pushing. stand in front sit in front
Some sit on a high asana, some sit and cover their heads. stand firm and
speak waving his arms to speak The monks in the school Physical fiery
like this. How does a monk in a firehouse show his bodily fervor? Some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline in the firehouse do not fear
standing next to some elder monks Sit and squeeze some elder monks, some
stand in front of them. sit in front Sit on a high asana He didn\'t
tell, then put some firewood, didn\'t tell, then closed the door. A
bhikkhu in a firehouse shows his bodily fervor. How does a monk at the
waterfront show his bodily fervor? Some bhikkhus in this Dharma and
Discipline are at the watershed, not showing any fear. to push down some
elder monks Go down in front, take a shower, squeeze in a shower, shower
in front of you. Bathe above some water. get up up ahead up above the
water A monk is at the waterfront showing his bodily fervor. The monk is
entering the neighborhood. How do you show physical aggression? Some
monks, in this Dharma and Discipline He was entering the neighborhood,
refusing to fear, stomping on the monks. Some elders walk forward walk
up in front of some elder monks A bhikkhu is entering the neighborhood,
showing such fervor. The bhikkhu has entered the neighborhood. How do
you show physical aggression? Some monks, in this Dharma and Discipline
has entered the neighborhood when he did not say Go in, Lord, go in.
When he does not say Stand, Lord, stand, when he does not say Sit, my
lord, sit. He goes to an undesirable opportunity. Standing in the place
where the opportunity shouldn\'t be. sitting in the Some opportunities
should not be taken. plunged into the secret secret room of the genus.
which is seated Females of the family, daughters of the family,
daughter-in-law of the family, kumaris of the Bang family. Hold the
child\'s head The monks went into the neighborhood and showed Physical
fiery like this. This is called physical rage. What is verbal arrogance?
Some monks in this Dharma-discipline are in the Sangha, or are in the
community, or have entered the neighborhood. It shows verbal fervor.

How does a monk in the Sangha express verbal fervor? Some monks in this
Dharma and Discipline in the monkhood or the elder monks Uninvited, he
preached the Dhamma to all the monks in the monastery to solve the
problem. Find it yourself, chant the Patimokkha by yourself. stand firm
and speak waving his arms to speak Bhikkhus in the Sangha show such
arrogance in speech. How does a monk in the faculty show verbal fervor?
Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline are in the congregation without
showing fear. did not tell the monks who were elders before Or, which
the elder monks did not invite, he preached the Dharma to the monks in
the monastery, solved the problem by himself, stood firm, spoke, waved
his arms, spoke some, and preached the Dharma. The nuns in the monastery
preaching the Dharma to all the devotees in the monastery Teach the
dharma to all the upasikas in the monastery, solve the problem by
themselves, stand up and say something. waving his arms to speak The
monks were in this verbal arrogance. The monks had entered the
neighborhood. How do you show verbal anger? Some of the bhikkhus in this
Dharma and Discipline have gone to the neighborhood. talk to a lady
Kumari snorted and said, Look at the women with such a name, such a
clan. Is there something, is there a yakumi, is there food, is there
something that should be chewed, or what are we going to drink? Or what
will you give us monks? Goes to the neighborhood and expresses this
verbal fervor. This is another name. That verbal agitation. What is the
arrogance of the mind? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline not a
monk from The noble family had the same attitude as a monk who was
ordained from the royal family. not being a monk from a large family He
was not a monk who was ordained from a very wealthy family, but had a
mind like a monk who was ordained from a very wealthy family not a monk
from The family has great wealth and has a mind like a monk who has been
ordained from the family. have great wealth Not a monk who remembers the
sutras, has the same mind as a monk who memorizes the sutras. not a
discipline \... not a monk \... not a person who lives in the forest The
holder of the alms round is The watchtower...is not the holder of the
requiem robes as the watchtower...it is not the or he made the three
robes as a observance...not a The holder of the alms round goes in the
order of the alleys on a regular basis...not a non-conformist. The next
time is a routine... is not a holder of a NESSA member \... not a holder
of a seat How are legs arranged? Wat...not a first meditation
person...not a second meditation person...not a master. Tijan...No. He
is a fourth person \... not a person who has achieved self-sufficiency
\... not a person who has a self-righteousness Samut ... not a criminal.
Janyatana Samat Samadhi has a mind like a bhikkhu who gains
enlightenment. This yana samatha is called mental agitation. The word
not to study anger is a monk. A person should not study, should not
behave in a hospitable manner. should not behave in a hospitable manner
do not behave which the rage is to let go, alleviate, and put an end to
nothing. which the rage should be the one who abstains, only waives,
shakes off, is liberated, is not related to being arrogant should be one
whose mind is free from the realm of defilements.

Therefore, it is said that one should not study arrogance.
[769]
Please note the explanation in the word Do not say the following words
of striving, why is striving? Some bhikkhus in this Dharma-discipline
are the savior of this remark that you do not know this
Dharma-discipline, etc., or correct it if you It can be realistic as the
Blessed One said that, when Moggallana, when he spoke, was arguing with
each other. You have to talk a lot, when you talk a lot, there must be
distraction, when you are distracted by unsoundness, there must be. When
you are not concentrated, your mind is Far from samadhi as follows. The
word not to be said is not to be said. Desperate, abandon, alleviate,
put an end to nothing. which the word offensive, should be the one who
abstains, excludes, shakes off, is absent, is not related to the word
offensive d One should be a genius without the realm of defilements,
therefore it is called not to be rude. Therefore, the Blessed One
replied, A monk should not be a talker. He should not say that he was
aiming, did not study the arrogance, and did not speak harshly.
[770]
A monk should abstain from lying when others Do not feel arrogant. A
monk should not disrespect others. with living, with wisdom, with
precepts and observances. Concerning lies, there are three things

[771] words. that one should abstain from lying and lies than telling
lies. some people in this world It\'s good to be in the council. Being
in a public meeting, etc., is a person who tells lies even though he is
conscious. Because of Amisle\'s sake, this is called a lie. On the other
hand, the wise man has three symptoms, namely, That person has the
knowledge that We will tell lies. 1 While speaking, we will know We are
telling lies 1 When I have spoken, I know that I have spoken a lie. 1
Lies are good. Take advantage of these three symptoms. On the other
hand, musavada has 4 symptoms, 5 symptoms, 6 symptoms, 7 symptoms, 8
symptoms, that is, in the beginning, the person had knowledge. Ja I will
speak lies, I know that I am telling lies when I speak; I know that when
I speak I have lied, 1 concealed views, 1 concealed decency, 1 concealed
pleasure, 1 concealed promises, 1 concealed the truth. Take these 8
symptoms. The word to refrain From lying, that a monk should abstain
from lying, to refrain, to alleviate, to put an end to it. Abandoned
without dealing with lies, one should be one whose mind is free from the
realm of defilements; therefore, it is called refraining from lying.

[772] Words that when I feel One should not boast. What is it like to
be boastful? Some people in this world one who boasts; one who boasts;
one who boasts; one who boasts boastful demeanor, exaggeration The
extravagant behavior that encompasses the arrogant behavior in that
person. This is called boasting. Do not feel like boasting that

When one is self-conscious, one should not act as a boaster, nor should
one be bragged. not ready not to happen not to arise only, to give up,
to alleviate, to put an end to the absence of boasting, to abstain. only
shake off Concerned with being boastful, one should be one whose mind is
free from the realm of defilements. Not to be arrogant.
[773] In the
expression \"Att\", a monk should not despise another for his
well-being. knowledge by virtues and observances, as follows, as a
constituent, etc., this adjective is in the order of the chapters. Some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline are non-existent. So sad,
humiliating, insulting other homeless monks. elaborately Why is this
monk able to live in a lavish way? All plants are plants but the roots
but the stem, the fruit but the top, the top and the top 5, this monk
cannot cross (suffer) any more. because of his perseverance with
lightning and paneni Iron. A monk insults other monks who are lavish,
dignified, and dignified. Some monks are living in this Dhamma and
Discipline. Do not be humble, look down upon the other monks who live so
sadly, why does this monk have little merit and little dignity? Jchiworn
Binthabat Senasana and Kilan Factor Pharmacy. Such a monk is insulting
another monk who lives. sorrowful with elaborate living. Some of the
monks in this Dharma and Discipline are ready with wisdom Whoever asks a
problem can solve it. She has this mindset that I am the one who is
ready with wisdom, as a monk. Others are not complete with wisdom. She
insulted other monks. with readiness with that wisdom. Some monks in
this Dharma and Discipline are those who arrive with precepts. have been
summed up with the composure in the Patimokkha Even with the skill and
the orbit, there is usually a danger in all the punishments. less
fortunate to study in all the precepts. in this way that we are the one
who is accompanied by the virtues of these other monks. He is immoral
and has sins. insulting other bhikkhus with virtue and precepts, some of
the monks in this Dharma and Discipline are the ones who have the rules,
that is, the bearers. Japa Peng Wat, holding alms round, holding a
requiem robe is the holder of the three robes be the holder of the alms
round The order of the alley is a routine. Being a person who does not
serve food after the observance He is the one who holds the nasaj as a
religious observance, or is the holder of the seat that he has
established. How do you do it? We are the Along with these other monks
are not monks. Along with the rules, she also insulted other monks.
Reaching with that observance. Again, one should not despise others with
their well-being, wisdom, and morals and observances, meaning that one
should not look down on others. with sorrow, with dignity, with dignity,
with wisdom, with arrive with precepts or with the readiness of the
observances, that is, not to allow prestige to arise from such beings
Don\'t be a stubborn person. stubborn and stubborn, hence the name that,
by the way, should not disrespect others with a well-being to practice
with precepts and observances. Therefore, the Blessed One replied,

A monk should abstain from seeing False when one feels one should not
boast. A bhikkhu should not despise another by living in wisdom, with
precepts and practices.
[774] A monk is abused. heard many words of
the monks, or of the people who had many words. Do not respond to such
people with harsh words, for a monk who is calm does not. Make others
your enemies.
[775] the word being abused in the word bhikkhus being
abused having heard many remarks of the clergy, or those of the
well-spoken, that other people insulted, insulted, humiliated,
criticized Chor. The word of the clergy is any of those people who
Access to ordination, surrender yourself to ordination outside, but this
religion. The word of the people who have the least knowledge is kings,
brahmins, pai suts. Layers, monks, devas, human beings. Those people
should curse, curse, persecute and kill. go in and kill yourself Verbal
killing is much that is not desirable to love, to please anyone. into
which His Highness predetermined the many words of those people. which
is not desirable to love, to please, therefore it is called a bhikkhu
being abused. heard the words of the monks or those of the very few.

[776] The word with rudeness in the word should not interact with
those people with rudeness means with rudeness. The word \"do not
respond\" means \"do not respond\". Do not rebuke the person who
insults, and do not curse on the person who curses. Do not be offended
by those who are offended. not to quarrel, not to cause conflict should
not be offensive to cause quarrels, not to quarrel, to renounce, to
alleviate, to put an end to nothing; Which quarrels, indignations,
quarrels, quarrels, quarrels, should be refrained, excepted, excluded,
shaken off, freed, unrelated. with quarrels in quarreling, quarreling,
and arguing should be a person with a mind Without a realm of
defilements, therefore, it is called that one should not interact with
them with harsh words. A bhikkhu is said to be at peace, calm, quenched,
suppressed by lust, hatred, delusion, anger, anger, etc. All
auspiciousness is the serenity of the sinful nature, to the peace, the
silence, the burning, the disappearing, the cessation, therefore it is
called a peaceful monk. does not cause Others are enemies, meaning that
a peaceful monk does not make others an enemy. to be an enemy make a
splinter thorns to antagonize, that is, to prevent them from forming.
ready not to occur, not to occur only Therefore it is said that a
peaceful monk does not make a person an enemy. The district therefore
replied that A monk is attacked heard many words of the monks, or of the
people who had many words. Do not respond to such people with harsh
words, because monks

Peaceful people don\'t Make others your enemies.
[778] Well, the
bhikkhu knows that Dharma and is researching it. be conscious Study in
all times The bhikkhu already knows that cessation is peace. Do not be
negligent in the religion of Gotama.
[779] That word in the word that
a monk has already realized that Dharma is the Dharma spoken by the
Blessed One, preaching, ordaining. revealed, classified, made shallow,
declared. made it clear, even for this reason as follows: Therefore, it
is known that the Dharma has already been learned. On the other hand,
knowing, knowing, considering, comparing, making it clear that the
Dharma is equal. Unjust is the way of justice, not the way of justice.
There is a punishment, the Dharma is blameless, the Dharma is bad, the
Dharma is noble, the Dharma is black, the Dharma is white, the Dharma
that the wise people despise. Dharma that the wise people praise even
for such a reason. Therefore, it is called knowing that Dharma. know,
know, consider, compare to make it known that the practice is right, the
practice is right, the practice is not an enemy The practice is based on
benefits. Dharma practice, worthy of dharma, being a doer perfection in
all precepts Protection of the anus in all organic matter, moderation in
nutrition. Perseverance is the awakening of mindfulness, the 4
foundations of mindfulness, the 4 right knowledge, the 4 powers, the 5
powers, the 5 Bojjaga, the 7 Noble Path, the 8 Nirvana Dhamma. It is a
practice that leads to nirvana even for this reason. Therefore, it is
known that the Dharma has already been learned.
[780] The word to
search is in the word that a monk should be able to find it. conscious
study in tenses every time verb Search is to search, consider, compare,
make it, make it Declare that all body poses are not equal. d, etc., any
thing is born become commonplace, all things There is a natural
extinction, hence the name. that they are researching. The word at all
times is at all times, in all times, in all eternities, etc., in the
latter years. The word mindfulness is mindfulness. for four reasons:
when progressing Mindfulness contemplating the body in the body is
mindful, etc. That monk is called Be a conscious person. The word that
one should study the three sikkhās, namely, recitation of the sikkhā,
sikkha sikkha, sikkha sikkhā, etc., this is called adhipanya sikkha. A
bhikkhu, having thought of these three rules, should study, etc., should
study, that is, behave graciously, behave graciously, behave, therefore
he is called a bhikkhu. wow be conscious Study at all times.
[781]
\"Knowing the cessation is peace\" means knowing, knowing, considering,
comparing, making it clear. made it to be notified which extinguishes
lust, hatred, delusion, etc. All that it is peace. Therefore it is known
that cessation is peace.
[782] The word reckless in Gotama\'s religion
means that Gotama\'s religion is in Buddhism, in the religion of Phra
Chinchao. in the religion of the Tathagata, in religion

of the Lord in the religion of the Arahant. The word not to be negligent
means that one should be a person who does the work without necessity.
Sign up for a proxy without taking care of business. Heedlessness in
dharmas, charity, contentment, effort, perseverance, diligence,
strength, relentlessness, remembrance, stamina. Perseverance is the
engine of passion all around. steadfast perseverance, determination,
perseverance in That wholesome dharma, when we should be virtuous not
perfect, etc., when we should still meditate When we should know the
unsettled suffering, let go of all the defilements that have not yet
been renounced. One should develop the path that has not yet developed.
which should be made to inform the nirodha that has not yet been made
known is called negligence in the Dharma Therefore, the disciples should
not be reckless in the religion of Gotama. Therefore, the Blessed One
replied, A bhikkhu knows that dharma and is researching it. be conscious
Studying at all times, a bhikkhu knows that cessation is peace. Do not
be negligent in the religion of Phra Gotama.
[783] The monk is the
ruler. not possessed has already seen which is worshiped by don\'t have
to connect with others and a monk should be heedless in the religion of
the Blessed One Worshiping and studying at all times, the Blessed One
said:
[784] A monk is a ruler. not being dominated, meaning that a
bhikkhu is said to be possessive because he possesses form, sound,
smell, taste, touch, and dharma; he is not possessed by any defilements.
the person who possesses these obscene virtuous dharmas which makes the
sorrows that arise in the new world to be anxious suffering which is the
national location old and dead Therefore, it is said that a monk is the
one who rules and is not dominated.
[785] The word enlightened, in the
word seen, enshrined without believing in others, means seeing, seeing,
seeing, stabbing. All along, the Dharma that has been manifested to
oneself, which one himself knows the most, is not One must believe in
others that this Dharma is as follows. This dharma is as follows. not by
continuing to listen, not by chronologically, not by citing textbooks.
not by speculation, not by speculation, not by contemplating, not by
contemplating one\'s own doctrine, hence the name. I have seen the
Dharma without believing in others.
[786] The word therefore, in the
word therefore \... in the religion of the Lord That Blessed One,
therefore, because of that because of that because of that factor,
because of that tale. The word in the Blessed One\'s religion means that
the Blessed One\'s religion is, in the Gotama religion, in Buddhism, in
Religion of Phra Chinchao in the religion of monks Tathagata in your
religion The deity in the religion of the Arahant is therefore called
because

Therefore \... in the religion of the Blessed One.
[787] The word
should be a person who is not In the word bhikkhus should be heedless to
worship. study at all times This is what the Blessed One said: A monk
should act with respect, etc., without heedlessness in all the virtues.
The word in all times is in all times, in all times, etc., in the latter
age. The word worship means to worship, pay homage, respect, venerate,
venerate, and revere by body, speech, mind, and practice. or with Dharma
practice is appropriate for dharma. The word to study diligently means
that the three sikkhas, namely, recitation of the sikkha, the sikkha
sikkha, the sikkha sikkha, etc., this is called adhapiyā sikkhā. If a
bhikkhu is thinking of these three sikkhās, one should study. Etc. to
reveal the Dharma that should be made known. One should study, behave
graciously, behave hospitably. Reconciliation behavior. The word Bhagava
is a word of respect, etc. It is a commandment of truth, therefore it is
said that a monk should be heedless, should worship. Study hard every
time, the Blessed One said this. Therefore, the Blessed One said: Well,
that monk is the ruler. not possessed have seen the sacrificial dharma
without must believe in others, therefore One should be a carefree
person in the religion of that Blessed One. Worship and study at all
times. The Blessed One said as follows: End Tuvatakasuttaniddes the 14th
their crimes All of you, take a look. People arguing with each other, we
show our sorrow as we have miscarried. Concerning 2 perils arising from
three kinds of crimes
[789] The name \"criminals\" in the word
\"dangers\" are caused by one\'s own crimes, which are three types of
crimes: Body 1 Verbal crime 1 Mental crime 1. Body corruption 3 Body
crime, verbal crime 4 Verbal crime, mental corruption 3 Mental crime.
The name \"danger\" means that there are two kinds of dangers: one in
this lifetime, one in the next life, and one in this lifetime. Why? Some
people in this world behave corruptly by body. verbal corrupt behavior
Behaving dishonestly, killing some animals, stealing some things,
robbing every roof and robbing only the house. Only one back trap Yang
Zongqing Somewhere in a lonely road Some adultered another man\'s wife,
some lied. The royal men had caught him. said to the king, \"Good luck,
this man is a thief, has done evil, punish him please this man. The King
reprimanded that steppe. That person must suffer, even because of the
steppe. Sadness is the danger of What is the cause of that person? That
calamity arises, arises, arises, arises only, manifests only his own
wrath. The King was not pleased. even with the steppe

Now the commander orders that person to be imprisoned, that is, the
rafter; Some with a prison is rattan, some with a cage is a vine, some
with a prison is control. with a prison machine is a siege machine with
the emperor is Ban Bang with some ramshackle glasses with a prison
machine Some chapters ultimately compels that it cannot escape from this
necessity. One must suffer and sorrow even because of the imprisonment.
that sadness of that person But what? That danger arises, arises,
arises, arises only, manifests only one\'s own crimes. The King was not
pleased. even with that reservation would order that that person\'s
property be confiscated by one hundred and one thousand or one hundred
and one hundred and some, that person must eat and sorrow even because
of the deterioration. What is the danger of that person? with birth only
appearing but his own crimes. The king was not pleased even by
confiscation only would give orders to do various deeds for that person,
namely, whipping with some whip, or whipping with some rattan. hit it
with some staves. Have your hands cut off. cut the tape both hands and
feet shall be cut. cut the auricle Cut off the nose, cut off both the
ears and the nose. Put some red iron blocks on your head. Peel off the
scalp and polish it to make it white like a conch. Put a fire into your
mouth until the blood flows out of your mouth like a manta. Wrap
yourself in a damp cloth. oil and then burned whole Wrap your hands with
an oiled cloth and set it on fire like a lantern, flay your skin from
the neck down to your ankles, walk on the skin until it\'s gone. Shark
Skinning from the neck down to the waist Make it like wearing a filter
cloth Steel sleeves on all elbows and knees have been put on. The
four-way iron plugs are set up and set aside to burn some fire. Some
tendon skin came out, took it well, slicing the flesh out loudly. some
coins She cut off the skin and the tendons, leaving only some bones.
Pierced the steel blade into the ear canal. Even if they are plugged
into the ground and rotated around a bit The bones were crushed finely,
and the skin was removed. Heaps of meat like a leaf, some of them put
some of the boiling oil on their bodies and let the dogs bite and eat
them whole. until only the bones remain Some thrust up and lie on his
back alive, some cut off his head with a sword. That person must be
saddened even because of a worker\'s misfortune. I\'m sorry What is the
danger of that person? That danger arises, arises, arises, arises,
arises only, manifests only one\'s own crimes. The King is supreme in
these four crimes. that person when he died He attains evil, dukti,
vinibata, and hell because of his deeds. The lords are allowed to do the
deeds of the five animals, namely (let them lie on their backs). He
fixed the red iron blade to his right hand, one to his left, one to his
right foot, one to his left foot, and one to the middle of his chest.
sorrowful in hell, but not yet dead, all the time that the sin has not
ended. What is the danger of beings? That danger arises, arises, arises,
arises, only arises, only manifests itself. The lords let the beast lie
down. then take the bee The beings had suffered intense suffering in
that hell, but had not died all the time that their sins had not ended.
The officers held the beast with their feet pointed upwards, their heads
down.

down and take it prickly animal already entered the car Let\'s run
ahead. Let\'s run back behind me. On a blazing land, blazing fires,
etc., Niyabarn led the beast up the mountain, igniting huge coals. There
was a blaze of fire. drive them down from that mountain, etc.
Niraya-\*bal caught the beast, pointed it upwards, and hung its head
downwards. The beast simmered in the cauldron like a boiling sponge,
when it boiled. The people were in the iron cauldron like a boiling
sponge. Sometimes it boils to the top. sometimes it boils go down
Sometimes it boils down to the side. The beast suffered a burning and
burning pain. in the iron pot But he hasn\'t died all the time. The
tragedy is not yet over. What is the cause of suffering and sorrow for
the beast? That danger is born, born, born, only arises, only manifests
itself. The lords threw that beast into the Great Hell. on the Great
Hell That\'s hell It had four corners, four doors, numbered by sections,
surrounded by iron walls. There is a sheet of iron covered. The Great
Hell has a surface finished with iron. with a glorious flame Contains
hot lights spreading to hundreds and thousands of people around them,
standing forever. the mighty hell horror There is a fire that is
difficult to approach, creepy, frightening, causing disaster, causing
misery. A heap of flames rose from the eastern flank and scorched the
beasts that had been killed, hitting the western flank. The bonfire had
risen from the western flank. scorch the sinful beasts Passed through to
hit the eastern cover. The pile of flames had already risen from the
northern cover. scorch the sinful beasts, passing through and hitting
the southern lid. A heap of flames had risen from the southern lid and
scorched the sinful beasts and hit the north wall. since the ground
below Scorching the sinful beasts passed, hitting the top cover. the
flame battalion from fear since the top cover already scorch the sinful
beasts passed to affect the ground below. Just as the plates of iron
that are always on fire are always hot and glorious. Hell is a very
harsh karma, a very serious karma. There is only one part of the karma,
it burns, but does not die. The wrath in Hell is like a burning fire.
Behold the stability of karma. There was no ash and soot. The beasts had
run east. then ran back to the west run north and then ran back to the
south. Running in any direction, the door in that direction closed by
itself.

Those beasts have the hope of coming out as seekers of the door to come
out. Such animals are not only to get out of that hell because sin is a
factor because of the many sins they have committed. has not yet yielded
its full results as follows. What are the dangers of the beasts? Danger
arises, arises, arises, arises only, manifests only one\'s own crimes.
suffering in hell In the Preta vision, all sufferings in humans are
good. born with birth Only appearing, but all those sufferings arise.
with birth Born only to appear one\'s own wrath, so it\'s called one\'s
own calamity. namely, kings, brahmins, laymen, laymen, monks, devas,
human beings. Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look,
look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look. people
who hurt each other The offender responded. offended people angry people
reply He who antagonizes each other, and he who defies each other,
therefore is called \"Look at the arguing\".
[791] The word I will
show compassion, that I will show, clarify, declare, appoint, appoint,
reveal, classify, shallow. Anxiety, fear, oppression, impact,
persecution, frustration, therefore we shall show pity.
[792] The
word, as we have known, means, as we have known, that we have already
trembled with terror. That\'s why it\'s called as we have already
miscarried. The Blessed One said, Disasters are only their own wrath.
Look at those who are stubborn. Arguing, we will show our pity as we
have already grieved.
[793] Danger has come upon us. because he saw
the animals struggling. like all fish struggling in a place where there
is little water and because they saw animals hurting each other. on
various sufferings
[794] Pacha in the word because I saw a group of
animals struggling. It is the name of an animal whose group struggles,
struggles, wobbles, shakes, sways, squirms, squirms, squirms, squirms.
Struggling because of desires, with strife, because of corruption, with
striving because of sentences. with striving because of karma with the
sensuality of the It is determined by the wrath of the offended, by the
delusion of the one who is deceived by mana; it is bound by dhi, it is a
holding. With a distraction already overflowing, with an uncertain
suspicion, with a sense that

Strength, by wealth, deterioration, rank, disgrace, praise, gossip,
happiness, suffering, birth, old age, pathology, death, sorrow, sorrow.
and the suffering that exists in hell There is in the birth of every
beast. There is in the vision of suffering that exists in human
suffering. pregnancy as a calamity Pregnancy is the root of all
suffering. having childbirth as a cause for follow-up Other born animals
suffer but every other animal of the born animal but the zeal of one\'s
own sorrows, but the Suffering because of all suffering, suffering from
birth, suffering from birth, but variability because of eye disease, ear
disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, ear
disease, disease Mouth, tooth disease, cough, asthma, the common cold,
phlebitis, epilepsy, stomach disease, epilepsy, dysentery, colic, root
disease, leprosy, pox, eczema, meningococcal disease Epilepsy, scabies,
scabies, warts, eczema, leprosy, leprosy, hemorrhagic disease, jaundice,
diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, jaundice. Place of origin A
pathology with sputum Path with wind as a premise Disgraceful League
Disaster caused due to the inclement season Disgraceful due to
inconsistent management Because of perseverance, beyond strength, sorrow
arises because of karma, by cold, heat, hunger, thirst, pain in the
stool, pain in urination, suffering. to the touch of flies, sunstroke
and crawling tigers Suffering from the death of the mother Suffering
from the death of his father Suffering because of the death of a brother
and sister Suffering for the death of a sister and sister, suffering for
the death of a child. Suffering because of the death of the daughter
Suffering because of the death of a relative Suffering for the calamity
of wealth Suffering for the calamity lost due to disease Suffering for
the calamity of morality, suffering for the calamity of view. The word
because seeing is because of experiencing, considering, comparing,
clarifying, making clear, therefore it is called because of seeing a
group of beasts struggling.
[795] The word is like a fish. Many
struggle in the scarce water, saying that all the fishes Egret egret
pecking up and eating. Struggling, trembling, trembling, swaying,
scattered in another little water. As there is little water, as there is
water it dries up. A group of beasts struggles, struggles, trembles,
shakes, sway spreading back and forth Struggling because of lust, etc.,
with suffering because of the calamity of view So am I, therefore, my
name is Vaj, like a fish. Many are struggling in places where there is
little water.
[796] The word animals hurt each other. that all beings
hurt each other They hurt each other, they hurt each other, they fight
each other, they fight each other, even the kings fight. with the kings
Even the kings quarreled with the kings Even the Brahmins quarreled with
the Brahmins. Even the householders quarreled with the householders.
Even mothers quarrel with their children. Even a son quarrels with his
mother, even a father quarrels with a son, even a son quarrels with his
father, even a brother quarrels with him. Brothers and sisters even
quarrel. with sisters and sisters, even brothers and sisters quarrel
quarrel with comrades. and quarrels in

hurt each other would injure each other with some hands with some clay
With some wooden logs, with some degrees. Some of those beasts are
fatal. Somewhat suffering death in because of the mayhem so bad, hence
the name that animals hurt each other.
[797] The word because see in
the word danger has come upon us. because he saw that danger was
persecution Impacts, temperaments, obstacles come to us because we see,
experience, consider, compare, make clear, make manifest, hence the
name. Disaster has come to us because we see. because of that The
Blessed One said, Disaster has come upon us because we see the animals
struggling as the fish struggle in the little water. and because they
saw animals hurting each other.
[798] The whole world is immaterial.
All sankharas trembled in all directions when we wished prosperity for
ourselves. did not see any position which is not possessed. Concerning
the world
[799] The whole world is non-substantial, meaning the world
of hell, the world of the inherent world, the world of impermanence, the
world of humans, the world of angels, the world of aggregates, the world
of elements, the world. Ayatana, this world, the other world, the whole
world of Brahma, the whole world of devas, this is called the world.
Hell\'s world, no matter, no matter, no matter by Teyi\'s essence by the
essence of happiness by the core Substances that are inherent by being,
being permanent, by being sustainable. by being a stable condition Or by
fairness there is no variance. This world is the mortal world, the
imaginary world, the human world, the world of gods, the world of
aggregates, the elemental world, the senseless world, this world, the
other world, the Brahma world, the whole world of gods and gods.
Substance, no essence, free of essence, essence that is meridian by core
A substance that is happy by the essence of the self. By being noon by
being sustainable either by being a stable condition or by being fair
without variation. which Unsaturated Castor No essence, no essence, just
as the Thong Lang tree is not essence, no substance, no essence, just as
the sponge gland is not. Substances, no essences, without essences,
sun-kissed, no essences, no essences, unsaturated bananas pong gang
Substances are not essential. Just as without essences as without
essences as without essences as without matter, the world of hell,
without essences, without essences, without essences. Substances, etc.,
both the Brahma worlds, and the gods, without essence, without essence,
without essence, by the essence of Deyi. D...or by being Likewise,
Dharma has no variance. Therefore, it is called that the whole world is
immaterial. on impermanence of sankharas

In the east, even those sankharas trembled and trembled. because it is a
condition It is impermanent, it is a state of existence, aged surrounded
by parasites, being eradicated by death. Set in a pile of suffering, no
resistance There is no escape, no refuge, it is a state of
defenselessness. All sankharas in the east, in the north, in the south,
in the southeast, in the northeast, in the northeast, in the lower
direction, in the upper direction, in the ten directions, even those
sankharas tremble, tremble, tremble. The location is biased because it
is a unique item. Therefore, it is a condition of the nation following
old age, surrounded by parasites and being eliminated. located in the
pile There is no defense, no shelter, no refuge, it is a state of
defenselessness. It is true according to this proverb that this paradise
is bright and glorious. Yue in the Udon direction But the wise sees evil
(punishment) in form and is shaken at all times. because of that The
wise man does not rejoice in the vast world The old scum, surrounded by
arrows is lust. Stuck in the smoke of desire every time All the worlds
on fire, all the worlds on fire All the worlds that are set on fire The
whole world trembled. Therefore it is said that all sankharas are shaken
in all directions.
[801] When we desire prosperity for ourselves means
that when we desire, desire, desire, love, be content, prosperity is a
defense, a refuge, a refuge, a place where we go. Progress for oneself,
therefore it is called when we desire prosperity for ourselves.
[802]
The word does not see any position. which is not dominated means that we
do not see any position which is not dominated, that is to see that all
positions are dominated youth All were possessed by old age. Being a
disease-free person Possessed by parasites All life is dominated by
death. All fortunes are overwhelmed by corruption. All ranks are
dominated by disgrace. all praise possessed by gossip All happiness is
overwhelmed by suffering. As true as the proverb The dharmas among
humans are wealth, deterioration, rank, disgrace, gossip, praise,
happiness, and suffering, which are impermanent, unstable, and subject
to change. Therefore, it is said that he does not see any position that
is not dominated. The Buddha then said: The whole world is not a core,
all sankharas are shaken in all directions when we desire prosperity for
ourselves. did not see any position which is not possessed.
[803]
Seeing the end, the stumbling block, we have displeasure.

saw an arrow that was hard to see in all the animals.
[804] Words that
end in words that stop speech old age All young people, let the
pathology end to all beings without diseases, to the end of life. Let
everything end. Desolation to all fortune. Let go of all gossip and
praise. Let all the suffering end in peace. All things end, hence the
name is the end. blocked by old age animals those who wish to be free of
disease blocked by parasites The beings who long for life are blocked by
death; the beings who desire good fortune are spoiled. Forbid the beasts
who desire rank. being blocked by disgrace Those who desire praise are
extracted from gossip. Animals who desire happiness is blocked by
suffering, that is, closed, affects, affects, only destroys, destroys
only, therefore it is called the end, the blocking. because of seeing
Make it clear, therefore, the name is spoken because I have seen it. The
word therefore we have displeasure means that displeasure, displeasure,
The more we are not pleased, the more weary and boredom has already
been, therefore it is called because we have seen ... we have no sorrow.
The word, by the way, we have seen the arrow ... in all beings is a
synonym, etc. Chapter. The word in that page means that among all
beings, the arrow is called the arrow, which is the seven arrows: the
arrow is lust, the arrow is wrath, the arrow is ruler, the arrow is
mana. arrow is arrow is sorrow The arrow is doubt. The word \"I have
seen\" means \"experienced, met, seen, stabbed,\" hence the name We have
seen arrows \... among the beasts.
[807] The word \"hard to see\",
\"difficult to see\", \"heart\" means \"hard to see, hard to see, hard
to find, hard to know.\" It\'s difficult to stab all the time. The mind
of the mind is the mind of Manashatai. Pantaramanoma Mr. Tanamoni The
khandha-soul-soul-spirit-mano-soul-elemental-soul-soul is called the
heart in the word dependent on the heart. The word dependent on the mind
is dependent on the mind, relies on the mind, relies on the mind, goes
together, is related to the sampayut with the mind, arises together and
ceases at the same time. Having the same object has a daily mood.
together with the mind, hence the name Vac. which is difficult to see
relying on the heart. because of that The Blessed One said, because I
have seen the end that prevents us, so that there is no such thing as we
have. Seeing arrows that are hard to see, relying on the heart in all
beings.
[808] Any beast that has an arrow strung, it sank to the
dharma all because of withdrawal The arrow is broken It doesn\'t fly
away and it doesn\'t sink.

on the seven arrows
[809] is the name of an arrow in the word
\"animal\" succumbs All of them are me. The seven arrows are the arrows
of passion, the arrows of fury. Ruler Arrow, Endurance Arrow, Ditto
Arrow, Sorrow Arrow, Doubt Arrow. What is the arrow of sensuality?
Desire, desire, pleasure, pleasure, pleasure, lust for power, pleasure
The desire of the mind, etc., Abhijha, lobha, akusalamul. This is called
the arrow of lust. What is the arrow of wrath? that that person has
entered behaviour, destruction upon us Then malice arises that that
person will commit destruction upon us, malice will spawn, that person
will commit destruction upon us, etc. A young person, the cultivation of
evil words, the uncoolness of the mind, this is called the arrow of
wrath. Why is the ruler arrow? ignorance of suffering, etc., ignorance
of the path leading to the cessation of suffering, primary ignorance.
Ultimate ignorance The ignorance of the primary and the final, the
ignorance of all the dharmas that coexist. is that the supreme ignorance
has this ignorance as a factor, ignorance, ignorance ignorance ignorance
like Not always stabbing, not taking good cause ignorance indiscretion
disregard non-appearance impertinence Stupidity, delusion, delusion,
ignorance, ignorance, avijja, avijja, avijja yoga, avijjanusai, avijja
pariyatthana, avijjalangi (the wedge, avijja), moha, unwholesome
knowledge, this is called the arrow of delusion. What is the mana arrow?
Contemplation that we are better than him Contemplation that we are
always him We are inferior to him, arrogance, arrogance. arrogance, high
ambition, elevation, arrogance, exaltation, ambition as high as a flag.
This is called the Mana Arrow. What is the arrowhead? Sakkaya ditthi, 20
objects, ten ditthi, ten antakahidthi, ten ditthi, going is ditthi.
Overgrown is Ditthi the drought is ditthi The thorn is the view, the
struggle is the view. The attributes are viewpoint, stubbornness,
clinging, clinging, wrong clinging. The canal is wrong. The idea of
holding in the pursuit of perversion The misconception, the certainty of
being true in anything that is not true like this, and how much tithi 62
there is, this is called the arrow of the ditthi. What is the arrow of
sorrow? sorrow, sorrowful manner, sorrow, sorrow, inner sorrow internal
preparation inner rage internal dryness preparation of the sorrowful
mind of a person who is defiled How often does the presence of relatives
affect? deterioration Sombat affected some. that has been affected by
some deterioration due to disease deteriorating some impact affected by
the decline of views which coincides with any deterioration

some were affected by some kind of suffering This is called the Arrow of
Sorrow. What is the arrow of doubt? doubt in every feather
Rathakhaminifada Initial doubts, final doubts doubts in the beginning
and in the end skepticism All that dwelling in Kankeddi is the ignorance
of ignorance; this is a factor of doubt, pity, doubt. Doubt, hesitation,
duality, uncertainty, uncertainty. disagreement inability to judge
Impermanence can be taken, the trepidation of the mind, the stagnation
of the mind. This is called the Arrow of Doubt. on the condition of
animals being arrowed
[810] What is the word for an animal with an
arrow stuck on it? flew into all directions, saying An animal that has
been engraved with lustful arrows, that is, that is rightly pierced, is
firmly attached to the price, commits bodily depravity. verbally corrupt
behavior Will commit fraud with heart, kill some animals, steal some Cut
some joints, plundered by no means, robbed only one house, trap,
scramble on some lonely paths. some other man\'s wives, some lie; some
beasts that have been engraved with lustful arrows, that is, they are
rightly pierced, attached, firmly inserted. and swaying, wandering,
roaming, even this way Attached, firmly attached, when seeking wealth
They sailed to the ocean by boat. Through the cold, the heat, they were
touched by flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun and crawling beasts. Persecuted
by hunger and thirst, go to Khun Prath, go to Kool Rath, go to Kasila
Rath, go to Kasilarath, go to death, go to Vesungkharat, go to Verapath,
go to Chavarat, go to Tamb Singh Ratta to Wangkarat to Elawat Thanarat
go to Suwanakutrat to Suvarnabhumirat Go to Tambapannirat, go to
Suppararat, go to Parukrat, go to Surat, go to Angkhanarat, go to
Ganganagar, go to Paramakan State, go to throw the state, go to Pi.
state bird to allah state Go to Marukanta State, a trip that requires
traveling with knees to travel to Traveling with a traveling goat that
has to go, a traveling sheep that has to hang around. Ropes and poles
that have to be jumped in a leather umbrella and then can walk.
overwhelmed Bamboo travels along the path of the deni bird. Along the
way, I traveled along the crevices of Mount Deni. a path along a stream
that must Climb along the rattan line. when unable to seek He suffers
sorrow even though it is unfounded. When he seeks, he obtains, and eats.
sorrowful, even though there is a rooted cure, with concern about what
scheme? The King will not take our wealth. Thieves will not steal, fire
will not burn, water will not blow away, evil heirs will not take it.
when he is protected like this Those assets will be destroyed. He
suffers misery even though he is completely separated from his wealth.
The beast that the lustful arrow has caught, that is, pierced, right,
stuck, firmly attached, sank, and sailed in a roundabout. Travel even
like this. An angry arrow beast, a ruler arrow Being caught means being
properly inserted, being stuck, firmly inserted, and committing
fraudulent actions with the body. verbally corrupt behavior

Behave dishonestly, kill some animals, steal some cut some connectors
Plundered without a remainder rob only one house Some are lonely, some
have adultery with other men\'s wives, some tell lies. The beast that
the arrow has pinned, that is, thrusts in, right, clings, clings, sank,
sank, and swayed. Book a trip like this. A beast whose arrows are stung,
that is, thrust into, right, clinging, firmly inserted, is naked,
unethical, licking his hands, he invites. to receive the monks, they did
not come. He invited him to stop, he did not stop, did not accept the
monks he had shared before. not accepting the special education that he
He did not accept the monks he had invited. He did not receive the
monk\'s mouth. not accepting monks from the rice cooker Not accepting
the monks brought by the person standing across the threshold, not
accepting the monks brought by the person standing across the log, not
receiving the education that the person standing across the pestle
brings, not accepting the monks of two people who are consuming not
accepting the tutoring of pregnant women Not accepting the care of a
woman who is breastfeeding her child, not receiving the care of a woman
who cares for a man. not accepting a monk who has made an appointment to
make a recommendation; The dogs were bred and not educated in the
presence of swarms of flies. Do not eat fish, do not eat meat, do not
drink alcohol, do not drink marijuana. He does not drink Yadong. He
receives monks at one house, heals his condition with one bite of rice.
Some, receives monks at two houses, heals his condition with two words
of rice. D, etc., receive a monk at the 7th house after self-healing
Pictured with some 7 words of rice to heal his status with monks in a
small tray, two leaves, some etc., some 7 leaves, eating food. Some were
kept for one day, some for two days, etc., some 7 days. They were
entrepreneurs who were eager to consume food that had been circulating
for half a month like this. F. D. Ditthi arrowhead animal Stuck is
stabbed into the stump. It\'s already stuck in the roof and it\'s about
to go on and on and on and on and on and on and on like this. On the
other hand, a beast whose arrows have been stung, that is, has stabbed a
horn, is right, is attached, is firmly inserted, is a person who has
pickled vegetables. d Some have sorghum as their food, some have millet
as their food, some have rice meal as their food. Some languages have
algae as their food, some have rice as their food. Frankincense is a
medicinal product. There are some grasses as food. There are some komai
as food. There are rhizomes and fruits in the forest as food, the
consumption of the fallen fruit heals the condition. He wore some
burlap, some gauze, some shroud, some bark cloth, and some tiger skins.
Chang Some tiger skin and nails Some filter cloth, some cloth, some hemp
shell, some fruit cloth. Some pads are made of human hair, some are made
of kik feathers, and the coats are made of cloth. The hair and mustache
is a hair. Some of them are standing, that is, forbidden asana
(sitting), while others are stubborn, that is, practicing perseverance
in some yawning who sleeps on thorns, that sleeps on thorns successfully
sleep on Some planks finished sleeping on some mounds. one who lay on
one side, one who sank some dust Some were omen sitting on the slopes,
some were consumers, ie, engaged in the consumption of some pairs. A
person who forbids cold water, is diligent in prohibiting cold water The
practitioner is eager to cause his body to rage. Many hot nomads like
this.

Stuck in, stabbed in, right, stuck, stuck, already plugged in like this.
The beast that the arrow of sorrow has stuck, that is, pierced, right,
clinging, clenched, sorrowful, sorrowful, afflicted. lament to the
infatuation. It is as true as the Blessed One said, "Brahma, this matter
has already existed. In this city of Savatthi a woman, her mother, died.
that woman is crazy Has a mental breakdown because of the death of the
mother. From this road into that road, from this alley to that alley.
say this Have you all seen my mother? Have you guys seen my mother?
Behold, brahmins, things used to happen in this Savatthi city. Here is a
woman whose father dies ... brother and sister die ... sister and sister
dies ... son dies ... The daughter died ... the husband died, the woman
went mad. There was a mental breakdown because her husband died. From
this road to that road. From this alley to that alley say this You see
my husband Have you seen my husband? Look, brahmin, this story has
happened in the city of Savatthi. A man\'s mother died. that man is
crazy having a mental breakdown because of the death of the mother From
this road into that road, from this alley into that alley. say this that
you see Is it my mother? Have you guys seen my mother? Look at the
Brahmins, the story has already happened. In this Savatthi A man\'s
father dies ... brother and sister dies ... sister and sister dies ...
son dies ... daughter dies ... wife dies, man is mad. His mind was
distracted because his wife died, going from this road to that road.
From this alley to that alley Say this: Have you guys seen my wife? Have
you guys seen my wife? Look, brahmin, this story has already existed in
this Savatthi City. A woman goes to the family of relatives The woman\'s
relatives wished to part with her husband. and lifted the woman to other
men. The woman was not pleased with the other man. that time The woman
told her husband that my son These relatives want to leave you. and give
me to another man, both of us will die. Suddenly the man cuts the woman
in half and kills himself. Hopefully the two of us will have (meet) in
the next world. Sorrow is stuck, is stabbed in the right place, stuck
firmly in the roof this. The beast that the arrow of doubt has stuck,
that is, it is pierced, right, stuck, firmly inserted, is a passer-by.
doubt Doubts in two ways that in the past, are we already, or are we
not? What have we become? How have we become? What are we \@1 16 doubts:
past tense, 5 future tense, 5 present tense, 6 is called Sorosakkha, so
what is next in In the future, will we be or not? Or we will never be.
What are we? How will we be? What will we be? So what will it be next?
in the present time There is a doubt inside of us whether we are or not.
Or we probably won\'t.

What are we? How are we? Where have we been animals? We will be animals
Where were you born? The beast that the arrow of doubt has stuck, that
is, it is pierced, right, stuck, firmly attached, fading away, and
swaying. Travel like this. The animal is prepared for the child. Those
arrows were born when manipulated to make those arrows spawn And so on
to the east, and on to the west, and on to the north and to the south
with the ability to manipulate the arrow to be born. Animals can no
longer bypass these arrows, because they are ignorant; they cannot leave
the arrows. To go to Hell and to the Beast, to the Land, to the
Impossible and to the Human World, to the Desolate World, and to the
swarms of wanderings. This goes to that idea. From this misfortune to
the other From this fertilization to that fertilization From this world
to that world From this pity to that pity, from this cycle to that time,
therefore it is called an animal whose arrow has stuck. I\'ll wait until
I\'m gone to all directions.
[811] The word because of withdrawing the
arrow has been lost. It does not wander, it does not drown, it means
that beings pluck, take off, draw, pull, pull, pull, refrain, mitigate,
put an end to the absence of arrows. The arrow of anger, the arrow of
anger, the arrow of rulership, the arrow of mana, the arrow of
supremacy, the arrow of sorrow, the arrow of doubt, and it did not go
east, never to stuji. The west does not go to the north, does not go to
the south. The beasts are the ones who have lusted after those arrows. w
because he is able to abandon the Abhisankhara as an arrow, and
therefore does not wander in the motto. Not sailing into Hell, not
sailing into the birthplace. not wandering in the impermanence, not
sailing in the human world, not sailing in the angelic world. and until
the number of people circulate The journey goes from this concept to
another, from this to another. From this fertilization to that
fertilization From this world to that world From this pity to that pity
From this cycle to into that cycle, therefore it is called that because
the arrow is withdrawn, it does not go away. Don\'t sink, don\'t sink,
don\'t sink It does not fall into sensual pleasures, Ogha, Bhava-Oga,
Ditthi-Oga, and Avijja-Ogha, therefore it is called that because the
arrow is removed, it does not go away, it does not go away. Sinking
because of that The Blessed One said that any animal with an arrow stuck
and sank into all directions, because the arrow had been withdrawn. It
doesn\'t fly away and it doesn\'t sink.
[812] People speak of
education because sensuality is involved in the world. One should be one
who does not zeal in education or those sensual qualities, knowing all
sensual pleasures, and then studying his own cessation. Concerning the
study for the acquisition of sensual pleasures
[813] is called
education. is involved in the world such as education The study of
elephants, the study of horses, the study of cars, the study of bows,
and how to become a doctor in magic. being a surgeon being a medical
doctor

He is a healer through the spirits of a pediatrician. Referring to,
referring to, referring to, expressing, declaring. In other words, it
means to learn, to learn, to remember, to enter. Remember to prescribe
to get only your eroticism as a brother. Thousands. Benjakam you are
1-form. enlightened by eye Desirable, pleasing, pleasing, lustful, which
consists of sensuality, the location of lust, is called the entanglement
of sensual pleasures. Why are the five senses called sensual pleasures
that are intertwined? Gods and humans are bound by desires, delights,
lusts, and sensual pleasures. The word in the world is in the human
world, hence the name people refer to the education of sensual
pleasures. It is involved in the world.
[814] The word \"a person
should not be diligent in education or those sensual qualities\" means
that a person should be a person who does not seek to study or in the
five-fold That is, one should be a person who is not inclined, not
inclined, not inclined to study or those five virtues. Being a person
who has @(1) here, Pali must have disappeared. So there are only forms,
sounds, smells, tastes, and touches. Study or the five qualities of
those who are great, hence the name. that a person should be a person
who does not strive In the study or the five of those qualities.
[815]
In the word, knowing, knowing all sensual pleasures, it means thrusting,
that all sankharas are unsettled, all sankharas are suffering, etc.
Whatever has its natural origin, everything has its natural cessation.
The word by all means, by all means, by all means, by all means, without
any remainder. with the rest. All are said by verbal exclamation. There
are two kinds of sensual pleasures: sensual objects and one defilement.
These sensual objects are called sensual objects, and these are called
defilements, hence the name verb, knowing all kamma in all respects.

[816] It is called \"education.\" In the word one should study one\'s
cessation, which is the three precepts, namely, upholding the precepts,
the sikkha, the sikkha, etc. This is called Adhpi. Nyāsikkha. The word
cessation means one should study even after the precepts. study even
with high spirits Studying even wisdom, for cessation, for peace, for
peace. for entering into supreme peace, for cessation, for renunciation,
for the cessation of all one\'s lust, hatred, delusion, etc. When he
knows, he should study, etc. When he is clarified of the Dharma that
should be made known, he should study and behave with generosity.
Conducting generously, graciously conducting, hence the name one should
study one\'s own cessation. because of that The Blessed One said, People
speak of education because of sensual pleasures. is involved in the
world One should be one who does not zeal in education or those sensual
qualities, knowing all sensual pleasures, and then studying his own
cessation.
[817] A person should be an important person. There will be
no fiery, no illusion, without slander.

Muni should not be angry. One should avoid greed, lewdness and jealousy.
will not say that One should be one who is made up of truth, which is
composed of right words, is made up of noble truths, and has the
eightfold paths. It means that there are three kinds of anger, namely,
physical rage, verbal rage, mental rage, and so on. This is called
mental rage. These three kinds of anger, which a person has abandoned,
cut off, calmed, suppressed, causing it to arise, has been burned by the
fire of wisdom, that person is called a person who is not angry because
Therefore it is called that one should be truthful and not arrogant. As
regards being a illusionist
[819], deceitful conduct is called
illusion. The word no illusion is free of slander. Some people in this
world corrupt behavior verbal corrupt behavior corrupt behavior would
make a lewd desire because it would conceal the corruption would wish
that no one would know me (that I have done evil) to criticize anyone
who does not know me, thinks that no one knows me like this, and then
says, (no evil behavior) thinks that no one knows me thus striving with
the body (to cover up one\'s evil conduct). deceit, deceit, verb cover
up etiquette Jon the truth, the behavior that caused the misbehavior.
Jon\'s disguised behavior Evil action that hides evil, action that hides
evil, hides unknowingness, reveals action that hides this evil action.
Than Maya. This maya, which a person has abandoned, has ceased to be
peaceful. Cause it should not happen, already burned by the fire is the
intellect, that person is called an illiterate person. A sneer means
that some people in this world One who is eloquent, slanderous, etc.,
one who aims to differentiate him would bring such slanderous words.
This slander, which a person has abandoned, cut off, calmed, suppressed,
should not arise. Burned with the fire is wisdom. That person is called
a person without slander, that is to say. There is no slander, therefore
it is called without illusion, without slander.
[820] The word Muni
should not be angry. Let go of obscene greed and jealousy. Says the
Blessed One. one without anger Rather, anger should be mentioned first,
anger arises for ten reasons, etc. Any anger that muni is cut off,
calmed, suppressed, why should arise, be burned with fire, that is, Nana
Muni is called one who has no anger. Because the Muni casts off his
anger. Determine the object of anger Having cut off the cause of anger,
he is called one who does not have anger. The name greed is greed,
covetous action, covetousness, etc. Abhijha, greed, greed. The five
types of stinginess are called jealousy, namely stinginess of the monks,
etc. keep it It\'s called stinginess. The word Muni means that the mind
is called Mona.

Wisdom, knowledge, etc., advancing the Dharma are related and desire.
Find it simply as that person\'s name is Muni. The word Muni should not
be angry. Let go of obscene greed and jealousy, that the muni has
crossed over, crossed up, crossed over, surpassed, passed. The work has
been done in advance. which obscene greed and Jealousy is therefore
called a muni who should not have anger and should overcome greed and
obscene jealousy. The Blessed One said, A person should be a person who
is truthful and not angry. If there is illusion without slander, the
Muni should not be angry. Let\'s get past the obscene greed. and
jealousy.
[821] The people should suppress sleep. Laziness,
sluggishness, not to live with Negligence should not settle in the ears.
Min Phueng is the one who is inclined to go to nirvana. concerning
laziness
[822] called sleep, in the word slumber Laziness, lethargy,
is the exhaustion of the body. should not be for work, symptoms that
stop the symptoms, the symptoms, the symptoms, the symptoms, the
relaxation, within the drowsiness, the drowsy behavior, the sleeping
behavior, the name is Idleness is anguish, a rude behavior. stubbornness
laziness An act of laziness, sluggishness. The name discouragement is
the feverishness of the mind. should be old depressing action,
depressing action, depressing action depressive behavior The mental
decline of the province. The word people should suppress sleep.
Laziness, slackness, humiliation means that the people should suppress,
dominate, oppress, eradicate, stagnate, slumber, laziness.
discouragement, hence the name that people should suppress sleep,
idleness, humility to the liberation or the addition of the liberation
which In the benjakam you because the body is full. Ritwaji corruption
Corruption or non-compliance In favor of not making contact, frequent
breaks, slack conduct, consensus, enthusiasm, lack of addiction,
impotence, incompetence. very f Inattention, indifference in the
development of the Dhamma negligence, negligence, reckless behavior
carelessness Seeing this is called negligence. The word not to live with
negligence. Do not participate, do not live, do not to co-exist with
negligence, that is, one should refrain, alleviate, cause an end to the
absence of negligence; one should abstain, abstain, withdraw. out of
nowhere involved in negligence The mind is free from the realm of
passion because hence the name Vaj Do not live with carelessness.

[824] It\'s called blasphemy in words that shouldn\'t be located in
the ear. Minmee explained that the person Some people in this world
despise me. some by nationality, some by descent, etc., by a particular
object; Possession The rise, the rise, the arrogance, as Thongchai\'s
support Contemplating what one\'s mind is like is seen as blasphemy.

The word not to be located in contempt means not to be located. to
remain in blasphemy, that is to abandon, to alleviate, to put an end to
the absence of blasphemy; to abstain, to abstain, to banish, to shake
off. Jake Yi concerned with blasphemy should be one who has a mind free
from the realm of defilements. Therefore, it is said that one should not
be placed in hustle and bustle. Regarding making merit, one must aim for
nirvana. having inclination towards nirvana, saying that some people in
this world give alms, practice precepts, and keep the Uposatha go in and
set up drinking water, sweep the area, pay respect to the stupa
Worshiping incense and flowers Rajedi pays homage to the stupa for any
merit that should be performed. one of which is the tri-element He did
not practice because of his prejudice. Not practicing because of
misfortune, not practicing because of fertilization. not practicing
because of the cause of the world Not practicing because of pity, not
practicing because of cycles. is the one who wishes to escape from
suffering with a tendency to transfer to nirvana, to perform all those
merits Even for this reason, therefore, it is called a noble one who has
a mind. to go into nirvana. On the other hand, the nobles forcibly
return the mind from all sankhara elements that occur in the three
realms, bowing the mind into the immortal nature, which is the peace of
all conditioned things, the renunciation of All misfortunes, the
cessation of craving The awakening of craving, the cessation of it, the
release of it is the means. This natural shackle is serene, even for
this reason, therefore it is called that the people should be humble in
nirvana. m graduates Gifts are given because of the happiness that leads
to maturity, but those wise give gifts for the cessation of attachment.
for nirvana without the next world by part of the day All graduates do
not progress because of of happiness that leads to birth for the future,
but those sages thrive on contemplation for the cessation of attachment
for nirvana which is no further existence by only one part bowing to
nirvana, giving alms to those sages is a person who has nirvana in the
foreground Like all rivers flowing into the sea, therefore, the name of
the people should be those who are inclined to nirvana. Therefore, the
Blessed One spoke. People should suppress sleep. Laziness, lethargy,
discouragement, not to dwell, negligence should not settle in the ear.
Min should be inferior to Nirvana.
[826] People should be free from
lies. One should not do affection in form, one should establish
knowledge of mana, and one should act aside from spontaneity.

Concerning the good lies with the utilization of symptoms 3
[827] Lies
is called lies. In the word people should depart from lies. Some people
in this world live in to congregate in the community, among relatives,
among civil servants, or in the royal family He was asked as a witness,
\'Reverend Sir, come, what do you know? So tell that person, when they
don\'t know, say that they know. When he knew, he said he didn\'t know.
When he didn\'t see it, he said he saw it, and when he saw it, he said
he didn\'t see it. He is telling lies, either because of his own cause,
or because of others, or because of a little Ami\'s sake. In this way,
this is called a lie. On the other hand, a liar has 3 symptoms, 4
symptoms, 5 symptoms, 6 symptoms, 7 symptoms, 8 symptoms, etc. A liar is
good. With these eight symptoms, the word people should come out of
lies, that they should not continue, should not be incorporated, should
not be introduced with lies, should be abandoned. alleviate, alleviate,
bring about nothing which the lie should be the one who refrains only
from emancipating and is not involved in the matter; liars should be one
who has a mind free from the realm of defilements. Therefore, it is said
that the people should come out of lies.
[828] The name form, in the
word no affection for form, is the four great elements and the parapet
4. The word should not make affection in a form means that one should
not make affection. Shouldn\'t be pleased, shouldn\'t have made love.
The desire to be in the form is not to cause, not to cause. ready not to
arise, not to arise only, hence the name Do not make affection in the
form. on various aspects of mana
[829] Name Chamana in words One
should know mana, that is, one of mana, which is the rise of the mind.
Others: One endeavors three things, namely: Mana that I am better than
him, one that I am equal to him, and one that I am inferior to him: 1.
Four Mana. namely, a person giving manakedi because of the good fortune
1 mana born of rank 1 mana born because of praise Let mana be born of
happiness 1. Five types of mana are born: let mana be born that I am
pleased. Let mana be born: We have a pleasing voice, let me come and
say, I smell pleasing scents. I have the taste that pleases 1. Let mana
be born that I have obtained pleasure: 1. Six kinds of mana, namely
mana, that mana arises because of readiness. Eye 1, Mana born of the
ear, Mana due to the readiness of the nose, Mana due to the readiness of
the tongue. Mana is born because of the readiness of the body 1. Mana
arises because of the readiness of the mind 1. The seven types of mana
are arrogance, 1 contempt, and arrogance. noise 1 egotism 1 arrogance 1
arrogance 1 arrogance 1. Eight kinds of mana, i.e. the person giving
advice. One is born because of one\'s wealth one, one who is born from
one who is born from one\'s one, one who is born from one\'s honor one,
one who is born from one\'s praise. If low esteem is born from gossip,
one gives selfishness because of happiness, and low selfishness is born.

because of suffering. I try 9 things. I come to say that I am better
than the good person. I say that I am equal with the good person. Come
to say that we are worse than good people Come to think that we are
better than equals The bad one says that I am better than the bad one
that I am equal One bad guy comes to say We are ten times worse than the
wise man, for some people in this world still strive to give birth.
because of some nation because of some descent, etc., because of other
objects, arrogance, arrogance Possession The rise, the rise, the mana
like the Thongchai Mana that sustains the mind that the mind is like The
flag that is seen so far is called Mana. The word mana should be
determined with three degrees, namely, relatives, degrees, degrees,
degrees, degrees. What is a degree? The lay man knows mana, that is, he
knows, and sees that this is one kind of mana, that is, the awakening of
the mind as two mana. There is an endeavor to exalt oneself, an endeavor
to intimidate others, etc. These are ten kinds of endeavors, that some
people in this world also strive to produce because of some nation
Because of some descent, etc., because of some other objects, this is
called \"Kunyabhattaya\". What is it? The public already knew this.
considers endeavors by belonging, by misery, by suffering. etc. by
trickery Why is this suffering called bachelor degree? Having considered
this, it is abandoned, alleviated, and puts an end to nothing. This mana
is called Panna- *Prinya. Knowing mana by these three degrees, hence the
name Make sure you know it.
[830] What is the rash behavior in the
word that one should behave in a manner that avoids fruitfulness?
behavior with the lust of the chosen person behavior with the fury of
the offended the arrogance of a person who is astray commitment to
behave with a viewpoint of a person who holds true the distraction
behave with the wiki of people who are ignorant Reconcile behavior with
monuments of people who reach with* strength, this is called rash
behavior (each of them), this is rash behavior. The word to behave in a
way As a result, the people should be the only exceptions to shake off,
to be liberated, not involved in rash behavior. One who has a mind free
from the realm of defilements should behave, travel, change posture,
maintain, maintain, heal, therefore, it is called one who should act
outside of fruitfulness. Therefore, the Exalted One said, The people
should stay away from lying. One should not do affection in form, one
should establish knowledge of mana, and one should act aside from
spontaneity.
[831] Do not rejoice in the old body. One should not take
pleasure in a new body. When the body has decayed, one should not be
sad, not be a pauper.
[832] The word does not delight in the old body,
which means form, feeling, covenant, body, and spirit that has passed
away. The old sankhara. One should not be pleased, should not be
overwhelmed, should not be attracted to the sankhara.

those who are past with the ability of lust By the ability of view, one
should abandon, alleviate, put an end to nothing. The likes, the
obedience, the enthusiasm, the clinging, the clinging, the clinging,
therefore it is called not to be displeased with the old body.
[833]
The words that should not be indulging in new sankharas means form,
feeling, contract, sankhara, and spirit are now called new sankharas.
pleasure, contentment, love, desire in the present with the ability of
lust, with the ability of view, that is, not to arise, not to be ready.
Not to be born, not to be born, to be born only, therefore it is called
that one should not indulge in a new body.
[834] The word when
sankhara disappears Don\'t be sad, that when sankhara vanishes,
vanishes, vanishes, vanishes, vanishes, there is no sorrow. not bothered
Not to be held back, not to gain, not to be beaten and wail. Not to be
fascinated, that is, when the eyes, sota, ghana, chihuahua, body, form,
sound, smell, taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune, yot, sanity,
happiness, robes, alms, senas, kilan, pharmaceutical factors are lost,
gone, gone, lost, vanished. Don\'t be sad not bothered Not to be held
back, not to gain, not to be beaten and wail. Not to be fascinated.
Therefore, it is called when the body decays. Don\'t be sad. Concerning
the related defilements
[835] Lust is called defilement. For lust,
saraga, etc. Apicha Lobha Akusolmul. Why is lust called from the ear,
related things? related to Koh Keyi For whatever reason, vagao clings to
the form of feeling, sankhara, spirit, motto, incidence, fertility,
pity, and watta, that is why this craving is called defilement.
Concerned. The word not to be a dependent on lust involves that a person
should not be a dependent person. Let it be alleviated and put an end to
the cessation of lust. Those who are exempt from worshiping freed from
lust, one should live with a mind free from the realm of defilements;
therefore, it is called not to be a dependent person. related to F.
Because of that The Blessed One said, Do not rejoice in the old body One
should not take pleasure in a new body. When a body has decayed, one
should not be sad and sorrowful, one should not rely on defilements, D.

[836] I say. determination a large watershed speak quickly (Ajava) is
the desire to say that the feeling is emptiness, decrepitude, impurity,
that is, sensual pleasures are difficult to precede. about calling lust

[837] Lust is called lust, in the word lust is called lust. These are
lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha Lobha Akusol Malo. . Lust is called the
swamp.

The main ones are lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and kusala-mun. It
is a great watershed, which means that we say, tell, dictate, appoint,
disclose, classify, shallow, declare our desires. It is a great sea,
hence its name. It is a large watershed.
[838] Lust is called urgency.
as a wish such as lust, saraga, etc., Abhijhalophakasu Lamoon. Lust is
called desire, namely lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha Lobha Akusolmul. It is
a desire, which means that we say, tell, dictate, appoint, reveal,
classify, shallow, declare urgency as desire. It is said to be idle as
desire.
[839] Lust is called emotion. Ja These are stipulations, such
as lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha lobha, akusala mun. Lust is called
stipulation, ie lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha lobha and akusala mun. Hence
the name vakala. Vāramās are the stipulations, with regard to the
analogy of sensual pleasures as the impurity
[840] of the impurity;
It\'s hard to find out: mud is kamma, sank is kamma, lust is lust, mud
is lust, worry is lust. It is difficult to advance, difficult to
advance, difficult to bypass, difficult to overcome, difficult to
overcome. The drug is difficult to do, hence the name. The stagnation is
that lust is a difficult predicament. because of that The Blessed One
said that I would say the desire a large watershed said quickly that as
a wish said emotionally that is a requirement dirty is erotic It is
difficult to be a predecessor.
[841] A muni does not deviate from the
truth. A brahmin sits on the land and shakes off the whole thing That
person and I say that he is a peaceful person.
[842] The word muni is
not Rumored by the truth Rumored from the truth stepped up from the
Matitthi does not stray from the Noble Eightfold Path. Mona 1 -
including wisdom, universal knowledge, etc., advancing the Dharma as a
companion and desire. Just as the net, that person is called a Muni,
therefore, a person who is a Muni is not deviating from the truth.

[843] Immortal Nirvana is called bok in the word as a brahmin set on
land, that is, peace of all things. renunciation of all possessions lust
The craving for craving, its cessation, the cessation of it is a hundred
instruments. .The word Brahmin 2 - means that a person is called A
brahmin, because he is a spoiled child of the seven dharmas, etc., one
who has no desire and view, is a stable person, called Peng. Nobrahman.
The word \"Brahmin\" on land means \"Brahmin\".

On the land, it is situated in the Dharma located in the Dharma as a
shelter Set in the Dharma as a refuge Set in the Dharma, there is no
movement in the immortal. It is located in nirvana, therefore it is
called a brahmin on land.
[844] The word that one shakes off all
things, the 12 senses, namely the eye, form, etc., the mind, the Dharma,
are called all things. I know, in the inner and outer senses are
defilements. That person is gone. root is cut off Therefore, there is no
location like Tan Yod Duan. To the absence of the latter, there is \@1.
See verse 697. 2. See verse 681. Why does it not happen naturally? For
this reason, all things are called the one who renounces. Let go and
give it back. Lust is good, view is good, endeavor is good. That person
has already cut off the root, has been cut off, why does his heart have
a location like a palm tree? Chuan to the absence later It doesn\'t
happen any more. For whatever reason, even for this reason. All things
are called renounced, vomited, surrendered, renounced. Apunyaphisankhara
is good. Anenchaphisangkhara is good. It is the condition of that
person, who has left, has been cut off. Therefore, there is no location
like Tan Yod Duan. To the non-existence later, there is a normal
non-occurrence for any reason even For this reason, all things are
called renounced, renounced, renounced, and therefore he has shattered
everything.
[845] That person, I say, is peaceful; that person, I say,
speak, show, declare that I am He is at peace, is at peace, is at peace,
is at peace, is quenched, hence is called peace. The Blessed One said,
The muni does not deviate from the truth. He was a brahmin on land. that
person shakes things Then that person is said to be a fighter. that
person is in the world by Like, do not like to anyone in this world.

[847] The word has knowledge in that person Lamki. Knowledge is Vedic
knowledge of knowledge, wisdom, wisdom and enlightenment. have
intelligence Wisdom to destroy the clans. The word is Veda, the
knowledge in the Fourth Path is called Veda, etc. He is devoid of desire
in all feelings. all suffering It is called dual Vedic, therefore it is
called a person who has knowledge as dual Veda. Knowing is knowing and
considering and comparing. already made it clear made it known that All
things are impermanent. All sankharas are suffering, etc. Anything is
naturally born. All things have a natural extinction. The word
non-dependence means two dependences: dependence on craving, 1
dependence on perspective, etc. This is called dependence on craving,
etc. This is called dependence. living with views that person also
abandons his reliance Lust renounces dependence on the basis of views,
is not dependent, does not get involved, does not reach, does not give
up, does not compromise, renounces. related to the eyes, ears, nose,
tongue, body, mind, etc.

sound heard, smelled, tasted, touched and enlightened morality One who
has a mind freed from the realm of defilements, therefore, is called the
one who knows the Dhamma and does not rely on it.
[849] The word \"one
who is right in the world\" means that one\'s passion in the inner and
outer senses is one\'s defilement. root is cut off Therefore, there is
no location like Tan Yod Duan. For whatever reason, even for this
reason, that person is called Yom Tho Yue, changing attitudes, behaving,
and treating. Maintain and heal rightly in the world. Punyaphisankhara
is good. Apunyaphisankhara is good. Anenchaphisangkhara is good. It is
the condition that one has left, cut off, the roots are torn off, making
it stand like a palm stump. to the absence later There is no further
occurrence. It\'s normal for some reason, even for this reason, that
people like to travel around Maintaining behavior is right in the world.
therefore it is called that one who is rightly in the world. Concerning
lust is called lust.
[850] The word majesty In this world, lust is
called lust, namely lust, saga, etc. Apicha, Lobha, Aksulamul. that
whoever cuts off the peace and prevents it from happening Burned and
burned with fire, that person cannot dream of someone whether he is a
king being a brahmin whether it is sex whether or not whether he is a
layman, whether he is a monk, whether he is a deity Therefore, human
beings are known to not dream of anyone in this world. The Blessed One
said, One who has knowledge, is a duality, knows the Dharma and does not
rely on it. that person is in the world by Like, do not like to anyone
in this world.
[851] Whoever crosses all sensual pleasures and the
things that are hard to lose in the world, that person does not grieve.
would not be indifferent, a person whose current has cut off Does not
have a binder. Concerning two types of sensuality
[852] Whoever in the
word \"whoever crosses all sensual pleasures\" and related things that
are difficult to inadvertently in the world; who is what, how to
assemble, what kind, how is, and what is by what virtue whether he is a
king being a brahmin whether it is sex Whether it is a suda, whether it
is a layman, whether it is a monk, whether it is a deva, whether it is a
human being, by exclaiming that sensual pleasures. namely, two kinds of
sensual pleasures, namely, one sensual object, one defilement, etc.
These are called These sensual objects, etc., are called defilements.
Related are lust, hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, corruption.
The word in the world is in the world of human beings, the world, the
world, the world, the world, the world, the world. that whoever has
crossed over, crossed over, has crossed over, has passed, Zhuang

It is difficult to get past the pills. It is difficult to pass,
difficult to pass, difficult to pass. All the things and related things
that are hard to escape in the world.
[853] The word one does not
sorrow, does not care, does not sorrow, refers to objects that have
changed. or when an object has changed, it does not sorrow; that is, it
does not sorrow, it does not grieve, it does not mourn, it does not beat
its chest. Not to be fascinated that eyes, sota, ghana, chihuaha, body,
form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family, family, abbot, fortune, yos,
Sansern, Suk, robes, alms, sena, kilan, pharmacological factors, mother,
father, brothers, sisters, sisters. Our sons, daughters, friends,
brothers and sisters, our blood relatives have been transformed,
therefore the name is not sad and sorrowful. Do not aim, do not aim, do
not aim, do not mean, do not mean. On the other hand, that person does
not grow, does not grow old, does not die, does not move, does not
arise, therefore it is called a man who does not Zara Sok is not sane.
Pong Leng. Concerning lust is called current. There is no binding, lust
is called a stream, i.e. lust, saraga, etc. Abhijha, lobha, and
kusala-mun. Such lust is a desire that is abandoned, cut off, calmed,
settled, why not? should be born and burned with fire, that is, the
intellect is called a virtuous person. The current has been cut off. The
word without binding means the seven types of bindings, namely, lust,
hatred, moha, mana, ditthi, defilements, corruption. Wh, why shouldn\'t
that happen? Burned by the fire of wisdom, that person is called
unconnected, therefore is called one who has the current cut off. No
binder. because of that The Blessed One said, Whoever crosses all
sensual pleasures And the things that are hard to lose in the world, I
do not mourn and do not care to be a fool. There is no current cut off,
no binder.
[855] Desires that should arise because of the sankhara in
the past, you have let it dissipate Desires and worries that should
arise because of the sankhara later do not belong to you If thou shalt
not regard sankhara in the midst, thou shalt be a man. I go and behave
calmly.
[856] The term defilement that should arise because he had
called for the former sankhara, causing it to dissipate What defilements
should arise? arise because of the sankhara as part of the past, you let
those defilements disappear, disappear, dry up, that is, let go,
alleviate, cause to disappear mon later Even for this reason, therefore,
it is called the defilement that should arise because of the previous
appearance of the body. You let them disappear. On the other hand,
Abhisankhara is those past karma that have not yet yielded results.
exhausted

Dissipate, wither away, that is, end the plant, nullify, nullify, bring
to nothing. Later, even for reasons like Nandi Therefore, it is named
from the birthplace of birth. Up because of the previous sankhara, you
let it disappear. concerning the future is called later. because the
preamble to the body later Do not have a gat The plate of the future is
called the latter. The existence of worry is lust, hatred, delusion,
mana, ditthi, defilements, and corruption should arise because of
desire. All sankharas in the future These desires do not belong to you,
that you do not make them appear, do not cause them, do not cause them
to arise. ready, don\'t let it happen Do not arise only, let go,
alleviate, cause an end to the later absence, therefore it is called the
defilement of worry that should arise because of the later appearance of
the body. Do not belong to you.
[858] The word, if you do not take the
body in the midst of form, feeling, contract, the present sankhara is
called pose. middle school to be uninterested, that is, will alleviate
and bring to an end to the absence in the future, which is joy Talking
about the enthusiasm, the clinging, the clinging, the clinging to all
sankharas in this present day. with the ability of lust Because of the
ability of view, therefore the name is spoken, if you will not take the
body in the midst.
[859] The word thou shalt be calm, thou shalt be
calm, go into peace. Superb peace, quenched, quenched, because of lust,
hatred, etc. All auspiciousness is a state of peace, serenity, entering
into a wonderful serenity, being burned, extinguished, not gone,
suppressed, behaves, turns and turns, swearing. maintenance, therefore
Therefore, you will be my friend. Go calm and behave. because of that
The Blessed One said, The defilements that should have arisen because of
the appearance of the body in the past, you have let them disappear.
Desires and worries that should arise because of the sankhara later do
not belong to you If thou shalt not regard sankhara in the midst, thou
shalt be a man. I go and behave calmly.
[860] Our regard in the name
of form It is not for anyone. by all means and whoever does not grieve
for what is considered to be mine that person does not decline in the
world. On name and form
[861] The word by all means in our view In the
name of form does not belong to anyone by all means, all by all means.
by all means There is nothing left, no part. All words are collective
words. The four aggregates are called names.

The Four Great Elementals and the Four Great Elemental Forms are called
Forms. to the Arahant that is, our view is two things: our belief in
one\'s desires, one\'s view on one\'s view, etc., this is called This is
called our lusts, etc. This is called our stubbornness. There is no form
of our esteem in the form. to any person, by all means, that our regard
as a figurative name is nonexistent; All, that is, whoever has been cut
off, calmed, settled, causing it to be born, burned, by fire is the
knowledge, therefore it is called my belief in name and form. I don\'t
know to anyone by all means. On the one who is not sad It is considered
that ours does not exist, meaning that one does not mourn a variable
object; That is, not sorrow, not troubled, not grieved, not beating the
chest. It is not the infatuation that our eyes, sota, ghana, chihuaha,
body, form, sound, smell, taste, touch, family, abbot, fortune, etc.,
our blood relatives have changed even for this reason. The name does not
sorrow because of what is considered There is no one else in ours, who
has come in and afflicted with affliction, Not mourning, not grieving,
not mourning, not beating the chest. not to the passion Even for this
reason, therefore, it is called that it does not hurt and sorrow because
of frequent things. that ours doesn\'t exist. Anyone who is affected by
eye disease, etc., is a person who is exposed to of mosquitoes, wind,
sun and the beast crawling and stomping over and stomping in I don\'t
worry about it. Not beating breasts, groaning, not reaching passion, not
even that way, therefore it is called not sad. because what is
considered ours is not On the other hand, when that name or form does
not exist, does not appear, does not enter, there is no sorrow, no
trouble, no trouble, no mournful chest It is not the fascination that my
name and form have existed, my form name has no form to me, my form name
should have, I can\'t recognize form name. that, even therefore, is
called, and who does not grieve because what is considered mine does not
exist? e. Concerning the lack of a person who holds the trust
Willingness, sympathy for form, feeling, covenant, body, spirit,
whatever this thing is mine. or that this thing of other people has
Whosoever decay is with that person. Thou art decayed from carriages,
horses, jewels, and kundals; thou shalt not be from children and wives,
and from all the wealth that is not seen, why are thou not boiling?
It\'s hot in times of sorrow. wealth Some animals forsake some, some
animals forsake those treasures. A person who is lustful has wealth.

All of them have nothing of their own, therefore we do not grieve. In
times of sorrow, the moon rises. The full moon is gone The sun has set
and has returned. We know the eight worlds, therefore we do not grieve.
in times of sorrow holding, clinging, clinging, clinging, liking,
sympathy, form, feeling, covenant, body, spirit, what is this of mine or
this of others? There is no Whoever is depleted does not belong to that
person. Indeed, according to the proverb Well, old man, what do we have
that will be joyful? Well, then, clergyman, then you are sorrowful. or
Look, old man, what has been said has gone bad. then we will mourn. See
the monk, if so, you will not be pleased, neither will you be sad, nor
will it be. Elderly people. and is true according to the proverb For a
long time Therefore, we have seen monks who are noble and brahmins, who
have passed away, have no vision, no suffering, crossing over the lusts
of the world. Therefore, he is called the one who is unfaithful in the
world. Therefore, the Blessed One said, Our regard in the name of the
form is not to anyone in all respects and Whoever does not mourn because
of what is considered to be mine. That Yuju is not indifferent to the
world. There is no one who, when not regarded as ours, does not grieve
for this. There is none for us.
[865] To whom in the word concern that
this thing of us or this of these people There is no Whoever means to
the Arahant Khina, clinging, clinging, trusting, liking, sympathy for
whatever body, namely form, feeling, contract, body, and spirit, this is
mine, or this thing is mine. Others are nonexistent, unseen,
inaccessible to anyone, whoever is abandoned, cut off, calmed,
suppressed, preventing it from happening, burning. Then, by fire is
wisdom, even so, thus it is called any concern that this thing is mine.
or this of these people There is no one against you. Indeed, as the
Blessed One said, this body of monks is not Your Excellency neither are
they of other people. Bhikkhus, this body, which is controlled by old
karma, which the mind has entered, should be regarded as the place of
feeling. look at the monks the noble disciple who had heard Praying for
the sacrament That is, in a very good manner, in that body. for this
reason When this exists, this exists; because this happens, this happens
when this doesn\'t. This does not exist because of this.

cessation, this is extinguished, that is, because ignorance is a factor,
there is sankhara. Because body is a factor, there is spirit. Etc., the
birth of suffering is better with this condition because ignorance also
ceases. Being able to vomit without rest, sankhara is extinguished,
etc., the cessation of all suffering is with this condition. Even so,
thus it is called any concern that this thing of mine, or that this
thing of others, is not different. Whoever. and realistic as the Blessed
One said View Korrajathan Jongmasi Criticism sees the world as being of
extinction. Attanutitthi is gone. One should be able to overcome it with
such a condition, the sorcerer does not see a person who sees the world
in this way. Even for this reason, there is no concern for any ... and
it is true, as the Blessed One said, bhikkhus, whatever is not yours,
let it all go away. that which you have neglected shall be for the
benefit for eternal happiness for a long time. Look, monks, what is not?
Your Highness, look at the monks. Form is not yours, leave your forms.
That form which you have abandoned will have for your benefit and
happiness forever. Feeling, covenant, body, spirit, not yours, leave
that spirit. I\'m sorry that spirit that you have abandoned shall be for
the benefit for eternal happiness look at the monks Why are you
important to that point? Grass, trees, branches and leaves Today\'s
Nawiharn Seth should be taken, burned, or by doing according to the
necessities. Do this or that? The poor man put it on fire. which we all
or follow the factors. That idea is nonexistent, Lord Buddha. For what
reason, because that thing is not a person or a thing because of my
self? Monks, what is not Your Excellency, please leave. That which you
have neglected will have for the benefit of happiness for a long time.
So, looking at the monks, what is not? Lord, look at the monks, not the
form. Yours ... The spirit is not yours, leave it alone. that spirit you
have neglected and there will be for the benefit of happiness for a long
time So this is the name of the word. Any concern...is nonexistent. and
is true according to the proverb Look at the mani when a person sees the
occurrence. complete dharma and The successor of all sankharas, as it
really is, there is no danger. When one sees the world equal with grass
and wood with wisdom, then That person does not desire anything other
than nirvana that is not conceived. Mrs. Wachira Bhikkhuni said this
stanza to a shark than Duke Mara, what do you believe that an animal?
This body is a pile.

Of all the sankhara graduates did not fail. to be called a stat In all
these aggregates, just as the sound of the car is due to the clinging of
its components, when all other aggregates exist, the assumption that
animals are There is only suffering, suffering exists and changes,
except suffering nothing arises except suffering. What is extinguished?
Even for this reason, it is called that any concern\...is unique. and
realistic as the Blessed One said look at the monks The monks searched
for such images. and as far as the motto of the form that exists,
Looking for pity...contract...death...spirit to the mindset of the
spirit that existed when The bhikkhu searches for form as well as the
motto of form that exists when searching for feelings... contracts ...
sankhara ... spirits, as well as the motto of existing spirits. Even
though we are good Our word is good that we may have There is no respect
for that bhikkhu though, so it\'s called any concern \... not for
anyone. on the gloomy world Venerable Ananda asked the Blessed One:
Blessed One He said that the world is lost, the world is lost. For
whatever reason, he said that the world has lost the world. The Blessed
One replied, \"Dear, Ananda, because of one\'s loss or of one\'s cause,
therefore we say that the world is lost. See Ananda, what is lost from
oneself, or from what is due to oneself, see Ananda, the eye? lost from
oneself or from something else Self-image loses...soul eye...eye
senses...pleasure is good, misery is miserable. up because the eye is a
factor Ear ... sound ... nose ... smell ... tongue ... taste ... body
... touch ... mind ... dharma ... spiritual mind ... mono-touch...
blissful feeling. Unhappiness and feeling are good that arise because of
mind-contact as a factor, even the feeling of suffering for a long time
disappears from oneself or from another. Look, Ananda, because the world
is lost from oneself. or from something else Therefore we say that the
world is extinct, even for this reason it is called Any concern that
this is ours or that of others is not for anyone. we in the word that
person when not looking We can assume that we have to our two beliefs is
our volitional beliefs find one of our beliefs too This ditthi 1, etc.,
is called our belief in volition. find this etc. is called our esteem
has abandoned our esteem with lust, has abandoned our esteem When I do
not see, I do not suffer, not only my beliefs, therefore it is called
that one when I do not believe.
[ 867] The word is not sad that this
cannot be give us speech That person would not be sad. to the variable
object or when the object has changed neither sorrow nor sorrow, neither
sorrow, nor mourning, nor sorrow Not to that obsession Our eyes have
changed.

Our ears have changed, etc. Our blood has changed, therefore it is
called. for us. Therefore, the Blessed One said, Any concern that this
thing is mine, or that this thing of others is not for anyone else, when
it is not regarded by us. I do not regret that this does not exist for
us.
[868] A person who is not envious, does not pursue, is not shaken,
is equal in all senses. He told me that virtue. on people who are not
jealous
[869] envy in the word envy is not envious How can some people
in this world become envious? jealousy envying envying envying envying
envious behavior This hatred is called envy. That envy, which is torn
off, settled, settled, causing it to arise, is then burned with fire is
my wisdom. He is called a person who is not envious, therefore he is
called a person who is not envious. The word not following the meaning
of lust is called lust, such as lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha
lobha-a-kusala-malu. It should not happen. Burned and destroyed by fire
is the mind. I call him a person who does not follow. He is not
attracted to, that is, not attracted, is not delusional, is not absorbed
in forms, etc. in forms seen, sounds heard, emotions known, and
thoughts. An informant is a person who is free from enthusiasm. quit
lust, give up lust, vomit off lust, give up lust, give up lust, give up
lust without desire, lost from desire, renounced desire aspiration
release desire Give up the desire, give up, the desire is gone, the
hunger is gone, then it is cooled be a happy person There is a
brahma-like existence, therefore one is called one who is not envious
and does not pursue. The task of the one who is equal in all senses,
lust is called lust, such as lust, saraga, etc., Abhijha Lobhaakasu.
Lamul. Desire, which is That trembling, which one who cuts off and stops
and causes it to arise, is burned, and then burned with fire, that
consciousness is called one who is not shaken. A person is said to be
one who is not shaken by the neglect of trembling; he is not shaken.
Struggling and perturbing, even in fortune, even in disgrace, even in
rank, even in disgrace. even in praise Even in gossip, even in
happiness, even in sorrow, therefore it is called one who is immovable.
The word \"equal in all senses\" means that the 12 senses, namely the
eye, form, etc., mind, and the Dhamma, are called all senses. Whenever I
know, in the inner and outer senses, each individual has cut off the
root. Therefore, there is no location like Tan Yod Duan.

to the absence later There is no birth He is, then, steadfast, neutral,
indifferent in all senses, hence, unshaken, unshaken. One who is equal
in all senses.
[871] We are asked of a person who is unshaken. and
tell that virtue, that we are asked, asked, asked to tell, summoned to
tell, and bestowed upon a person who is not shaken He said these four
virtues, namely, telling, clarifying, etc., declaring that such a person
was not envious, was not envious, was not shaken, was equal in all
senses; therefore, he was called We were asked about the person who does
not have anxiety when he did, he said that virtue. Therefore, the
Blessed One said, A person who is not envious, not envious, unshaken,
steadfast in all senses. We are asked about one who is not shaken. He
told me that virtue.
[872] Abhisankhara anything There is none for a
person who is not shaken, enlightened, that person has been spared from
Abhisankhara. You can see liberty in all places.
[873] Lust is called
trepidation. In the word, to one who is not shaken and enlightened,
namely lust, saraga, etc., Abhijhalophakasu. That trembling passion,
which has been cut off, settled, settled, causing it to arise and burned
by the fire of insight, is called One who is not shaken. A person who is
not shaken by the abandonment of trembling is not shaken, inclined,
struggling. Busy, even in fortune, even in disgrace, even in rank, even
in disgrace, even in praise. Even in gossip, even in happiness, even in
sorrow, therefore it is called a person who is not shaken. The word
enlightened means knowing, knowing all, knowing only, always stabbing,
that all body parts are not equal. All bodies are b, etc., something has
a natural occurrence. All things have a natural extinction, hence the
name. to a person who is not shaken and enlightened.
[874] The word
Abhisankhara does not mean Punya Phisankhara. Apunyaphisankhara
Anenchaphisangkhara is called Aphisangkhara (nisankhti).
Punyaphisangkhara is good. Apunyaphisankhara is good.
Anenchaphisangkhara is good. which person root is cut off Therefore,
there is no location like Tan Yod Duan. As a rule, for this reason,
there are no Absankharas. does not appear to be unable to enter The
condition in which that person has abandoned and stopped and thus should
not be happen to burn Then along with it is insight, therefore it is
called Abhisankhara, nothing exists.
[875] The word that person has
been abstained from Abhisankhara means Punyaphisangkhara Apunya-
\*phisangkhara Anenchaphisangkhara is called Abhisankhara (wi Yarambha).
Punyaphisangkhan Apunyaphisankhara Anenchaphisan which person root is
cut off cause the location to be like Tan Yod Duan, leading to the
absence later. There is no further occurrence. For this reason that
person is known as the refrain, refrain, refrain, refrain, refrain Lack
of connection with Abhisankhara is a person who has a mind. Free from
the realm of defilements, therefore it is called that the person has
been spared from superlatives.


[876] The word sees emptiness everywhere: lust, hatred, delusion,
etc., all defilements. causing disaster because that person is One who
neglects the lust that causes danger, etc., abandons all defilements.
which causes After all, the name sees serenity in all places. see no
danger No skunks There is no such thing as a vicious circle. The
creation of calm in every place, therefore it is called serenity in all
places. because of that The Blessed One said, There is no such thing as
a privilege to a person. Sensitive to the person abstained from
Abhisankhara You can see liberty in all places.
[877] A muni does not
speak of himself among equals. Among the lower ones, among those who are
above the Muni are calm, without stinginess, do not hold back, do not
give up. MP The King said as follows). Concerning the qualities of Muni

[878] The word Muni cannot be spoken. reflects himself among those who
are equal among those who are inferior among the Those who are higher
than wisdom are called monadis, wisdom, knowledge, etc., stepping on the
Dharma. The only affliction and lust that exists, that person\'s name is
Muni. Muni does not talk about, does not say, does not say, does not
show, does not state that I am better than him, I am equal to him, or I
am inferior to him, therefore the name Muni does not speak of himself
among those who are equal. among those who are lower, among those who
are higher.
[879] The word \'peaceful\' in Muni means calm, without
stinginess, that is, one who is at peace, is at peace, is at peace.
Because of lust, hatred, delusion, etc., all atheism is a state of
serenity, serenity, entering into serenity, being burned, extinguished,
quenched, and quenched, hence the name. The Muni is a peaceful person.
The word without stinginess means the five kinds of stinginess, namely,
stinginess, etc. This jealousy is called stinginess. Such stinginess,
which is stingy, is cut off, calmed, suppressed, prevents should occur
incineration Then by fire, that Nyamuni is called one who is free from
stinginess, recovers from stinginess, eliminates stinginess. stinginess
free from stinginess give up stinginess relinquishing his stinginess,
hence the name Muni is calm. without stinginess.
[880] The word does
not to adhere to the meaning of being humble He did not shake off the
Blessed One, saying thus, that the Muni would not hold or disobey. I do
not hold, do not hold, do not cling to, do not hold on to forms,
feelings, covenants, sankharas, spirits, mottos, upapathy, patindhi,
pity and vata; therefore, I do not adhere to the word. He does not shake
off that Muni, it will not relieve, will not put an end to it. not to
the absence of form, feeling, covenant, sankhara, spirit, motto,
uppippapandibhatta and pity vatta, hence the name is not sorrowful. Etc.
This chapter, Bhagavad, is the Truth of the Law. Therefore, the Blessed
One said,

Muni never speaks of himself among those who are equal. Among the lower
ones, among those above the Muni he is calm, without stinginess, does
not hold fast, does not delay. P The King said as follows). Finished
attanthasuttanidthes the 15th. ------------ The 16th
Sariputtasuttaniddess, on the tone of the Buddha\'s voice, consisting of
8 elements. [881](ทานพระสารีบุตรกลาวดังนี้วา) The Great Master With a
beautiful voice, coming from the realm of the Master, I have never seen
this before. and never heard of anyone.
[882] Words that I have never
seen before Thus, in the past, the Lord There is that Buddha I have
never seen this eye with this self. Reminiscing the Buddhist Lent at
Bantu Kamphol Sila At, wielding the Paricchattaka (Ton Thong Lang) tree
in the world of Daowadung, where a group of deities surround him and
descends to Sangkas. city by the stairs finished with a jewel in the
midst of that time, I had never seen this opinion. In the past, hence
the name I\'ve never seen it before.
[883] Iti, in the word Venerable
Sariputra, says this: as a precept, a precept, an impediment, an
imperial chapter. It is a word for meeting characters. It is a
descriptive word with a consonant. It is a chapter sequence. The word
Aysma is a symbol of love. It is said with respect. It is said to go
with respect. It is said to go with reverence. The word Sariputra is a
noun and counts. It\'s a sign, it\'s a command, it\'s a rhetoric, it\'s
a name, it\'s a naming, it\'s a name. to mention It is a symbol of
meaning, a specific saying of the Elder, hence the name Venerable
Sariputta said:
[884] Vocabulary in both words never get It\'s a
denial. Udha is a junction, a hindrance, a hindrance, a death. meeting
characters into words euphemisms with consonants in order of chapters.
The word \"to anyone\" means \"to anyone who is a king, a brahmin, a
sexist, a lord, a householder. Is a clergyman, a deity, or a human being
Therefore, it is said that neither has ever heard of anyone.
[885] The
words of the Master who had such a beautiful tone, the Teacher had a
beautiful tone, that is, the tone of the voice that was ludicrous. with
His Majesty\'s voice at the location Of love, there is a sound stream, a
heart has a bad stream because as the sound of a bird, the sound of
eight elements emanates from the mouth of the Exalted One, that is, an
uncontrasted sound. Item 1 is a voice. It is easy to understand, 1 is a
beautiful sound, 1 is pleasant to hear, 1 is

A mellow sound 1 is an immutable sound 1 is a deep voice 1 is a resonant
sound with his voice, then the voice of the Exalted One would not go out
of the company. Well, the Blessed One There is a sound like the sound of
Brahma, the sound of birds, and the sound of waking, therefore it is
called having such a beautiful tone. the Blessed One who leads They are
called the Teachers. Those who lead them lead others to cross the
wilderness, to cross, to go up, to go over, to go beyond. which the
wilderness but thieves the wilderness, but the beast in the wilderness
but in starvation in the wilderness but without water As the Blessed One
leads the beasts, let them cross the wilderness, cross up, cross up.
come out, cross the nation\'s deprivation Famine, but parasite, but
death, Soka paride is miserable. And upāyāsāsana, but lust, desolate,
but hate, moha, mana, ditthi, desires and corruption, rakhat is lust,
rakhat is hatred, moha, mana and ditthi, rakhat is lust. to reach with
immortal nirvana which is part of Kasem Likewise, even for this reason,
the Blessed One is known as the Leader. The Blessed One is a leader, a
guide, a guide, a educator, a contender, a peek, a person who gives
slander, even for some reason. as follows: Therefore, the Blessed One is
called a group leader. does not occur He has the path that has not yet
been born and is ready to be born. He is wise in the path. That\'s right
now The disciples of the Lord His Highness is a follower of the path to
become virtuous practitioners later, even for this reason as follows:
The Blessed One is called a leader, hence the name of the Master. His
Majesty\'s melodious voice is like this. Concerning the Buddha as a
teacher Chmi, the Blessed One was reincarnated from the Dusit level. He
had a conscience into the womb of his mother, even for this reason,
therefore it is called coming from the Dusit world to become a teacher.
On the other hand, the deities said, Dusit. Those deities were
delighted, contented, pleased, joyful, ecstatic. that the Blessed One
came from Dusit the world to become a Master Because of this and thus,
it is called coming from the Dusit world to become a teacher. another
The Arahants said, Dusit. Those arahats were delighted, contented,
contented, and filled with excellence, saying that the Blessed One came
to the enlightenment. The work of the teachers of all arahants Even for
this reason, therefore, it is named after coming from the Dusit world to
become a teacher. The word Kanee means having a group. It\'s called Kani
because it\'s a teacher. because he was the teacher of the group.
Because of the view that His Majesty is in charge of the Faculty.
Because of the point that the Lord taught the faculty. because of the
point that he preached the faculty Enter the Faculty. because the group
was willing to listen to the Lord listen up Go in and set your mind for
knowledge. because

commented that the Lord had sent the group out of unwholesomeness. to be
located in the charity is a faculty member of the Faculty of Monks as
faculty members The faculty members of the Royal Order are faculty
members. The King\'s Faculty is a faculty member of the Brahmin Faculty.
as a faculty member The Faculty of Sex is a faculty member. The Faculty
of Sutra is a faculty member of the Faculty of Deva. The faculty of the
Brahma faculty. The Master is a fool. There is a group of people. The
monks came in. went into ready and ready, which is sangkassan city,
hence the name that he came from the world of Dusit to the as a teacher
because of that Phra Sariputra said: (Phra Sariputra said as follows:)
The Master, who had a beautiful voice, came from the realm of life to
become a teacher. I\'ve never seen this before, but I\'ve never seen and
never received to anyone.
[887] The Blessed One His Majesty\'s eyes
are clearly visible. to the world and the world He has eliminated all
darkness. being the main person Attained, which was a pleasure.
[888]
\"To the world with its devas, to the world with its devas, Mara, the
Brahma world, with its ascetics and brahmins, devas and devas. human
therefore hence the name to the world with the whole world on the Buddha
appearing to devas and humans
[889] The word Blessed One has eyes is
evident, that the angels can see the Lord The Blessed One was present at
the Bantu Kamphol Sila Asana, swinging the Parichattaka tree in the Just
as the Blessed One sees it, so do the humans see it, so do the devas see
it. The Blessed One appears to me. Just as devas appear to humans. Just
as the Blessed One appears to humans would appear to the gods even for
this reason Therefore, it is called the Blessed One who has great eyes.
It is clearly evident. Some of them did not train themselves. appears by
the sex of the person who is cultivating, not at peace, appears by the
sex of the person Peaceful people do not suppress is manifested by the
sex of the person who is not extinguished, is manifested by the sex of
the person who has died. As true as the proverb The contemplatives and
brahmins, who are not pure inside, are beautiful outside, are surrounded
by relatives. It goes on earth like a pot of clay covered with gold. and
like a coin with gold-plated metal. The Blessed One did not appear like
that. The Blessed One has trained Him. Appeared by the sex of the
Buddha. After awakening, he is calmed, appears by the sex of the Buddha,
who is calmed, is suppressed, appears by the sex of the Buddha who is
suppressed. and then, he is extinguished, appears by the sex of the
Extinct Buddha, by the truth, by the truth, by the truth, by the truth,
without perversion by condition. It is the Exalted One, the Buddha
gesture

did not begin, complete with desire (Desire) Even for this reason,
therefore, it is called the Exalted One, the Blessed One, the One whose
eyes are clearly visible. The Blessed One is dignified, pure, complete
with honor and praise, and especially in the Naga, Garuda, and the
Giant. Phopasura, Phop Khon Tharp, Phop Maharaj, Phop In, Phop Brahma.
The eye is clearly visible. The Blessed One is made up of ten strengths,
manifested by virtues, 4 perceptions, 4 Agnostics, 6 Buddhadhamma, 6
Destiny, Power, Virtue, Wiriya, and Wisdom. say that the faithful appear
far away Like the mountains of Himwan, therefore, the wicked do not
appear here. like an arrow shot in the night therefore. Raphakh, whose
eyes are clearly visible. Concerning the five eyes, the word Blessed One
The Blessed One has five eyesights, namely, one with the eyes of the
human eye, one with the eyes of the great-eyes, and the mother-eye. with
wisdom-eyes 1, having an eye even with a Buddha-eye, one having an eye
even with an eye-eye grab a vegetarian Five colors, namely green,
yellow, red, black and white, appear in the eyes of the Blessed One.
Where is the eye of the Exalted One located? It was green, completely
green, pleasing to the eye, like a hyacinth flower. After that, there
was yellow, soft yellow, the color of gold, pleasant to look at, like a
Kannikar flower. The edge of the socket, the two eyes of the Blessed One
are red, red, beautiful, attractive, attractive, looks like the color of
insect wings. In the middle of the eye, black, beautiful, not dull,
completely clear, attractive, attractive, looks like the color of a
black anchor (fire-burning brick). After that, there was a white, white,
beautiful color. Pale, white, pleasant to look at, attractive, like the
color of stars and sparkling flora. The Blessed One has the eye of the
Buddha, that is normal because of his body. born only Honesty in the
past He saw all the people around him. Day and night. Whenever there is
a hand made up of four elements: the sun, the sunset, the day of the
ubosoth in the gala, a line of dense forests, a large cloud rises; that
the Blessed One The King saw it all through his life. steaming around in
the dark which consists of the 4 elements, even if you see it like this.
There are no pits, gates, walls, hills, stumps, and vines, and there is
no protection from all forms. Make a mark to put in the cart. When
loading the tusks, the Blessed One should take the seeds. That tusk has
risen. The Exalted One has the eye. with this kind of ophthalmology. The
Blessed One has eyes even with divine What kind of eyes?

incarnation Bad strength, exquisite, good complexion, bad complexion,
good, hard to fall, with the pure eye of the human eye. He knows among
the beings who are subject to karma. these animals Num consists of
corrupt body, corrupt speech, dishonest conscience, criticizes the Lord
Buddha as a magician, holds a doctrine of evil power. Thi when he dies,
he enters the wickedness of the animal inferno. These consist of the
pure body. Words of honesty and conscience do not criticize the noble
one. Adhering to doing with right power, when he dies, he will reach the
heavenly world as follows: the Blessed One He saw a group of beasts that
were swarming. He is of ill-fated form, has good complexion, has good
complexion, is difficult to fall, with the pure eye of the human eye.
and also knows of the animals that are subject to karma In the following
respects. Well, the Blessed One, when he wants One would see, even the
2nd world, the 3rd world, the 4th world, the 5th world, the 10th world,
20th small part Even though the two-thousand-elemental world is central,
even the three-thousand-elemental world Even thousands of worlds.
Blessed One how much he wants He should only see. This is the divine eye
of the Blessed One. The Exalted One has eyes. Even with such a sage. How
does the Blessed One have eyes even with intelligence? The Blessed One
is very wise. broad intelligence wise, cheerful smart play have sharp
intelligence have the first wisdom He was wise in the category of
wisdom, possessed sharp intellect, attained enlightenment. He attained 4
Vesarachayanana, His Majesty was a valiant man. He was a man of color.
He was a Naga man He was a well-mannered man. He was a man who carried
out business as usual. There is infinite wisdom. There is no supreme
power, there is no supreme rank, He is wealthy. He had a lot of wealth.
His Majesty has wisdom as a property. He is the leader, leading by
magic, leading frequently to know the benefits. Let the page consider it
for your benefit. Let it sail with a sword. The Blessed One is the one
who gave the path that has not yet arisen. to arise, the path that has
not yet arisen Ready to happen with the one who speaks the way that no
one has told. He knows the way He knows the Path, He is wise in the
Path. That\'s right now. The Blessed One\'s disciples are those who
follow the Way. He is the one who possesses the virtues within. His
Highness knew the Dharma that should be known. He sees the Dhamma that
should be seen, the Eye, the Wisdom, the Dharma, the Brahma Dharma, the
One who speaks, the One who speaks. to be the exporter of He bestows
immortality, is fair, husband is a Tathagata. That which He doesn\'t
know, He doesn\'t see, He doesn\'t know, He doesn\'t make it clear, He
doesn\'t right with wisdom. It does not exist for that Blessed One. All
dharmas, including past, future, and present, come into the dungeons of
the Buddha by all manifestations of the Enlightened One. Name, benefit,
odd Every advice that one ought to know is the benefit of the other.
Both benefits are useful in this life. Benefit in the next life, shallow
benefit, deep benefit, secret benefit, concealed benefit. that should
suggest benefits already recommended by the graduate

Non-Benefits punishment without benefit plan to reveal benefits Greatly
beneficial, all of them are circumscribed in the Buddha\'s inner
knowledge. The Exalted One, who has enlightened, has insight, does not
interfere in the past. There is no conflict in the future. There is an
uninterrupted wisdom in the present. acrobatics, speech, mental karma It
is according to the knowledge of the Enlightened One. How much doctrine
should be recommended? Only the insight, the more insight, the only
Dharma chapter that should be recommended. The dharma chapter that
should be introduced is also the final part of the Buddha\'s knowledge.
The path of Dharma that should be suggested is not beyond the
enlightenment. Those dharmas are situated in the edge of each other.
When the two layers of baking pan are completely closed. Laj Baked Layer
should not exceed the upper baking layer. The upper pan is not more than
the lower pan. The two pans are located at the end of each other. And
just as a dharma verse that should be introduced is good, good insight
of the Enlightened One. is located in the At the end of each other\'s
cycles, how much do you recommend? Only the insight, the more knowledge,
the only Dharma chapter that should be recommended The dharma chapter
that should be introduced is the ultimate part of the Buddha image.
Wisdom is not possible. Dharma chapters that should guide the way of
Dharma chapters that should be recommended are not beyond those
enlightenment. are located at the end of each other I\'m the same. the
insight of the Enlightened One It is omnipotent in all dharmas. all
dharmas because of conscience because of hope because of the community
because of the spirit of the Blessed One who has enlightened. The
intellect of the Enlightened One is omnipotent in all beings. all
animals He knows the beasts of little passion. In the wisdom of the eye
there is defilement. There is a lot of wisdom in the eye, there is an
organic, the brave, there is a weak organic, there are good symptoms,
there are bad symptoms, one should be able to advise easily. It is
difficult to advise. is an animal It is unlucky for beings, the world,
with the worlds of the gods, the Mara, the Brahma world, and the group
of beings with the brahmins and ascetics. Devas and humans are drowning
around in the Buddha\'s inner knowledge. All kinds of fish and turtles,
including all timimi, assorted timimi and assorted timimi. Just as the
world is round in the interior of the ocean, the world with its devas,
the Mara, the Brahma world, and the beasts and the brahmins. angels and
humans It is a cycle in the Buddha\'s inner knowledge, and so too. all
kinds of birds, including all four, including the Garuda Wentai Khot
Just as the Buddha\'s disciples, who are equal with Sariputra by wisdom,
are round in the country of the Buddha\'s knowledge. I\'m the same. The
Buddha envelops the wisdom of the devas and human beings. The sages, the
kings, the brahmins, the householders, the enlightened monks. Lai Yi,
the druid of the people like Mr. Kamung Thanyu, carried the sand tails
accurately to the point. destroy the views of the others with their
intelligence those graduates After concocting the problems, he came to
the Tathagata and asked those questions that the Blessed One had asked
and solved. It was a problem that had a reason for showing it and
getting rid of it. Those sages worshiped the Blessed One. The Blessed
One is supremely glorious.

with the wisdom there The Blessed One has eyes even with this kind of
wisdom. The Exalted One has eyes even with the Buddha. How does the
Blessed One look? The worldly beings with the Buddha\'s eye saw all
beings with low gleaming skills in the eye of great defilement. In the
wisdom of the eye, there is an organic matter. There is an organic john
with good symptoms, bad symptoms. It is easy to give advice, difficult
to advise. Some are those who see the dangers and dangers of the
Hereafter. In the green lotus, in the clump, the red lotus, or in the
white lotus, the red lotus or some white lotus, in the growing water, in
the water, up in the water, immersed in the water that the water
nourishes. Some flowers are born in water, grow in water, stand on
water, some are born in water, grow in water, rise out of water, water
does not stick. When he examined the creatures of the world, the
Buddha\'s eye saw the creatures that had lustful passion. In wisdom, the
eye has defilements. There is a lot of dust in the wisdom eye, there are
organics, there are organics. Sean has a good condition and has a bad
habit of giving advice easily, difficult to give advice. Some are the
ones who see the dangers and dangers of the Hereafter. I\'m the same.
The Blessed One knows that This person is dishonest. This person is a
bad person. This person is dishonest. This person is insane. This person
is a dishonest person. This person is insidious. The Blessed One Speaks
to a person who is ignorant. Saying mercy and praying to a person who is
arrogant. He advises a person who is immoral to stay in learning, in
inquiry, in listening to the Dharma at the proper time, and in discourse
on the Dhamma at the proper time. in coexistence with teachers. He spoke
to Anapanasati. A person who is insane. He told the sutra which was a
good vision. The good enlightenment of the Buddha good justice of the
Dharma good practice of monks and all their precepts, which is the place
of devotion for a person who is a virtuous person. The Lord preached the
Dharma. Vision of Vipassana which has uncertain symptoms, has symptoms
of malaise to a person who is instinctive. as realistic as the spell a
man standing on the top of the rock mountain Just as the people around
him should be seen, O Lord, the Blessed One who has good wisdom. With
eyes all around him, sorrow is gone, and he ascends to the sanctuary of
dharma. Examine the sorrowful people. Right. Thus dominates birth and
old age. The Blessed One has eyes even with this eye. How does the
Blessed One have eyes even with the Samatha? Phra Sapanya is called the
Samatha Eye. has arrived Comprised of omniscience. It is as realistic as
the spell that anything in this tri-world The Tathagata\'s intellect is
not seen, and there is no other nature. which the Buddha did not know
Then and what is not known, there is no guided nature, the Tathagata.

He already knew all the nature that should be recommended. Because of
that, the Tathagata is called the Sacred Eye. The Blessed One has the
eye, even with such an eye, therefore it is called the Blessed One. I
have a monk One whose eyes are clearly visible.
[890] The word
eliminating all darkness means alleviating, eliminating, eradicating,
leading to the absence of darkness because of sensuality. darkness of
wrath darkness because of rulers darkness because of Darkness because of
the view, the darkness because of the passion, the darkness because of
intense all the grievances that make a person blind do not have eyes
does not have intellect, intelligence is on the side of difficulty not
to Nirvana hence the name Vac He got rid of all his hands. The Lord
Buddha is the supreme person
[891] The word is the supreme person, he
has attained joy. He is the main person because of his ordination. He
was a prime person because he had no friends, he was a prime person
because of lust. He is the main person because he is completely free
from lust. He is the main person because he is He is partly free from
anger, a person who is preeminent because he is completely free from
anger. He was a great person because he was a person who had no
defilements. His Highness is a great person because of his worth. one
who travels along the Eternal Path He was a prime person because he was
the only one who had the enlightenment of the great enlightenment.
Because of the ordination part, how? Blessed One still young had a young
child, still in the early childhood, when the mother and father He did
not wish to be ordained. His face was drenched in water, his eyes
gleaming, giving up his family and relatives. He cuts off the worries of
his sons. He cuts off the worries of his relatives. His Highness
eliminated the concerns in Amat\'s friend. Withdrawn from the worries of
accumulating, he transformed the hair and the beast in the robe of the
robe; he came out and realized that he was a carefree person, going to
rest, rest and behave. Healed and healed the King alone. Lord Buddha He
was the preeminent person because of this ordination part. How is the
Blessed One who is the preeminent person because he has no friends? He
has been ordained, in this way he alone is addicted. Silent forests and
forests, with few voices, no noise, no commuters, secret human karma
should be done. suitable for seclusion sat alone went out alone, sat in
secret Rest, behave, maintain, maintain, heal alone. The Blessed One is
the preeminent person because There are no friends like this.

The Blessed One is the main person. Because of lust? Blessed One that he
is the only one who has no friends like this; Phra Maha Phathan is at
the Bodhi Pi. On the banks of the Neranjara River, he swept away all
demons and demons that did not allow the masses. Passed away as a
careless race, gave up and put an end to the lusts only like the network
that allowed them to land, to linger in their emotions. . as realistic
as the spell lustful man as a friend leading to this and other beings,
for a long time, without compromising on pity. A monk knows this
punishment. know lust as Birthplace of Sorrow Therefore, he is free from
lust. Without clinging, mindful, one should spare himself. The Blessed
One is the preeminent person because of this lust. How is the Blessed
One as a person who is utterly devoid of lust? The Blessed One is the
preeminent person because of the meaning that One who is completely free
from sensuality. because His Majesty gave up his lust Then. He is the
preeminent person because he is completely free from anger, because he
has abandoned his anger. His Highness is a great person because of his
worth. being without ruler by one part because he was greedy. He was a
great person because he was a person who had no defilements. because He
had abandoned many of them. The Blessed One is the preeminent person
because of the meaning that How does one go along the Eternal Path? The
4 Satipatthana Foundations, the 4 Righteousness, the 4 Powers, the 5
Spirits, the 5 Strengths, the 5 Bojjhana, the 7 Noble Path, the
Eightfold Path is called the Ekayamaga Path (Dhamma is the path. the
passage of a single person (w). Blessed One The one who sees the Dhamma
is the ultimate part of the end of life, the one who graciously
supports. He knows the Path as the path of one and only one. The wise
have crossed before, will cross, and will bypass the void. with that
path. The Blessed One is the preeminent person because of the meaning
that He is the one who travels along the path in this way. The Blessed
One is the preeminent person because he is the wise one. enlightenment
which is enlightenment \*How\'s that great wisdom? Wisdom, panya,
panya-bala, dharma-viya-samphojga, vimang-sa, vipassana-sammaditthi, in
the Fourth Path are called Bodhi. that enlightenment The Enlightened One
that all body parts are not equal He attained enlightenment that all
sankharas are suffering, that all dhammas are self-enlightened, that
because ignorance is a factor, there are sankharas, etc., enlightenment.
Because birth is a factor, there is aging and death, he knows that
because of ignorance, sankhara is extinguished, etc. Because of birth,
old age and death is extinguished, he attains enlightenment. that this
is the cause of suffering, this is the enlightenment, this is the
cessation of suffering, this is the enlightenment

cessation of suffering, enlightenment, enlightenment, this is cessation,
enlightenment, this cessation, enlightenment, enlightenment I have
reached the cessation of taints, I know that these things should be
fully realized, that these things should be established, I know that
these things Enlightenment that these dharmas should be developed,
enlightenment, that these dharmas should bring enlightenment and
destruction. Punishment and devises of emancipation of contact; 6
enlightenment of birth, cessation, virtues and delusions of cunning; 5
enlightenment of birth, cessation, virtues, and delusions. Released from
the Four Great Elementals, enlightenment that any thing naturally
arises. All things have a natural extinction. another The Blessed One
has attained enlightenment, specific enlightenment, complete
enlightenment, right enlightenment, attainable, specific, right,
enlightened. which the dharma that should be enlightened should only
enlighten should be fully enlightened, should be attained, should be
right, should be enlightened with that knowledge. One who is enlightened
with such great enlightenment. attained the joy that the Blessed One
attained, attained only, was right, made known The delight in the
Nekkhamma, the delight in the solitude, the joy in the peace, the
delight in the enlightenment, hence the name is the person, the supreme
person, attaining delight. because of that Phra Sariputra said: The
Blessed One who has eyes is evident to the world and to the gods. The
Blessed One eliminated all darkness. being the main person attained joy.

[892] We have a desire with a problem and therefore come to that Lord
Buddha, who is not dependent, who is steadfast, who does not deceive who
came to be a teacher of many people which is due to this religion. On
the name of the Buddha
[893] The name is Buddha. I am a monk no one is
a teacher the enlightenment of the truths himself, in all the dharmas
which he had never heard before. He attained enlightenment because of
that enlightenment. and he is an expert in all dharmas He is called the
Buddha because he has the enlightenment of all truths. because of the
meaning that let the animals become enlightened. Because it is a
omniscient. because I am a person See all Dharma. because he is the one
who knows the best because he is a Beki because he is the one who has
lost his taint; because he has no defilements; because he is a Free from
sensuality by only one part. Because of the view that he is completely
free from anger. Because of the view that he is completely free from
delusion. Because of the view that he is a person who has no defilements
in one part. because of the point of view that he was a person who went
along the Eternal Path. because he was the only one who attained
enlightenment Excellent. Named as the Buddha because except ignorance
because he only gained knowledge, the name

This Buddha, Mother, Father, Blessed One, Bhikkini, Friend, Amatya,
Relatives, Recluses, Brahmins, Devas do not honor the name of Buddha as
Vimok Khantik. The name (the name is in Arahatship in the order of the
Arhat Path) is a commandment of truth. (The commandment that arises
because of the obvious action which Arahatship and all dharmas) together
with attaining enlightenment at the state of Bodhipruek. of the
Enlightened Blessed Ones, hence the name that the Lord Buddha. For
example, the dependence of craving 1, the dependence of views 1. What is
the dependence of craving? Objects that make a territory, a territory, a
division, a division, determine, take hold of ours. By how much is the
part of lust? Our commitment which objects are estimated only this of us
our thing Approximately this is ours, our things are approximately this:
form, sound, smell, taste, touch, coat, clothing, paint, slaves, goats,
sheep, chickens, pigs, elephants, lanna, lands. ni Thong Ban Nikhom
Ratchathani, Wan Khwae, Rural, Chang, Treasury belong to us. Our
Responsibility even the whole mainland The ability of craving as well as
lust and perversion 108 This is called the dependence of craving. What
is the dependence on the view? Thimi-material, 20-micha-ditthi-material,
ten-antaka-hika-ditthi, ten- *ditthi matter, going is ditthi. Overgrown
is Ditthi the drought is ditthi The thorn is the view, the struggle is
the view. The components are viewpoint, hold, clinging, clinging,
clinging to the wrong way, wrongdoing. Respecting the wrongful pursuit
of perversion perversion, misconception, absolute As to what is true in
what is not true, sees like this, and how much view 62 is there, this is
called the dependence on views. The Enlightened One giving up lust
Giving up is relying on views. because he renounced his desire seeks to
relinquish its existence through views. The Exalted One does not rely
does not rely on entangled, inaccessible, not enamored, not presumptuous
to be a speaker Rong went out to renounce Not related to eye, sota,
ghana, chihuaha, body, mind, form, sound, smell, taste, touch
(Dharmamon), family, abbot, fortune, yos, Sansern, Suk, robes, alms,
senasana , kilan- pharmacokinetics factor, Kamathat* , form Element,
non-formal element, kamma-imposition, non-formal, non-formal,
non-formal, non-formal, non-formal, non-conceptual,
neve-na-na-na-na-na-p-p, euk-vokarnpapp, quadrupp-panchavokarnpapp,
past, future, present, visible form, sound. hear Known emotions
enlightened nature He was a person who had a mind without the realm of
defilements. therefore hence the name that Lord Buddha is a person who
does not live. constant that the Blessed One is called He is stable by
the five symptoms, that is, he is stable in the Thamon and Anittharom 1
are steadfast because they have renounced 1 are steadfast.

because of the view that it has passed 1 is stable because of the view
that it has passed 1 is the person who is stable because of the
expression which that particular Dharma 1. How is the Blessed One who is
stable in the Attharam and Anittharam? Blessed One Being a stable person
even in good fortune Even in the ranks, in the ranks, in the ranks even
in praise Even in gossip, even in happiness, even in all b. If people
should caress one side of the Lord Having a Blessed One with incense,
one should scoff at one side well. The Blessed One does not have any
It\'s bad to snipe with that knife. The Blessed One, having abandoned
joy and sorrow, has forsaken sorrow and sorrow, has stepped on pleasure.
and wrath is gone. The Blessed One is said to be the one who is constant
in the foundations and the Anandas. In this situation. The Blessed One
is said to be the one who is stable because of the meaning. How have you
given up? The Blessed One renounces, renounces, renounces, renounces
lust, hatred, delusion, anger, anger, negligence, equality, envy,
stinginess, deceit, greed. Relentlessness, good competition, arrogance,
contempt, drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all corruption, all
anxiety. all the rage all trouble All unwholesome deeds, the Exalted
One, the Blessed One, is the one who is stable because he has given up.
Thus, the Blessed One is called Peng. people who are stable because of
the view that How have you crossed over? The Blessed One has crossed,
that is, crossed up, stepped on, well stepped on, well past the
Kaka-Okha Bhava-Gha. thi thiokha avijja- \*Okha and the canal of all
pity. The Exalted One was finished. He has done his conduct and has gone
a long way. has reached the direction It\'s finally done. He has
preserved his virginity. His Highness has attained Having developed the
Path, the defilements have been abandoned, there has been a constant
stabbing, there has been a manifestation of nirodha. The Blessed One
determines suffering, abandons Samutaya, develops the Path, makes it
clear. declare nirodha He knows the Dharma that should be known. He
decreed the dharma that should be known. abandoning the virtues that
should be avoided His Highness should prosper He made clear the Dharma
that should be made clear. the Blessed One He withdrew the ignorance
that was like Carved it out, he took the karma which was like a crap,
and then removed his lust as a serendipity. There is no benefit as a
door leaf. being far from lust has a point the fallen flag Having laid
down the burden, there is an unrelated yogic defilement, having
abandoned the five bodies, and is composed of the six entities, with
mindfulness, virtue, preservation, and healing. The Dharma is the fourth
aid, there is a specific view that has been alleviated. There is a
relentless pursuit of relentlessness, virtuous, unsullied. having a
suspended body have a clear mind have already lost their wisdom being a
person of fullness The virginity is over. being the supreme man, the
supreme man of the attainment in particular. I do not believe and
survived, unable to sew sewn and cannot survive. Cannot be extinguished
and live. He exists because he is one who possesses the virtues of
samadhi, wisdom, wisdom, vimuttikhan, and vimuttinyan.

\*Thantakan is Ng Asekha, stabbed throughout the Noble Truth, and then
this lusts, then it exists. Extinguish the passion and live because
there is no need to take over the top of Chai and live in the narcissism
To live with compassion, kindness, mudita, pure equanimity. live with
Innocent holiness exists in being who is not hardened by lust. holiness
exists because he is the ear I escape from existence because I live in
the circumference of the khandha, the element, the ayatana, the motto,
the motto, the precepts, the patindhi, the world, the pity and the
watta. in the world that finally exists to live in a state that has
finally preserved the body which has in its glory . the Blessed One This
world is the most Having this existence later, not having a nation Death
and no pity for the new life. The Blessed One\'s name is constant
because he has crossed over, like this. Must be a constant person
because of the view that How did it end? the mind of the Lord The
Blessed One is freed, wonderful, freed, freed from lust, hatred, and
delusion. Anger, wrath, reproach, equality, envy, stinginess, deceit,
boastfulness, stubbornness. Good rivalry, arrogance, contempt,
drunkenness, negligence, all defilements, all corruption. all the
restlessness All the rage, all the trouble, all the trouble All good
deeds The Blessed One is said to be the one who is stable because of the
likeness that it is over. because His Highness expressed that Dharma?
The Blessed One is said to be steadfast because he shows that he is
virtuous when the precepts are present. The name is constant. because he
said be a believer When faith exists. He is called a stable person
because His Highness shows. He is said to be a virtuous person when
virtuous exists. He is called a stable person because he has shown that
he is mindful. When mindfulness exists, it is called a person who is
steadfast because His Highness has shown that he is meditating. Samadhi
exists. It\'s called He is stable because His Highness is an intelligent
person. Wisdom when Wisdom exists. It is said to be stable because He
shows that he is one who has three knowledge when Wijja exists. He is
called a stable person because he has shown that He is possessed of the
six Apinyas when Apinya exists. He is called steadfast because he has
shown that he has ten physical strength when physical strength is
present. The Blessed One is called Peng, who is stable because he
manifests that Dharma in this way. The fixed person. on three objects of
deceit
[896] called one who does not deceive in the word one who does
not deceive who came as a teacher It has been described that three
objects of deceit are objects of deceit, which is said to be the use of
factors 1, the object of deception. 1. The object of deceit is said to
be illicit. What are the factors? householders in this world

Minimizes the monks with robes, alms, senasana and khilana factors of
pharmaceutical medicine. The bhikkhu has obscene desires that dominate.
There is a need for robes, alms, senas, and kilan. Pharmacy factors
depend on the desire to obtain. The King said to return the Senasana
robes for alms. and Kilan Factor Pharmacist. Saying this, what benefit a
monk with a robe is worth is that the monk collects old clothes from the
forest. It is appropriate to use a monk\'s altar or a market shop. What
benefit is given to monks with alms? It is very valuable. The conclave
attainment of life with a lump of rice obtained from the stalks By
conduct, what is it appropriate to seek? Priests with great value The
monk\'s presence at the foot of the tree Live in the cemetery or in the
open. What is the benefit to the clergyman with the valuable medicinal
factor? that a monk should make medicine with rotten sputum or a piece
of an anchor is appropriate. It was very difficult, so he wore a
sorrowful robe. I\'m alms in the sorrow The sorrowful narcissist and I
am the sorrowful apothecary factor. The householders have seen that
monk. Knowing this that the clergyman for those with little desire A
secluded person who enjoys seclusion, does not get along well with a
group of people who prescribe perseverance, eloquence, and enlighten her
defilements, the more they invoke her with robes, alms, senas, kilan,
pharmacological factors. The monk said: because it coincided with three
reasons, the believing child also experienced a lot of merit, that is,
because it coincided with faith 1 because *it coincided with the Thai
Dharma 1 because it All of you who have this faith, have this Thai
Dharma, the whole ego is the sixth veneration (the glorified one), if
the ego does not accept it. All of you will be depleted of merit. The
ego has no need for this factor. However, I will accept it with your
grace. Do you remember Demi? But then the monk received many robes,
received many alms, received many alms, received many kilan-
necessities* of medicine. crumpled face rudeness, deceitfulness,
deceitful behavior Being deceitful, in this way, is called the object of
deceit. What does the object of deceit say with gestures? Some monks in
this Dharma and Discipline lustful the desire to dominate wishing to be
glorified, thinking that the community will glorify us tactics like this
So he sat down, sat down, sat down, sat down, walked, walked, sat down,
sat down, acted like a monk, sat meditation. act like a monk sleeps in
meditation and act like a bhikkhu who prospering in the Abākakhana
(prospering Jhāna in the presence of human beings). intention, action,
posture, crumpled face The humiliation, deceit, deceitful behavior,
deceitfulness, deceitfulness, this is called the object of deceit. S.A.
The object of deceit is said by speaking in a similar fashion. Why? Some
monks in the Dharma This discipline has a lewd desire that the desire to
dominate has the purpose of praising the case, that the community will
glorify us in this way. Saying that is based on the noble dharma, that
is to say that any recluse wears such a robe, that ascetic is dignified.
If any monk made an alms bowl like this ... a metal vessel like this ...

This kind of Dhammakorn ... wears a water robe like this ... holds a key
like this ... wears shoes like this ... don\'t use a prop for tying the
body. This \... using the alms bowl line like this, the monk has
dignity. Administrative office Who has a pastor like this? There are
teachers like this ... There are peers like this ... There are teachers
like this ... There are friends like this ... There are people like this
... There are those who come together like this ... There are comrades
like this ... The recluse is very holy. Such things...in this
one-striped house...in this castle...in this one-lining house. Kalon
like this ... in this cave ... in this secret ... in this kudi ... in
this A canopy like this ... in a barn like this ... in a roundhouse like
this ... in a barn (canopy) like this ... In the congregational pavilion
like this ... in the stupa like this ... at the foot of the tree like
this ... the ascetic is sacred. On the other hand, monks are
indifferent, crumpled, deceitful, deceitful, deceitful, and praised by
others with their prestige. that this monk Seeing such a wealth, such a
monk would say such words. which is restored by the secular dharma and
the mysterious nirvana Do not hide. crumpled with a crumpled face,
deceit, deceitful behavior, deceitful deceit This is called the object
of deception. It is said by speaking like d. These three objects of
deceit that the Blessed One attained enlightenment, cut off, calmed,
quelled, causing it not to arise, burned by the fire of insight;
therefore, the Enlightened One Therefore, it is called one who does not
deceive, therefore one who does not deceive. on the Buddha as a teacher
The name is Kanee because it is said that there is a group. as a teacher
It\'s called Kanee because of its meaning. is a teacher of the faculty
His name was Kane because he was administering. The faculty\'s name is
Peng. Kani because he taught the faculty His Highness taught the
faculty. It\'s called a case because of its meaning. His Highness had
the valor to enter the It\'s called a case because of its meaning. The
delegation listened well to him. listen up to set the mind for
knowledge. His Highness also dismissed the group from unwholesomeness.
to be located only in Charity is the name of the sect of the sect. A nun
is called a nun. A nun is a nun. A nun is a monk. A nun is a nun. The
name is the case of the royal faculty. It\'s called the Council of the
Kings. It\'s called the Council of Brahmins. The name is the case of the
Faculty of Sex. It\'s called the sorcerer\'s sorcerer. It\'s the
sorcerer\'s name. It\'s called the Kana of the Brahma faculty. Blessed
One being a group There came a group of teachers, coming in, coming in,
getting ready, who was ready, who was sang-kassa, hence the name of
those who did not. defraud The visitor is a teacher.
[898] The word
\"many\" in the word \"many\", which in this religion means king,
brahmin, pai, sudara, Hats, monks, devas, human beings.

The word continuum means to be a consequence, having a continuation of
behavior as a person. cultivating as a disciple, hence the name of the
mass due to this religion.
[899] The word \'I want\' comes with a
problem. With the problem already, we have the desire to ask the
problem. We wish to will listen to the problem Even for this reason,
therefore, therefore, we have a desire with a problem. On the other
hand, the coming, the specific advancement, the approaching, the
approaching, sitting, should be available to those who have a need for a
certain reason. Problem Questioner A person who wants to listen to a
problem, even for this reason, therefore, we have a desire. Seize the
problem, so come. On the other hand, the magic (sutra) of His problems
exists, He is the fighter. able to answer this question with me be his
burden Even for this reason, as follows, therefore, we have a desire
with a problem. because of that Thera Sariputra then said: I have a wish
with a problem. therefore came to the Lord Buddha Non-resident deceive
the person who came to be the teacher of the group much which is due to
this religion.
[900] When a monk hates Possessing empty seats, raids,
cemeteries, or seats in the caves of the Banpots. on the conduct of
monks
[901] The word when the monk in the word when the monk hates It
means that when a monk who is therefore Therefore it is called when a
bhikkhu dwells, the word hate is hatred, detested, dejected, fed up with
old age, mortality, soka paridevadaku, sorrow, upayas, suffering in
hell, suffering. in the birthright suffering in the vision human
suffering Suffering is born In the womb is the foundation of suffering
is established in the womb as the foundation having a miscarriage It\'s
a sad cause to follow an animal who is born in distress because of
another animal who is born in suffering Their striving and suffering
were born differently. the enthusiasm of the Suffering caused by
suffering (suffering in body and mind) suffering But sankharas suffering
from variability, suffering because of eye disease, because of ear
disease, suffering from nose disease. suffering from tongue disease
suffering from physical disease suffering from head disease suffering
from ear disease Suffering from oral disease, sickness, dental disease,
cough, asthma, influenza, botulism, diarrhea, epilepsy, dysentery,
colic, root disease, disease Leprosy, pox, eczema, leprosy, epilepsy,
scabies, scabies, warts, leprosy, yaws, hematoma, jaundice, jaundice,
diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, paralysis having good as a base
Pathology with sputum as a base Path with wind as a premise League of
Nations Illness comes from the changing seasons. Illness is born of
inconsistent management; Illness is born of obedience. Overwhelmed with
anger, only the calamity of karma, cold, heat, and hunger.

Thirst, pain in the stool, pain in urination, suffering from the touch
of mosquitoes, wind, sun and reptiles suffer because their mothers die.
I was sad because my father died, I was sad because my brother died.
Suffering because sister and sister died. Suffering because of father.
Suffering because of the death of a daughter, because of the calamity of
relatives, mourning for the calamity of wealth, suffering for the
calamity of birth, but sickness because of the calamity of morality.
suffering because of the calamity of view, therefore it is called when a
monk hates it. The seat is a bed, a seat, a mattress, a mat, a piece of
leather, a grass slope. leaf slope machine The sloping machine is called
a seat. Here it sits empty, empty, silent from the uncomfortable sight
of form, empty, empty, silent from the sound of uncomfortable hearing,
etc. Empty, quiet, quiet from the five of you. not feeling well When a
bhikkhu is always taking, consuming, consuming, consuming, consuming
only in that seat Therefore, it is said that when a monk eats an empty
seat,
[903] \"Rukkhun Mun, cemetery\" means \"Rukkhun\" is the root of
a tree, and the cemetery is a forest. m Therefore, it is called tomb
raids.
[904] The word or seat in the caves of the Banpots means:
Banpot is the mountain, Kandra is the niche, Kirikuha is the cave in the
mountain. The mountains of the mountains are called \"between
mountains,\" hence their name, or the seat of the caves of the
ancestors. Therefore, Sariputra, the Elder, asked: when a monk hates
Possessing empty seats, burial grounds, cemeteries, or seats in the
caves of the Banpots. because there was emotion terrifying so that the
monks should not be shaken in the bed without a sound Concerning low and
high mattresses
[906] High and low in the high and low mattresses High
and low are evil, good and evil. Senasana. is a sanctuary with a single
bar roof The bald house and the cave are called mattresses in the word
mattress, therefore hence the name sleeping high and low
[907] The
word cries is in the word monks cry. Because there was a terrifying and
terrifying emotion that a monk called and called Banlue. In other words,
how many fearful emotions are there, and how much are there? How much is
set, how much is there Bears, leopards, wolves, cattle, buffaloes,
elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, thieves, evil deeds. or a
person who prepares to do evil deeds

Therefore it is called a bhikkhu who sings because there is such a
terrifying emotion.
[908] Terrifying temperament, in the word that
causes a monk not to be moved, meaning that a monk has seen or heard the
sensation Which of these terrifying which caused the monks not to
shaken, unaffected Not terrified, not terrified, not terrified, not
afraid, not afraid, not cowardly, not afraid, not afraid, not fleeing,
not neglectful. fear of terror without hairs, therefore it is called,
which causes no bhikkhus to be shaken.
[909] The word in the other
berth does not sound loud, it means that in lesser seats. without noise
without traffic collisions It is the secret karma of mankind, worthy of
escaping, therefore it is called in the bed that sits undamaged. Because
of this, the Elder Sariputra asked: In the lofty and low beds the monks
cry. because there was emotion terrifying so that the monks should not
be shaken in the bed which has no rumbling sound.
[910] When a bhikkhu
goes to a direction that has never been A bhikkhu should suppress any
dangers in a secluded seat. How many dangers are there in the world?
concerning two dangers
[911] How many are there in the world, how many
dangers are there in the world, equal? How much profit, how much, how
much, how much, how much. It\'s called dangerous. There are two types of
dangers, namely, apparent dangers, 1 hidden dangers, 1. Why does the
danger appear? Lions, tigers, yellow tigers, bears, leopards, wolves,
cattle, buffaloes, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, thieves,
people who do evil deeds. Eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue
disease, body disease, head disease, ear disease, mouth disease, tooth
disease, cough, asthma, influenza, influenza, lethargy, stomach disease,
wind disease. Anesthesia, dysentery, colic, root disease, leprosy, pox,
eczema, leprosy, epilepsy, scabies, warts, leprosy, leprosy Hemorrhagic
jaundice, jaundice, diabetes, herpes, impetigo, hemorrhoids, diabetic
malformations, sputum malformations Path with wind as a premise
Afflictions League Disorders arise, but the seasons change. Illness is
caused by inconsistent management. Affliction only arises from
perseverance. The affliction comes from the calamity of karma, cold,
heat, hunger, thirst, pain in the stool, pain, urination, the feeling of
residual. Heatstroke and these dangerous reptiles are known as Danger
appears. What is the hidden danger? Corrupt body, corrupt speech,
corrupt conscience Uttajakkukkujanuran Wichikika Niranha, sensuality,
anger, hatred, anger, anger, dishonesty, hypocrisy, envy, stinginess,
manners, boasting.

stubbornness, good competition, arrogance, contempt, drunkenness,
negligence, all defilements, all corruption. all the restlessness All
the rage, all the troubles, all the agony, all the sorrows *. These
hazards are known as concealed hazards. called \"dangerous\" because of
what Therefore it is called dangerous because it possesses. that it is
dangerous because it is an address of all unwholesome virtues. Because
of how they dominate? It\'s called dangers that dominate, suppress,
oppress, overwhelm, eradicate, crush that person. Because of the point
of being possessed in this way, it is called dangerous. those dangers
would lead to deterioration for the destruction of all merits. Those
dangers are likely to deteriorate. For the dangers of these virtuous
dharmas? Those dangers are possible. to decay for the disappearance of
these wholesome qualities, which is right practice proper practice The
practice is not an enemy. The practice is based on benefits. Dharma
practice is suitable for dharma. perfection in the precepts Protection
of the anal in the organic, knowledge of moderation in nutrition.
frequent composition in being awakened, mindful, frequent activities in
the development of the four foundations of mindfulness, frequent actions
In the development of the four symposiums, the frequent practice In the
development of the 4th power, the regular practice in organic growth 5
In the development of physical strength, 5 routine activities In the
development of Bojjong 7, the frequent activities In the development of
the Noble Eightfold Path, those dangers lead to decline. for the
hypocrisy go to these virtuous dhammas. Therefore, it is called
dangerous. Because it is the dwelling place of all unwholesome
qualities. Therefore it is called dangerous, unwholesome - those*
obscene dhammas arise in that state. live in the self like animals That
dwells in holes, dwells in water, dwells in the water. As the forest
dwells in the forest, where the slender tree dwells, those filthy
unwholesome virtues happens in the The image is self-contained.
Therefore, because it is the address of the sprout All these virtues are
called dangerous. Indeed, as the Blessed One has said, monks, the monks
who live with the defilements that reside within, coexist with the
lavish defilements. It is difficult to do. When all the monks are
cooked, they are monks. Those who live with the passions that live
within, co-exist with the distracted passions. How is it that you are in
trouble and not well? Bhikkhus, the filthy unwholesome qualities have
wandered in a favorable mood. would happen to a monk in this Dharma and
Discipline. because he saw a picture with his eyes Those filthy
unwholesome qualities linger in that monk. for this reason That bhikkhu
is called one who lives with defilements. dwelling within those obscene
unwholesome dharmas the monk because

Therefore, the monk called the word coexist with distracted passions.
Another obscene unwholesome There is a passion for emotion. Support for
gas and benefit, because of hearing with the ear \... because of
smelling with the nose \... because of the taste with the tongue \...
because of the rightly touching with the body will dwell in the interior
of the monks That is why such a bhikkhu is called a person who lives
with defilements. reside within the unwholesome Those lewds are
horrifying. That bhikkhu is therefore called a bhikkhu who dwells in
defilements, who is distracted. unobtrusive passion living inside the
person You join with passion That distracted is not difficult to do. It
is cooked like this and therefore because it is the place of All these
unwholesome dharmas Therefore it is called dangerous. as true as the
Blessed One had said: Bhikkhus, these three things are unclean inwardly,
unfriendly inwardly. an internal enemy To be an executioner within, an
enemy within, what are these three things? That is, greed, unclean
within ... enmity within, wrath, unclean within ... enemy within,
delusion, unclean within. internally friendly an internal enemy is an
internal assassin an internal enemy Monks, these three things are
unclean within. internally friendly An internal enemy, an internal
slayer, an internal enemy. the Blessed One, the Blessed One Having
finished speaking this proverb, he continued to chant, saying: greed for
things that are not useful Greed causes the mind to aggravate, greed is
a danger that arises within. A bully does not feel it. That. The greedy
person doesn\'t know the meaning. A person who is greedy does not see
the Dharma; greed dominates the people at any moment, there is a shallow
darkness at that moment. Wrath on things that are not useful cause
wrath. still have the mind to start Anger is a danger that arises
within. The bully would not feel that danger. An angry person is
ignorant. An angry person does not see righteousness, anger dominates
the people at any moment, humility is present at that moment. .rulers
also what It is not beneficial to the Determination of delusion is a
danger that arises within, a foolish man does not feel that danger. The
deceitful person does not know the meaning; the deceitful person does
not see the Dhamma; at any moment the obsession with the people Darkness
was low at that moment. Because it was the dwelling place of all
unwholesome things, it was called danger. The region has said that, look
at the three dharmas, and when born up in the interior of the great man
up for not benefiting For suffering, for the sake of not being happy,
what are the three dharmas? Well, when greed arises in the inner man, up
for not

benefits for suffering Being unhappy when born up in the interior of the
great man It happened for the benefit of the welfare, the suffering, the
misfortune. Determination when born in the interior of a man arises not
to destroy benefit For the sake of suffering, for the sake of
non-existence, see these three dharmas, and when born up in the interior
of the great man up for not benefiting for suffering, for the sake of
not having a good time. Having finished speaking this proverb, he spoke
the spell. He continued to write that Greed, hatred and delusion arise
in the self a man with a lewd mind like bamboo shoots therefore dispose
of bamboo. because it is the dwelling place of all unwholesome
qualities. Therefore it is called dangerous. It is true, as the Blessed
One has said, that lust and hatred are the cause. Born of this self, not
happy with merit, but happy with your sensual pleasures. cause
goosebumps Sin has been an anxiety in the heart since this self. and
then bound his mind like a dwarf raven at his feet. because it is the
dwelling place of all unwholesome qualities. Therefore it is called
dangerous. The word in the world is in the human world, therefore Hence
how many dangers there are in the world. concerning the direction that
no one has gone (immortal nirvana)
[912] The word when a bhikkhu goes
to a direction that has never been, immortal nirvana is peace, all
faculties, renunciation. night All things, the cessation of craving, the
cessation, the cessation of Lust is a ligature. It\'s called a direction
that I\'ve never been to. a direction that has not been traveled for a
long time name of direction never been there. A person should support a
container of oil Just as the mouth was full, there was no rest. yo kao
when longing for a direction that has never been So one should keep his
mind regularly. When a bhikkhu goes, he goes to a direction he has never
been to, therefore it is called when a bhikkhu goes to a direction he
has never traveled.
[913] The word that a monk should suppress these
dangers means that a monk should suppress, dominate, limit, drive away,
and instigate such dangers. Therefore, a monk should suppress these
dangers. Whatever.
[914] The word in the bunk, the secluded seat means
that in the bunk bed, the secluded seat is the uttermost, the uttermost,
the uttermost. chong stone mountain is the end of the forest Is it the
end of the water or the part the end of the river It is a place where he
does not plow, does not sow, is not the facilitator of human beings.
Therefore, it is called in a bed that sits in a quiet place. Therefore,
Sariputra, the Elder, asked, When a monk goes to a direction that has
never been A bhikkhu should suppress any dangers in a secluded seat. How
many dangers are there in the world?
[915] When a monk is trained How
should you be a person who has a canal of words? be

How do people revolve in this religion? How should one be a person with
morals and observances?
[916] The word that you should be a person How
do you try the words? Asked about the purity of the speech that a monk
should be a composer of a canal of speech. How are they maintained, what
are their types, and what are their advantages? on the purity of speech
purity of speech Why? A bhikkhu in this Dharma and Discipline is
ignorant of A lie is speaking the truth, keeping the truth, having a
firm word, having a word of faith. Can be held without speaking to make
a mistake old world verb is a person who is absent from Pisanu. The word
is to listen from here and not go over there. to destroy this group or
heard from over there did not come and tell this group of people to
destroy those people to be in harmony with different people; to
encourage people to be in unison; to be in harmony; to rejoice in people
who are in unison. have joy Enjoying the person who speaks in unison
which made him in harmony with Dua Laparusva is the one who abstains
from pursuing speech, that is, saying words that do not The beautiful
punishment is the place of love that reaches the heart as the words of
the townspeople. that people are very satisfied with one who is absent
from touching, that is, speaking at the proper time, speaking the truth,
speaking on the meaning, speaking on the Dharma, speaking on the
discipline, saying that the word is evidence, there is a reference. to
the fullest, consisting of timely benefits is a person who has 4
speeches without punishment, 4 abstains, excludes, is absent, is
isolated, does not consist of 32 things A person whose mind is free from
the boundary of defilement will say ten objects: Appichatha,
Santuthikatha, Pavivekatha, Assakkatha, Viriyaram. Phrakatha Silakatha
Concentration Katha Wimuttiktha Vimuttinyan Tasanakatha Says
Satipatthana Thaktha Concluding Scriptures, Ethics and Ethics, Eagles,
Practitioners, Blessings, Paths, Paths, Results, Nirvana, Practitioners,
Practitioners, Practitioners, Protection, Governance, Preservation,
Verbal Care This is called the purity of speech. A monk should be a
member of the This purity of speech is therefore called, how should you
be the one who has the canal of speech?
[917] Words that you should be
a fool How does one orbit in this religion? The Elder asked about the
cycle, what kind of orbit should such a bhikkhu be composed of? How are
orbits maintained, what are their types, and what are their advantages?
Orbit exists, orbits exist. Regarding orbit, what is an orbit? Some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline being a woman Some prostitutes
orbit, some orbit, some orbit, some orbit, some orbit, some orbit, some
orbit, some orbit. Some are orbiters Some are orbiters Some are orbiters
There are some nuns orbiting. Some people have a liquor store orbiting.
mingled with the kings, the greats of the kings, the deities, the
disciples of Dayi. Incidentally, some clans have no faith, are not
transparent, do not become like a pond, often do. often steppe Focus on
discomfort, focus on insecurity.

From the yogic defilements to the monks, nuns, upasakas, upasikas,
bhikkhus who snuggle, associate with the family they saw that way. This
is called orbit. another A bhikkhu enters the neighborhood, walking
along the road, uncomfortably walking, that is, looking at elephants,
looking at horses, looking at cars, looking at footmen, and so on. Look
at women, look at men, look at the pediatrics, look at the kumaris, look
at the market square, look at the porch, look above, look down, look in
the south. jj walks Even this is called orbit. On the other hand, a
bhikkhu sees a form with his eyes, holds visions, holds consonants. One
does not practice for the communion of the Chakhuntree, which, when
unconsolidated, would cause the obscene unwholesome Dhamma, that is, to
dominate, to dominate Chakhuntria. Rey refers to the uncomprehension of
knowledge, etc., to enlighten the Dharma by heart, to hold visions, to
hold consonants. would not practice for inorganic consolidation that,
when not consolidated, should cause another obscene unwholesome dharma
Abhijha and sorrow dominate that does not preserve the inorganic. to the
incompatibility in the inorganic Yet, like this, it is better than
orbiting. On the other hand, it is just as if some monks, ascetics and
brahmins, have the food they give. with faith, persevere to watch the
play of the enemy Such merits are: dancing, driving, fantasizing,
dancing, etc., storytelling, applause, gongs, xylophones, movies, beggar
songs, troupes, and funeral performances. Chang, horse race, buffalo
crash, cattle collide, collide, cockfight, partridge, swordfighting,
boxing, wrestling, battle, troop inspection, troop arrangement, army,
Samana Brahmin some guys Struggling to watch an enemy play to a charity
sees it like this. Even this is called orbit. Even the five kammas are
called Orora. Indeed, as the Blessed One said, bhikkhus, you should not
wander in another realm, which is orbiting. look at the monks They
traveled to other territories which were orbits. Mara gains a channel,
gains a feeling, monks, what is the other realm which is the path of a
monk? is a form that should be known by the eye Desirable, pleasing,
pleasing, lustful, which consists of sensual pleasures, is the setting
for the desire of the elder. to know by ear, smell to be known by nose,
to taste to be known by tongue. A touch that should be enlightened by
the body, that is desirable, pleasing, pleasing, loving, composed of
sensual pleasures. is the location of desire look at the monks This is
what we call another land. It is the cycle of monks. Even this is called
orbit. How is it orbiting? In this Dharma and Discipline, a bhikkhu is
not a man with a prostitute, not a man with a widow, not a virgin. It\'s
an orbit, not a fool school orbit is not a person who has orbiting a nun
Not a person who has a liquor store in orbit not mingling with kings the
great lords of the kings of the Deaths, the disciples of Dayi
inappropriately mingle with the householder. In addition, some families
have faith like a pond Prosperous with the robes of Savannah, a place to
walk in and out of the monks who seek prosperity and benefit focus on
comfort Freedom from yogic defilements for monks, nuns, upasakas,
upasikas, bhikkhus.

Infatuated with infatuation, contact with the family saw that. This is
called orbit. another A bhikkhu enters the neighborhood, walks along the
road, is a monk walking, that is, Maijae looks at an elephant, does not
look at horses, does not look. car, does not look at pedestrians, etc.,
does not look in the big direction Even this is called orbit. another A
bhikkhu sees a form with his eyes and does not Visions that do not hold
consonants, etc., are synonymous with inorganics. Even like this than
orbiting. Another thing is like that some monks and brahmins are
nutritious. which he has given in faith not bothering to watch the play
which is the enemy of this kind of merit, namely dancing, driving,
fanfare, etc. The army of monks is exempt from striving to watch the
warlike play. Charity sees like this Even this is called orbit. Even the
four foundations of mindfulness are called orbits. as true as the monks
The Blessed One said: Bhikkhus, you may wander in the land belonging to
your father, which is orbiting. When they wandered in the land of their
fathers, who were orbiting, the devil did not have a temper. Bhikkhus,
the realm belongs to his father, what is the path of the monks: the four
foundations of mindfulness, and what are the four foundations of
mindfulness? Here, bhikkhus, a bhikkhu is a bhikkhu who dwells
contemplating the body in the body, ardent, clearly comprehending,
mindful, eliminating covetousness and displeasure in the world.
Contemplating feelings in all feelings is one who contemplates the mind
in the mind. one who contemplates the dharmas in all dharmas, ardent,
clearly comprehending, and mindful, eliminating covetousness and The
sorrow of the world lingers. This is called the realm of the Buddha.
their own leadership, which is the cycle of the monks. Even so, it is
called orbiting. A bhikkhu should be a constituent of such orbits,
therefore Therefore, it is called How do people revolve in this
religion? Concerning morality and virtue
[918] How should one have
morals and observances? The Elder asked about The purity of the precepts
and the Dharma That monk should be a practitioner. how to do precepts
and observances, that is, by virtues and observances What types are
there and what are their advantages? What is the purity of precepts and
rituals? Some places are morals and observances, some are rituals but
not precepts. What are virtues and rituals? summed up In the Pātimokkha,
with the Ajara and orbiting, he sees the dangers of the lesser years,
meditates on all the precepts, prudence, caution, ignorance. In all
these precepts, this is morality. Reconciliation is called observance.
Because of the point of view, communion is called morality. Because of
the point of view, meditation is called Vatra. This is called Sila and
Vatra. Why is it a ritual but not a precept? The eight folds are: Aranyi
Ganggadanga, 1 Pindapatikadgga, 1 Pangsukulikadgga, 1 Tejewarikaggadga,
and 1 Saptanjarikanggadga. ก 1 Klu Phatcha Bhatti Kangkhadung 1 Nesajchi
Ganggadgga 1Yatasanti Ganggadgga This 1st thing is called the body. but
it is not a precept. perseverance It is called a ritual, not a
sacrament.

His will is left only skin, tendons, bones, until the flesh and blood of
the body dry up. what effect a man should attain through the strength of
a man by the strength of men by the perseverance of the man, by the
perseverance of the man Failure to achieve that result and then stop
striving will not exist. It is called a rite, not a precept. When the
arrow is our lust, we will not pluck, we will not eat, we will not
drink, we will not leave the temple, nor will we lean
[not sleep].
such persistence It is called a ritual, not a precept. supported the
intention that We will not destroy this throne until as long as our
minds will not be freed. all taints because they do not hold Thus, even
this kind of reconciliation and perseverance is called the body and not
the morality. Our mind will not be freed from all the taints because of
not holding on to it, so will not rise from this asana. Our minds are
still not freed from all taints Because we do not believe how much we If
he does not leave the temple, he will not leave the temple, will not
leave the temple. single bar roof will not leave the castle will not
leave the bald house will not leave the shed, will not leave the cave,
will not leave the hut, will not leave the canopy, will not leave the
fortress, will not leave the palace, will not leave the house There will
be no barriers from the maintenance pavilion, nor will it leave the
palace. will not leave the foot of the tree just like that. It is called
ngvat, not morality. In this morning time I will bring, I will bring, I
will come, I will attain, I will be right, I will enlighten the Noble
Dharma. also called as It is not a virtue. The bhikkhu puts his mind on
this at noon and at this evening. In this past time In the days after
this meal In this early In the latter In this summer, in this early age,
in the middle ages, and in this latter age, I will bring, I will bring,
I will achieve, I will be right, I will make it clear. The noble dharma,
even this kind of reconciliation and perseverance It is called a ritual,
not a morality. This is called the purity of the precepts and rituals. A
bhikkhu should be one who possesses the purity of precepts and rules,
therefore, how should you be a person who has morals and rules? on
self-training
[919] The word self-training is in the word, when a monk
is trained, it means perseverance. perseverance, perseverance,
steadfastness, did not change He does not set up business in the dharma
of the wholesome side. On the other hand, he who sends himself away is
the one whom the monk sends for his own benefit. In the Noble Way, in
the nature of cause, status and status, he sends himself that all
sankharas are not equal, that all sankharas are suffering, sends
himself: All dharmas are selfless, they go, saying that because
ignorance is a factor, there is sankhara, etc. They say that because
birth is a factor, there is old age and Death sent himself, saying that
because of ignorance, the body was extinguished, etc., he sent himself
that because of the death and old age, he had passed away.

Going, suffering, etc., going, going, going, going, going, going, going,
going, going, going, going, ending This leads to the cessation of
taints, submits oneself that these dhammas should be fully known, etc.
These dhammas should be made to propagate oneself to birth. cessation of
punishment and forgiveness eliminating the sixth sense of touch, leading
himself to the birth, the cessation, the punishment and the deviating
scheme. The five aggregates of clinging to the four great spirits send
oneself that something has a birth. normal that All of them are
naturally extinguished. \"When a bhikkhu means when a bhikkhu is a
gentleman or when a bhikkhu is a Sekha, therefore it is called when a
bhikkhu is trained. Therefore, Sariputra, the Elder, asked, When the
monks are trained How should you be a person who has a canal of words?
How should one be orientated in this religion? How should one be a
person with morals and observances?
[920] What is the bhikkhu who
meditates on? So he is concentrated, supremely Dharma, wise,
self-preserving, mindful, eliminating impurities. Their own is like a
goldsmith who removes the stigma of gold. Therefore, what is the three
precepts of meditation
[921]? Meaning that a bhikkhu abides, clings,
clings, clings to what sikkha? Therefore, what is the name of a bhikkhu
meditating? Concentrate on Dharma Ekphadu In the word, he is a person
who is meditative, has the wisdom to maintain one\'s self-consciousness.
The meaning of having a mind that is only emotional, having a mind that
is not distracted, has a mind that is not affected by bad emotions,
therefore it is called Concentrate on Dharma Ekphadu Up. The word wise
to maintain oneself means to be wise to maintain oneself as a wise man,
wise, knowledgeable, wise, enlightened. Wisdom to destroy passion. The
word mindful means having mindfulness for four reasons: a bhikkhu, when
he develops mindfulness, contemplates the body in the body. It is called
mindfulness. When one develops mindfulness, contemplating feeling in all
feelings, it is mindful when one develops. contemplation Seeing the mind
in the mind is called being conscious. Developing mindfulness and
contemplating the Dhamma in all dharmas is called mindfulness. That
bhikkhu is called mindfulness. The Elder asked about the precepts of the
monks, what did the monks do? Asked about Athhisikkha with the words A
meditative dharma emerged Asked about the wisdom of the Sikkha with the
word wisdom to protect oneself. Asking about the purity of mindfulness
with the word mindfulness. Therefore, what is the name of a monk who
meditates? this Wisdom to protect oneself, mindful. Concerning the
elimination of contamination
[922] The word to remove contamination
their own like a skilled goldsmith The defilement of gold, therefore,
means that a person who makes gold is called a goldsmith. Gold is called
gold. A goldsmith blows, eliminating the rough stigma of some gold
Blowing, eliminating the middle stigma of some gold Blow, chase, get rid
of the fine stigma of gold, so so too does a monk

to alleviate, to put an end to, to the point of nothing which their
rough desires some of one\'s middle defilements, some of their own
subtle defilements. another A monk blows away, eliminates, negates,
alleviates, puts an end to nothing. Their uncleanness is their lust,
hatred, devotion, mana, ditthi, defilements, corruption, which makes
them blind. causing no eye causing no intellect, intelligence, which is
in the sorrow of suffering, not to be a friend Phan. Another monk, Chom
Pao, eliminated. and alleviate it, bringing an end to nothingness.
Chaditthi with right sammā *sankappa deceitful with right speech which
Michakammanta with Samma-* Kammanta with right mindfulness, with right
mindfulness, without samadhi with the right concentration of the mind,
with the right insight, the unconscious mind with Samma Wimut. On the
other hand, a bhikkhu blows, banishes, eradicates, alleviates, puts an
end to the absence of all defilements, all defilements. all the
restlessness All the rage, all the trouble, All auspiciousness Because
of the Noble Eightfold Path, it is said that one should remove one\'s
uncleanness, like a goldsmith removes the impurities of gold. Venerable
Sariputra, the Elder, asked, \"What kind of precepts did the monks do?
Therefore, he is a meditative person. Pongonthamek pops up Wisdom to
protect oneself, be mindful to eliminate pollution. their own like a
goldsmith who removes the stigma of gold therefore.
[923] (The Blessed
One replied as follows: See Sariputra) I will talk about the well-being
and righteousness of a monk who hates people book a seat and a secluded
mattress one who wishes to bless you according to the story of
well-being
[924] The word hatred in the word well-being \... of a monk
who Hate means one who hates, who is uncomfortable, one who is tired of
birth, old age, pathology, death, soka, parideva, suffering, grief,
upayas, etc., suffering because of the calamity of views, therefore it
is called Those who hate. The word well-being means that we will say
well-being is well-being. What is the well-being? practice Practice is
reasonable, practice is not an enemy, practice is in accordance with
benefits, practice is right, is right for morality, perfection in all
precepts. All organic anal protectors Knowledge approximate in food
frequent composition In being awakened, mindfulness, the four
foundations of mindfulness, the 4 right knowledge, the 4 powers, the 5
physical strengths, the 5 Bojjangha, the 7 Noble Path, the 8 Nirvana and
the path leading up to it. This nirvana is called the void. hence the
name The well-being of a monk who hates D. Explains the word Bhagava

[925] The Blessed One replied thus: \"Look, Sariputta, the Blessed One

The Blessed One called the Elder by a different name. The word bhagava
is a symbol of respect. On the other hand, the word bhagava is because
it destroys sensuality. destroying anger destroying rulers destroyed
destroyed the view destroyed the splinter His Majesty destroyed the
passion. because His Majesty distinguishes, distinguishes, distinguishes
specific classification which Dharmaratana. because He has done all the
worlds. Because he has a trained body. have the precepts that have been
trained Has a trained mind, has cultivated wisdom. In addition, the
Blessed One worships the divine sanasana. copulation and dense forest A
quiet place with little voice, without a rumbling, without people
roaming around. It is a man\'s secret deed that deserves solitude, hence
the name. In addition, the Blessed One is involved. of the alms robes of
Senasana and Kilan factors Pharmacist, hence the name Phagava. In
addition, the Blessed One has the share of upholding precepts, spiritual
awakening, and intellectual wisdom, which has the taste, taste, and
liberty, hence the name verb. In addition, the Blessed One is involved
in the 4 Jhana. Four ignorances, four imperfections, hence the name
Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One As for Vimokkha 8, Abhidhana 8
(Jhana is the place of dominance) Anupubbhavihara- \*Samadhi 9, hence
its name. In addition, the Blessed One has a part in the ten
kasinasapati, ten anapanasati samadhi, and asupasamapati, hence the name
is the Bhagava. The cycle of satipatthana, the 4 samadhana, 4 power, 4
eagles, 5 strength, 5 Bojjhanga, 7 Noble Eightfold Paths, therefore
called the Supreme Being. As for the Tathagata Phalanana, 10
Vesarachayanana, 4 Patisamphida, 6 Apinya 6, Buddha Dharma, 6 Therefore
it is called the Bhagava. Recluses and brahmins, the devas, did not
honor the name Bhagava as a vimokkhantik name. (Names are in Arahatship
in the order of the Arhat Path) are the truths, commandments, together
with attaining enlightenment in the sphere of the Blessed One. preacher
All who have attained enlightenment, therefore called the Exalted One,
replied thus: See Korn Sariputra.
[926] The word abuser of seats and
mattresses It means that where the seat is the bed. Set up a mattress, a
leather mat, a grass slope, a leaf slope, a straw slope. It\'s called a
seat. Senasana is a sanctuary, a house with a single roof, a castle, a
bald-roofed house, and a cave are called mattresses. The bed and seat
were quiet, empty, and silent, from seeing the image was not
comfortable. From hearing unpleasant noises, etc., the solitude, the
solitude, from the five unadulterated qualities that are always
comfortable for a brothel. Reservations only for high-quality mattresses
and seats. Therefore it is known as the one who eats a seat and sits in
a quiet place. Concerning the samphodhi and the dharma worthy of
sambodhi
[927] the word one who desires sambodhi \... and which The
right Dharma means wisdom, wisdom, intelligence, wisdom, physical
strength, Dharma Wiyasamphojong Wisdom is a consideration for
introspection.

Sammaditthi in the Fourth Path is called Samphodhi. Those who wish to
attain enlightenment Desire to follow enlightenment Desire to achieve
specific enlightenment Desire for enlightenment Desire to achieve,
desire to be fulfilled, desire to make manifest Sambodhi. Therefore it
is called the one who desires sambodhi. What does the term dharma worthy
mean dharma worthy of bodhi? practice, like, proper practice The
practice is not an enemy. The practice is based on benefits. Dharma
practice is suitable for dharma. perfection in all the precepts
Protection of the anus In all organics, the knowledge of moderation in
nutrition frequent composition In being awakened, mindful, these things
are called dharmas worthy of Bodhi. On the other hand, Vipassana in the
introductory part of the Fourth Path is called the Dharma. worthy of the
Bodhi, hence the name Desire Samphodhi and which Dharma is appropriate

[928] That word in the word we will say \... is to you as you know
that Dharma is suitable for Bodhi. The word \"we shall\" means to speak,
clarify, express, decree, appoint, reveal, classify, shallow, preach.
The word, as we know it, is I. Knowing, knowing, knowing only, stabbing
all the time? to others that this dharma is as follows, this dharma is
as follows, not by textbooks, not by speculation. not by speculation not
by diagnosing symptoms not as worthy of one\'s own doctrine, therefore
it is said that \... that is to you as I know it. The Blessed One
replied, (The Blessed One replied as follows: See Sariputra) We will
talk about the the well-being and righteousness of a monk who hates
people book a seat and a secluded mattress A monk who is a noble person,
mindful, conducts the Dharma at the end of his life, is not afraid of
five dangers, namely: gadflies, stingers, reptiles touch only human and
the dangers of four-footed beasts. Concerning the noble bhikkhus
[930]
The word virtuous in the word, virtuous \... should not be afraid of the
five dangers. A wise man, a wise man, wise, enlightened, enlightened,
enlightened, wise to destroy undesirable defilements. trick Not to be
startled, not to be terrified, not to be scared, not to be concerned
about Terrified by the five dangers of being indifferent. The slope is
not shaken, not terrified, not escaping. One who has given up fear of
cowardice has no tyranny. Therefore, he is called a virtuous person.
\... Do not be afraid of the five dangers. The most important task is a
monk who is a gentleman. or a bhikkhu who is a Sekha, mindful means
having mindfulness for four reasons, namely, when cultivating
mindfulness, contemplating the body in the body. It\'s called sane. when
conscious

Pattana is contemplation of feelings in all feelings. It\'s called sane.
When cultivating mindfulness is contemplating Seeing the mind in the
mind is called being conscious. Developing the foundation of
mindfulness, that is, contemplating the Dharma in all dharmas, is called
mindful. A monk is called a mindful person. The Dharma is the ultimate
part of every word. say The conduct of the Dharma is the culmination of
four things: Dharma is the culmination of the cycle; The cycle is
organicsangvara 1 Dharma is the end of the cycle is Bhojanmattanyuta 1
Dharma is the end The cycle is Chakriyanuyoga 1. The Dharma is the end
of the cycle. Why is the sacrament of morality? Even with the master and
the orbit, he is a seer of the dangers of only a few, and has studied in
all the precepts. Considering the internal damage, the name of conduct
In the Dharma, the final part is the morality that is within, does not
destroy the precepts that are the boundary. This is called the Dharma.
Dharma is the final part, which is the organic nature. Why? In this
Dharma-discipline, a monk sees a form with the eye. and does not hold
the vision, does not hold the consonant Order to consolidate the
knowledge that when others Not included It should cause the unwholesome
qualities that are obscene, namely greed and despair, to dominate, to
protect Chakhuntree. It means comprehension in the knowledge of
Khuntree, listening with the ear, smelling with the nose, tasting with
the tongue, right, touching with the body with clarity. If you practice
with your mind and do not hold visions, do not take consonants, you will
act for the comprehension of inorganics that when you are not included
should cause unwholesome qualities that are lewd, namely covetousness
and Sadness reigns preserve inorganic Refers to the harmony in the
inorganic contemplating *atitita - preliminary preaching. It is said
that one acts in the Dharma as the ultimate part of the inner sanctuary,
not destroying the boundary of the eagle. This is called Thamma Peng.
The last part of the round is the organic sangworn. Dharma is the
culmination of what is bhojane mattanyuta? In this Dharma and
Discipline, a bhikkhu considers, by sly craftsmanship, to play, not to
play, not to be drunk, not to beautify, not to beautify me, to settle.
this body so that this body may be except for hardship of this body to
support him It is a miracle that we will heal the old feelings so that
new sorrows will not arise and our actions. our impunity Our well-being
will only be as follows: Consider food like oil for putting on the axle
of cloth wagons to cover wounds. and the flesh of the son (of a person
who travels in the wilderness) whose name is spoken in the Dharma at the
end of the round is Bhojanamat-* Nutjuta; The eye, which is the inner
boundary, is called the Dharma as the ultimate part, which is
Bhojnamatanya. Dharma is the final part, which is Chakriyanuyok. Why? A
monk in this Dharma and Discipline purifies the mind. purified from all
the dharmas that spread through walking and sitting all day will cleanse
the mind pure from all dharmas that are By walking and sitting
throughout the first night of the night, you have accomplished Siha
Saiya. (sleeping like a lion) on the right side, overlapping gray,
overlapping feet, color, comprehension

Heed the promise in the rise Throughout the middle of the night got up
purify the mind from all the dharmas that are preventing the spread by
walking and sitting throughout the last of the night to consider to the
existence of a person who has only one night to prosper The name of
conducting in the Dharma is the culmination of Chakriyanuyok. In the
interior, it does not destroy this boundary of Chakriyanuyok called Va.
The Dharma is the final part, the Chakriyanuyoga, therefore it is called
a bhikkhu \... having mindfulness and conducting the Dharma as the final
part. gadfly appearance, etc.
[932] yellow-eyed insects It is called a
gadfly in the word gadfly, a stinger, an animal, a reptile. It\'s called
a stump. Why is it that all flies are called slithering animals? Those
animals fly, swarm and eat, that is why they are called slithers. Snakes
are called slithers. animals he crawled, hence the name Vaj. A gadfly
stings a reptile.
[933] The word touches only humans. and the danger
of four-footed beasts, which means thieves, those who do evil deeds, or
those who prepare to do evil deeds are called words. Touch but humans.
Those humans should ask some questions. One should raise a monk\'s word,
and should be insulted, cursing, insulting, oppressing, oppressing,
persecuting, killing, entering to kill, or attempting to kill. It
affects one of the human beings. It is called touching but the human
being. The word \"four-footed animal\" means a lion, a tiger, a tiger.
Yellow tigers, bears, leopards, wolves, cows, buffaloes, elephants.
Those four-footed beasts should torment, eat, oppress, bully, oppress,
persecute, kill, go in and kill. trying to kill a monk affecting any
four-footed animal The name is danger, but the four-footed beast, hence
the name. touches only humans and dangers of four-footed animals.
Therefore, the Blessed One said: A monk who is a virtuous person, is
mindful, conducts the Dharma at the end of the round. Do not be afraid
of the five dangers, namely gadflies, stingers, reptiles that touch only
humans, and the dangers of four-footed animals. dwelling in other
dharmas, even when seeing the causing a great cowardice of those who
dwell in other dhammas, they should not be afraid. Other dangers should
be humiliated. Regarding the Saha Dhamma
[935] the word bhikkhu should
not be terrified, even to those who live in other dhammas. Even seeing
the emotion that gives be very cowardly Of those who dwell in other
dharmas, there is no fear, except for the seven classes of saints
(namely, bhikkhus, nuns, Sinkhamanas, novices, novices, laymen,
upasikas, and upasikas). One person who does not believe in the Buddha
not believe in the Dharma Disobedient to the Sangha is called a person
who lives in another dharma. They asked some questions. One should raise
a monk\'s word, scold, curse, insult, oppress, oppress, persecute, kill,
go in and kill, make an attempt to kill. Can the monks see it or not?
had already heard the emotion which caused the cowardice of many of
those people. Do not be shaken

Not to be startled and struggling, not to be terrified, not to be
afraid, not to be afraid, not to be fearless, not to panic, not to
frighten, not to flee. as a result without fear and cowardice Being a
person who has goosebumps, therefore it is called that a monk should not
be afraid even to those who are based in other dharmas. even seeing the
mood In the event of great cowardice, one who is in another dharma
should not be afraid. two dangers
[936] The word, on the other hand,
monks who seek merit should insult other dangers, saying, \"Besides,
even other dangers that the monks In pursuit of merit, it should be
demolished, suppressed, ridden, driven away. It exists. It\'s called
danger. namely, two dangers, namely, apparent danger, 1 concealed
danger, and so on, because they are the dwelling place of all
unwholesome qualities. Dangerous name. \"Bhikkhus, those who pursue
merit, the dangers that one seeks, seeks, seeks right conduct, proper
conduct. The practice is not an enemy. Practice is according to
benefits, etc. The Noble Eightfold Path has nirvana and other practices.
to attain nirvana, to trample, suppress, eradicate, drive away,
therefore it is called bhikkhus who pursue merit Insult other hazards.
because of that The Blessed One said, A bhikkhu should not be terrified,
even to a person who is in another dharma. Even seeing the emotions that
give There was a lot of cowardice among those who were in other dharmas.
should not be terrified. Insult other hazards.
[937] A bhikkhu is
touched by disease and hunger. Be patient with the cold and the heat,
that bhikkhu is salacious. that has been affected by many symptoms, such
as a person who does not open the opportunity, should make an effort is
persistence.
[938] Bhikkhus are touched by disease and hunger is
affected; impact is disease called contact is disease. Sa is a disease
that affects the right to dominate is He is suffering from eye disease,
ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, etc. Touching
flies, mosquitoes, wind, sun, and crawling beasts. Right, it\'s already
taken over. The desire to eat is called hunger. A bhikkhu is a person
whose hunger strikes and is dominated. hence the name of a monk Touched
by disease and hunger. There are two reasons for cold.
[939] The word
cold in the word endure cold and heat means that there is also coldness.
There are two reasons, namely, the aggravation of the inner coldness of
the apo-elements; the coldness of the external seasons; \"Raw\" means
that succulent heat exists for two reasons, namely, susceptibility is
the ability of internal techo elements to arise. . Heat, hunger, thirst,
the touch of flies, mosquitoes, and the wind.

sun and crawling tigers One should be able to withstand the way he
speaks, evil, evil, and misery arising in a body that is tough, hot,
sick, displeased. can lead life Therefore, it is known to endure cold
and heat.
[940] The word that monk\'s touches, in that monk\'s touch,
has been affected by many symptoms. He is not open to opportunities,
that monks, who are exposed to disease, hunger, cold and heat, are
right, set down, dominated. Therefore he is called that bhikkhu that
those touches have touched. The word by many symptoms means to hit, to
be right, to set down, to dominate, to be dominated by symptoms, there
are various kinds, hence the name bhikkhus that touch. has been hit by
many symptoms. Apisankhara Even for this reason, it is called not open
to opportunities. another The monks did not give the body a chance.
Ritavaji is corrupt and corrupt, even for this reason it is called not
open to opportunities, hence the name bhikkhu that those touches are
affected by many symptoms. Being a person who doesn\'t close the
opportunity. on perseverance
[941] The word perseverance is
perseverance; aspiration, perseverance, progress, perseverance, To go
on, effort, perseverance, persistence, not giving up, exertion,
determination, perseverance is not giving up. Involuntaryness,
indifference, resilience, vigor, viriya, viriya-bala, samma-vayama,
which is the way of the mind, is called perseverance, that is,
perseverance. A bhikkhu should make striving, perseverance, that is, one
should be firm and firm, hence the name. Make perseverance, that is,
persistence. The Blessed One said, A monk has been touched by disease
and hunger. Endure the cold and the heat; the bhikkhu, who is affected
by those touches by symptoms, is a person who is ignorant of the
opportunity, should do his endeavor, which is perseverance. hold on.

[942] A monk should not act as a thief. If he tells a lie, he should
show mercy to an animal that is both startled and steadfast. This is the
side of the devil who has evil deeds. Nong thief, do not lie, saying, in
this Dharma and Discipline, a bhikkhu is absent from indignity. take
only what he has given He only hoped for what he had given. should be
one whose mind is not a thief and is clean Therefore it is said that a
monk should not act as a thief. This Dharma and Discipline ignores lies,
except for lies, that is, speaks the truth, maintains the word of the
beast, has a firm and reliable statement.

He does not speak to mislead the world. Therefore, a monk should not act
as a thief. Do not lie. Mercy
[944] is called mercy. In the word, be
merciful to the beasts that are both flinched and hairy. Love,
affection, affectionate behavior, kindness, utilitarianism. courtesy
vindictiveness Nonviolence, no anger, kudos. Which of these beings has
not yet been able to give up the lust that can not be startled? and also
casts off fear and cowardice; such beasts are called startled. why those
animals therefore called the starter. Those beasts were terrified and
terrified. terrified of terror, therefore they are called starters. I
got it and had given up on fear and cowardice. Those animals are called
stable people. For what reason are they called stable? Those animals
would not. Not startled, not terrified, not terrified, not afraid. dread
because of that the beasts therefore called the audience Khong. The word
should spread mercy to animals, both startled and those who are sure
that they should be right, should show mercy, that is, one should be a
spiritual partner. with great compassion in splendor, without
estimation, without vengeance, not trying to spread to both the startled
and the stable, hence the name. to show mercy to both the startled and
the stable. The word Jai has various names.
[945] When in the word
When a bhikkhu should know what it means at any time. The word mind is
the mind, mind, manas, hatai, bandara, mana, manaitana, manindara,
spirit, spirit, aggregates, mind-soul elements born of touch. and so on.
The mind is naturally cloudy, dull, sad, busy Shaking and turning,
restless because the body was suffocating. Corruption, corruption,
greed, anger, anger, attachment to anger, negligence, equality,
jealousy, stinginess, deceit, boastfulness, stubbornness, stubbornness,
arrogance, contempt, drunkenness, negligence, defilements. capacity All
anxiety, all anxiety, all agitation, all affliction, all calamity. The
word when a monk should know how cloudy a monk should know, know all
around, know wonderful, know how to pierce through the cloudy mind,
therefore what is the name when? A bhikkhu should know grievance.
Alleviate grievance by virtue
[946] A person who kills animals, one
who has a black action, an elder, a giver. to death non-animal
Abandoned, a tribe of negligent people named me Zhuo. The black deeds in
the word should be alleviated at that time, meditating that this is the
side of the devil who has evil deeds. snatch the word This is the side
of the devil who has black karma. The word to abandon, alleviate, put an
end to nothing - \* Saying that this is a supreme ally. The black is the
devil\'s side, the devil\'s snare, the devil\'s hook, the devil\'s prey.
The devil\'s nature is the devil\'s anger, the devil\'s food is the
devil\'s binder, even because

Thus, therefore, it is called that, at that time, it should be relieved
by verbal prayers. This is the side of the devil who has black karma. on
the other hand, let go, alleviate, put an end to nothing, with the grace
of saying, This is the party who has Black karma The devil is on the
side of charity as a blessing. Suffering is a condition of suffering.
causing him to go to hell causing it to occur in the birth of the beast
causing it to be in the vision Even for this reason, thus it is called
that, then should be relieved with a mansika. This is the side of the
devil who has black karma. The Blessed One said that a monk should not
act as a thief. do not lie Show mercy to the animal in spite of When a
bhikkhu is startled and steadfast, when a bhikkhu should know the
grievances, he should relieve him with a blessing. This is on the side
of the evil-doing devil. root out anger and blasphemy persists, and a
monk should subdue the beloved and the I truly hate it. Anger and
contempt
[948] The name anger in the word monks should not be
underestimated. Anger and contempt are malice, malice, etc. fierce evil
speech The disdain of the mind. It is called blasphemy: that some person
in this world despise another person by birth, by clan, etc., by
materialism. some other things. The power of anger and disdain for a
monk is not to be underestimated; the power of anger and disdain should
not be tolerated, that is, one should abandon, alleviate, and put an end
to it. I refer to the absence of anger and contempt, therefore it is
called that a bhikkhu should not deny the power of anger and disdain.
The Root of Anger and Contempt
[949] The Root of Anger In the word,
what should be rooted in anger and contempt? mmi Ahirika anottappa
uddhaca (each) is the root of anger. What is the root of blasphemy?
Avijja Ayonisomana- \*Sikar Asmimana Ahirika Anottappa Uddhaca (each) is
the root of blasphemy. The word should root out anger. and that
blasphemy persists, that one should dig, tear down, pull, pull, drown,
alleviate, and put an end to nothing. which the root of anger and
contempt therefore exists, therefore the name should be rooted in anger
and blasphemy. Concerning two things that are dear,
[950] the verse in
the word that a monk should subdue the beloved and the one who hates,
indeed. Interpretation work is an obstacle. It\'s a word, it\'s a word,
it\'s a compound word, it\'s a word, it\'s a consonant euphemism. in
order of chapters. The name \"beloved\" means that there are two things
that are loved, namely beings, 1 body and 1. Why are animals beloved?
The animals in this world are the ones who desire prosperity. Desire for
benefits, support, desire for well-being Desire for liberation from
yogic defilements for that person, namely

Mother, father, brother and sister Sisters, sisters, sons, daughters,
mits, amats, blood relatives (descendants) these animals It\'s called
love. Why is sankhara dear? Forms, sounds, smells, tastes, touches,
these things that are pleasing to the eye are called beloved. Names to
hate are those that hate, hate two things. Zhang is an animal, one body,
one animal, why are they hated? The creatures of this world are the ones
who do not desire prosperity, desire what is not. Benefit desires
unwell. Desire for the liberty of the Yokleas, Desire to lay off the
person\'s life, These animals are called loathsome. What is it that you
hate? Form, sound, smell, taste? These things that are not pleasing to
the eye are called loathsome. Dang. The word really is. utterance by one
part It is said without doubt It is said without doubt doubt It is a
two-part non-two word. It is a word that is not combined, it is not
wrong. This word is indeed a definite statement. In other words, a
bhikkhu should be subdued. Dear and dear really hate that a monk should
be subdued when defeated. humiliate the beloved and that hated which
delights and nihils, happiness and devastation, joy and sorrow,
nittharam and anittharam, therefore it is called that one should subdue
the beloved and the hated. really hate it. Because of that The Blessed
One said, A monk should not bypass the power of anger and contempt. to
dig up the roots Anger and contempt persist. Moreover, a monk should
subdue the beloved and who truly hates.
[951] A bhikkhu precedes
wisdom, having great joy, should subdue those dangers, subdue
dissatisfaction. secluded bed One should subdue the four dharmas that
are the place of humiliation. On the foremost wisdom and rapture
[952]
Name That Wisdom, in the sense that a monk precedes wisdom, is joyful,
that is, omniscient knowledge, clear knowledge, choice. general
selection Choice of the Dharma, etc., Amoha, Dharmavidya, Sammaditthi.
Put wisdom ahead and act as a wise man Ya is the top of the flag with
great wisdom. very selective There is a wide selection. very intelligent
have a great quest Live as a person who makes it clear, acts with
wisdom, is very wise, is aware of it with wisdom. Go in wisdom, go in
wisdom, incline in wisdom. fall into wisdom having wisdom is great Even
for this reason, thus it is called putting wisdom ahead. On the other
hand, a bhikkhu knows when he walks, when he stands he knows he is
standing, when he sits he knows that he is sitting, or when he lies down
he knows that his body is erect. Whatever it is, that bhikkhu knows that
body. Even for this reason, thus it is called putting wisdom ahead.
Moreover, a monk is aware of moving forward, in retreating. back to feel

and then, in turning, felt the sensation of dipping. in stretching out,
waking up to lordship, alms, and robes; consciously waking up, drinking,
chewing, savoring, feeling. body in the urine to be aware of walking,
standing, sitting, sleeping, waking up, speaking, and being still, even
for this reason; therefore, it is called making wisdom ahead. . The word
joyful means rapture, radiance arising from the ability of
Buddhanussati. Name: Piti Ngam, Piti, Pramote at Kedi Up with able
dharmanussati...sanghanussati...silanussati...jakanussati...devadanussati...anapanussati...deamanussati...body.
Gata-sati ... Upasmanus-sati is called rapture and good, therefore it is
called bhikkhu who puts wisdom ahead, has good rapture. 2 things
[953]
The name danger, in the word that those dangers should be suppressed,
are: 2 dangers, namely, apparent danger, 1 hidden danger, 1 etc. Danger.
These are called apparent dangers, etc. These dangers are called hidden
dangers, etc., because they are said to be the dwelling place of all
unwholesome qualities. Even so, hence the name that danger. The word to
suppress those dangers means to suppress. Possessing and destroying
those dangerous, hence the name should suppress those dangers.
[954]
The word displeasure is called displeasure, displeasure, disapproval,
displeasure. Resentment, dissatisfaction with boredom. The word, in a
secluded bed, means to subdue, dominate, get rid of, mourn the
displeasure. secluded sanas or in all other unwholesome dharmas,
therefore it is called Suppressing displeasure in a secluded bed
[955]
The word to subdue the four dharmas, which is the setting for
affliction, means to subdue, suppress, and dominate. To instigate four
dharmas which are the causes of rage, therefore it is called to suppress
the four dharmas that are the causes of rambling. because of that The
Blessed One said, \"A monk, having put wisdom in front of him, having
great joy, should subdue those dangers, and subdue his displeasure in a
secluded bed. One should subdue the four dharmas that are the place of
humiliation.
[956] What do we know? Where do we know me? Today we have
a hard time sleeping. Where will we sleep tomorrow? A bhikkhu who cares,
should cure these worries, which are The establishment of obedience is
the one who does not I\'m worried about travel.
[957] What will I
know? In the word, what do we know me? Where do we know me? \"What do we
know? Cooked rice, fresh snacks, dried snacks, fish or meat. Therefore,

Therefore, what do we call me, what does we call me, means where do we
know me? Therefore, it is called what I know. Where do we know me?

[958] \"Today we have a hard time sleeping. Where will we sleep
tomorrow? It means that tonight we lay hard on a plank, on a mat, on a
leather rug, on a grass slope, on a leaf slope, or on a slope. Yfang
Khun Where shall we sleep tomorrow: in the bed, at the mattress, at the
pillow, at the temple, in the single-roofed house, at the castle, in the
bald-roofed house, or in the cave, hence the name, today we have a hard
time sleeping. Um! Where shall we sleep tomorrow?
[959] The words of
these worries, which are the source of affliction, are those that are
anxious about almsgiving. Two kinds of anxiety which are reconciled with
two senasanas, which are the places of affliction, are the foundations
of suffering. It is the foundation of lust, hence the name of these
verbal concerns which is the site of lust. Explain the word sekha and
the word study
[960] Name sekha in the word bhikkhu who heals should
be a person who has no worries Why is it called a sekha because a sake?
Therefore, it is called Sekha. Sueksa. What? Studying the precepts,
studying the spirituality, studying the teaching of wisdom, why studying
the precepts, etc., this is called the high-level wisdom. Bhikkhus
consider the precepts, this assumption is called education. Knowing,
it\'s called studying. Seeing it, it\'s called studying and considering.
It\'s called studying and setting the mind. It\'s called studying with
compassion. study to support Perseverance is the name It is called
studying and establishing one\'s mind. It is called studying and setting
one\'s mind. It is called studying and knowing clearly through wisdom.
I\'m called \"Education\". Determining the Dhamma that should be taught
is called studying, and leaving the Dharma that should be abandoned is
called studying. study Prosperity that should be developed is the name.
that education is good behavior The bhikkhu who behaves graciously and
graciously studies, therefore it is called a sekha. Wisdom for healing,
eliminating, refraining from renunciation, renunciation, and quelling
other monks When thinking about these three rules, one should study;
when one knows, one should study, etc. When enlightening the Dhamma that
should be made known, one should study; that is, one should behave
generously good behavior So he behaves, he is called a bhikkhu who
heals. on the pouring go without hesitation
[961] The word should be a
person without concern means that a monk is a How do you worry? Some
monks in this Dharma and Discipline are people. Consisting of concerns
about the family with concerns about the faculty with concern for the
monk with concern with concern for alms with concern for Senasana with
concern for the medicinal factor A monk is worried about traveling like
this. How does a monk not worry about traveling? The work consists of a
wide range of concerns. is not a person who is concerned about the
Senasana alms robes and

Kilan Factor, a pharmacist who is not a monk Worried about traveling
like this. The monks went to Magadha There are some monks who go to
Bihar state. Traveling among different groups, but Vajjiphum is a person
who does not care. Equality brings benefits to successful travel.
Success is a person who does not have to worry about to be successful
every time. Asking about the benefit is the karma of the diligent, that
is the equality of carefree as follows. The indifferent person is
worried about traveling. Because of that, the Blessed One said: What do
we know about me? Where do we know me? Today we have a hard time
sleeping. Where will we sleep tomorrow? A bhikkhu who is devoted to
these worries, which is the place of adoration, should be the one who
does not Worried about traveling
[962] That monk in this
Dharma-discipline received food and clothing. in the time of
acquaintance Approximately, for the sake of the monks to include in
these factors be a collective person Traveling around the house, even if
he was scolded, he should not be rude. Concerning Obtaining Food and
Clothing by Justice Wasuk, fresh dessert, dried dessert, fish and meat.
There are six types of robes: bark, cotton, and robes. Silk, wool,
linen, linen Is it? The word for food and clothing at the time means
that a monk has a robe and alms. Not by deception, not by side-speaking,
not by hinting, not by eliminating you. he Not by seeking wealth, not by
giving firewood. Not by giving bamboo, not by giving leaves, not by
giving flowers, not Yes, by giving fruit, not by showering, not by
fertilizing. not by giving clay not by giving a toothpick Not by
gargling his mouth, not with foolish words, let him love himself, not
with foolish words. like a bean curd, not snatching a flattering gesture
on him. not by being seated (by acquaintance with him), not with
geography, not with Dirajana, not with English the good of a woman and a
man) can\'t be snatch a student (knowing) not by deni Not as an
ambassador, not as a servant, not as a messenger, not as a servant.
medicine Not by innovation, not by giving bales and loaves of rice in
return, not by giving. and adding can only be obtained fairly,
therefore, hence the name verb Obtain food and clothing for the time
being. There are two kinds of knowledge
[964] The word bhikkhu should
know roughly in the word bhikkhu in this Dhamma and Discipline ...

about to support It is said that approximation is known by two reasons:
one is approximated by receiving. Knowing estimation by consumption 1.
How does a monk determine approximation by receiving? Pretend to offer
things even less for the sake of love the skeleton for the preservation
of the family, to support the family Get enough robes to exercise.
receive alms enough to manage the stomach A bhikkhu knows how to
approximate by receiving this way. How do monks measure by consumption?
The bhikkhu considered by a wise trick and then used a robe to cure the
cold. for heat treatment To treat the touch of flies, mosquitoes, wind,
sun and crawling tigers. to cover up It is only that which causes shame
to intensify. A monk considers it in a wise way and then does not offer
alms to meditate. Sandalwood to mount sandalwood to decorate, not me to
decorate. me for this existence for this body to be to exclude the
sufferings of this body in order to commend the virgins with the
blessing that we will heal the old feelings and not let new ones arise.
Nong With ease, blamelessness, well-being will be upon us as follows:
Prescribe only. A bhikkhu, contemplating a wise scheming, then becomes
sanasana. to treat cold for heat treatment To treat the touch of flies,
mosquitoes, wind, sun and crawling animals, to alleviate seasonal
hazards. for the pleasure of avoidance It is a prescription only. monks,
consider and then use the medicinal factor kilan to treat the suffering
caused by the recurrent element which has already occurred for the sake
of insecurity. It is extremely difficult that only a monk knows.
Estimated by consumption like this. The word bhikkhu should know
roughly, that is, knowing, knowing, knowing, knowing only, stabbing all
the time, which is about because of these two reasons, hence the name
that monk should know. Approximately.
[965] The word in this
Dharma-discipline \... for solitude means that a monk in this
Dharma-discipline is a loaf of solitude. and speak of the virtues of
solitude with a robe as can be neither reaching the pursuit
inappropriately wrong because of the robe if he didn\'t wear a robe, he
didn\'t startle. and having obtained a robe, he is not enamored, is not
delusional, does not get involved, sees blame, is wise, is a salad from
suffering, does not exalt himself, is not bitter. others with secluded
with robes as he can afford, any monk who is diligent and indifferent
Jakchan has a sense of consciousness. In the recluse robe, this monk is
called the one who lives in the family of the noble one. It is known to
be an excellent family. which has been around since ancient times. one
more thing Monks ascend with alms as they are available. and said Mr.
solitude through alms can be followed. neither is it not an unreasonable
pursuit of wrongdoing because of He did not receive alms, he did not
flinch and received He is not displeased, does not get lost, does not
get involved, sees blame, has wisdom as a salad from suffering, eats,
does not exalt himself, does not oppress others. with solitude With alms
to be followed, any monk who is diligent Jakchan has a sense of
consciousness. In the recluse alms, this monk is called a monk. live in
the family A noble Buddha known as a splendid family that has been
around since ancient times. one more thing Bhikkhus are secluded with
the following sanasana and speak to you.

of solitude with Senasana Neither of the unreasonable pursuit of
wrongdoing due to the cause of sanasana. If not Sanasana was not
startled. and having gained salvation, he is not displeased, is not
delusional, does not get involved, sees blame, is wise as a salad from
suffering, does not exalt himself, does not harass others. with solitude
with senasana Accordingly, any monk is a diligent person. The
enlightened sense of solitude is what a monk is called. He is the one
who lives in the family of noble monks, known as the supreme family,
which has been around since ancient times. The monks were secluded by
the kilana, the pharmacological necessities they could follow, and spoke
of the virtues of solitude by the kilana. Pharmacovigilance can be
followed, neither is the pursuit of wrongdoing. Appropriate because of
the medicinal factor not killed The pharmacist was not shocked, had
searched for the drug- \*Pharmaceutical factor, and did not like it, did
not fall for it. The entangled sees blame and wisdom as a relief from
suffering. Consuming it without exalting oneself and not oppressing
others with solitude with the help of pharmacological factors that can
be followed Any monk who is a person Yan is not idle, has a conscious
awareness of the medicinal factor of Kilan. that solitude This bhikkhu
is called the one who lives in the family of noble monks known as the
family of lesi from ancient times, hence the name bhikkhu. That in this
Dharma and Discipline \... one should know the moderation for solitude.

[966] The word bhikkhu comprehends those factors, in the word bhikkhus
comprehension of these factors. in the robes, alms rounds, senasanas,
medicinal necessities Even for this reason, thus it is called that a
bhikkhu is aware of those factors. Thus a bhikkhu is conscientious,
protecting, guarding and guarding all senses, even for this reason,
hence the name that bhikkhu dwells in them. The word \"combat\" means
\"combat, be careful, be careful, protect, possess, guard, be wary,
wander around in the house.\" Therefore, it is said that a bhikkhu,
comprising those things, is the one who roams the house. on
non-existence answer the person who scolds
[967] The word, even if he
was kicked out, should not be said offensively. It means that he was
insulted, insulted, scolded rather than taken care of. Do not answer the
person who said it. refrain from answering those who curse, do not
curse; he who curses, do not seek to answer those who seek with rude
words; harsh, should not make a quarrel It should not be committed, it
should not be offensive, it should not be quarrelsome, it should not be
quarrelsome, it should be abandoned, it should be alleviated, it should
be put to an end to its absence. Where quarrels, quarrels, quarrels,
quarrels and quarrels should be avoided, excluded, shaken off, freed,
not involved in quarrels. The meaning of confidence, fierceness, quarrel
and contention. be a person with a mind There is no realm of defilement,
therefore it is said that even if it is cut off, it should not be said
harshly. Therefore, the Blessed One said, That monk in this Dharma and
Discipline Obtaining food and clothing in time, should know the
moderation so that the monk can comprehend those things. be a collective
person

travel in the house Even if he was scolded, he shouldn\'t be rude.

[968] A bhikkhu should be an enlightened person, not a lazy person,
because the feet should be a distraction, in meditation one should be
very awake. be a father Rapha Ubekkha has a strong mind and should go in
and cut off the dharma that dwells in the mind and annoyance. on the
consolidation of the eye
[969]. should be an ophthalmologist One
should not be hesitant because of his feet, as follows: How does a monk
become a monk? Some monks in this Dharma and Discipline are delusional
because of the eye. It consists of being reluctant because the eye
thinks that one should see a form that has not yet been seen. one must
pass past the seen form as follows; therefore become a regular
practitioner which has been traveling for a long time which the journey
is uncertain to see pictures from this monastery to that monastery From
this garden to that garden From this house to that house from town to
town, from town to town, from town to town, from town to town, from town
to town In the countryside, the monks Even this way. On the other hand,
the monk went into the neighborhood and walked along. The road is not
comprehensible to walk. Walking and looking at the Chang Brigade, the
Horse Brigade, the Car Brigade, and the Walking Brigade Look at women,
look at men, look at pediatrics, look at kumaris, look at the market
stalls, and look at the other porches, look above, and below, and look
at the big direction A bhikkhu is the one who casts his eye in this way.
another A bhikkhu sees a form with his eye, holds visions, holds
consonants. would not practice in order to reunite Khuntree, when he was
not merged It should cause unwholesome qualities that are obscene,
namely covetousness and sorrow to dominate, that does not treat
Chakhuntree, not the communion of the monks. Starve your eyes even This
way. On the other hand, it\'s like, for example, a certain class of
recluse and brahmins. I have nurtured him with faith and continued to
watch the play. Which is the enemy of this kind of merit is dancing,
driving, fanfare, entertainment, etc., playing novels, clapping songs,
gongs, ranat, movies, songs, beggars, walks. Play in front of the
funeral, elephant race, horse race, buffalo crash, cattle crash, goat
collision, quail hit, baton dance, boxing, wrestling, combat, military
inspection, military parade arrangement, army, monks The work of the eye
is given up to this extent. How is a monk who does not give up the eye?
monks in this discipline Not being lazy because of the eye, not being
lazy because the eye doesn\'t think that we should see unseen forms.
Loeirapu has seen as follows: is a non-operating person which has been
traveling for a long time which the journey is uncertain, to see
pictures, from this monastery to that monastery ... from this
countryside to that country. A monk is not a person who leads an eye. Go
even like this. another The bhikkhu went into the neighborhood, walked
along the path, merged, walked, did not walk, looked at the elephant
brigade, etc., did not look in the big direction. A bhikkhu is one who
does not give up his eyes like this. another A bhikkhu has seen a form
with his eye, does not hold visions, does not hold consonants, etc.,
which means complacency in the eye. Even like this. In addition, like a
monk- \*a group of brahmins. I have nurtured him with faith, etc. The
army of monks is absent from Watch the playful The enemy of charity sees
it like this. A bhikkhu is not an enlightened person, henceforth.

Therefore it is called a monk who comprehends the eye. about not being
indifferent because of the feet
[970] It should be explained in the
One should not be reluctant because of the feet, as follows: How is a
bhikkhu reluctant because of his feet? Some monks in this Dharma and
Discipline a person who is reluctant because of his feet consists of a
person who is lazy because of his feet, that is, he is a regular
entrepreneur which has been traveling for a long time The journey is
uncertain, from this monastery to that monastery, etc. Even so, a monk
is reluctant because of his feet. another A monk is reluctant because of
his feet. consisted of being reluctant because of the feet In the
interior of the Sangharam, not walking for the sake of benefit, not
Deni. went because of the cause of acting as a distracted person with no
mind Peace from this area to that area, etc., talking about prosperity
and deterioration in such a way. A monk is reluctant because of his
stubborn feet. this time. A monk should be relieved. leading to the
cessation of being greedy because the feet should be abstained,
abstained, abstained, renounced, gone, irrelevant. concern which is
volatile because of the feet One who has a mind free from the realm of
defilements, one who enjoys seclusion. welcomed in seclusion Aspiring
for inner peace, never estranged from meditation. consists of
introspection Increases living in an empty house, one who enjoys
meditation, delights in meditation, craves in happiness. one whose mind
is one being heavy in their own interests Therefore, it is said that a
bhikkhu should be a wise man, and not be fooled by his feet. Concerning
one who seeks in meditation
[971] One should be one who seeks
meditation; one should be one who seeks meditation, one who is awake. It
means that he is a person who is active in meditation for two reasons,
namely, being a practitioner, composing, compiling, compiling, composing
well for the sake of arise of the first jhāna that has not yet arisen,
for the arising of the second jhāna that have not yet arisen. to happen
for the arising of the unrealized tertiary jhana, or for the arising of
the fourth jhana that has not yet arisen, even for this reason,
therefore it is called On the other hand, a bhikkhu grows up and makes a
lot of the first jhāna that has arisen, the second jhāna that has
arisen, the terti jhana that has arisen. wa or the fourth jhana that has
arisen, even for this reason, is therefore called a person who seeks in
meditation. very eloquent A monk in this Dharma and Discipline pays The
purification of the mind from the Dharma is a barrier. by walking and
sitting all day purify the mind from dharma as a barrier by walking and
sitting Throughout the beginning of the night It will be successful \*
Saiya (sleeping like a lion) with the right side overlapping the feet,
being conscious, paying attention to the promises in rise Throughout the
middle of the night got up Purify the mind from the Dharma It is a
barrier for walking and sitting throughout the night, so it is called
one who seeks meditation. He is very awake. concerning equanimity

[972] neglect, neglectful action a very indifferent manner peace of
mind

The calm mind, the neutrality of the mind in the Fourth Jhana is called
equanimity, in words one should preach equanimity. having a firm mind
Confucius of the Spirit That the mind does not waver, peace, meditation,
strength concentration, right concentration, is called being one who has
a concentrated mind. The word \"be one who prevails in the equanimity
with a firm mind\" means that the equanimity in the Fourth Jhana one who
has one mind He has a mind that is not distracted, has a mind that
cannot be moved, therefore it is said that one should awaken equanimity,
have a concentrated mind. concerning nine meditations
[973] called
thought in the word one should go in and cut the thought The Dharma is
the dwelling place of thought and nuisance, namely, thought of sensual
pleasures, thought of vengeance, thought of persecution. remembrance of
relatives Contemplation of the countryside, contemplation of the gods,
contemplation of life people who love others the thought of
reconciliation with good fortune Worship and Praise Reconciliation with
no disrespect These are called 9 kinds of thoughts. Kamasya is a
dwelling place for lust, vengeful covenant is a dwelling place of
vengeful anxiety, lust is a dwelling place. Vihingsavit K. On the other
hand, avijja ayoniso manasikara asmimana anottappa uddha is the dwelling
place of all thoughts. The name annoyance is some annoyance. nuisance
Hand and foot nuisance, the importance of what should not be The
importance of what should not be The importance of harmlessness as a
punishment, the importance of harmlessness as a nuisance. Wait for the
mind. This kind of distress is called annoyance. On the other hand,
annoyance, mental distress. Disappointment It arises for two reasons:
action and non-action. annoyance, trouble A frightening mind arises.
because he did and because he did not What do we do? Annoyances,
distress, mental distress, and anxiety arise. We do our bodies
corruptly. We do not act honestly. We speak corruptly. has made the
capacity We do not commit dishonesty, we do not act honestly, we do
evil. We do not deliberately refrain from panatipat. We do Adinna- \*We
can\'t eat. We do not intentionally refrain from Adinnathan. Abstinence
from adultery We do not lie We do not intentionally abstain from lies
From the Pisana speech we do bad words, we do not do it intentionally.
Refrain from verbal abuse, we do not touch fish. Abstain from touching
fish. We do Abhijha. We do not do evil. We do not do evil. We do not do
evil. We do not apply Matitthi annoyance Dissatisfaction arises because
of action. and because he did not do this. For one thing, distress,
distress, and distress arise that we are not perfectionists in the
precepts. We are D. Those who do not protect the anus in all organic We
are ignorant approximate in food We are the ones who do not persevere in
perseverance as the awakening machine.

Being a person without consciousness, we do not develop the four
foundations of mindfulness, we do not develop the four foundations of
consciousness, we do not develop power 4. not cultivating organics 5 We
do not develop physical strength 5 We do not enlighten the Bojangka 7 We
do not develop the Noble Eightfold Path 8 We do not develop When we are
sorrowful, we have not abandoned Samut. We do not meditate on the way,
we do not expose the nirodha. and harassment, that a monk should go in
and cut, cut off, negate, alleviate, and put an end to nothing. in which
dharma is a dwelling place of mourning and nuisance, hence the name
word. Dharma is the dwelling place of thought. and annoyance. Therefore,
the Exalted One said, A bhikkhu should be an enlightened person, not a
fool by his feet, one who is a hard worker. In meditation one should be
a person who is very awake, one should be a person. Rapha Ubekkha has a
strong mind. and had to go in and cut the thought Dharma is a dwelling
place of thought and annoyance.
[974] A monk is admonished with words.
should be a person of good conscience should destroy the identity of the
hardened in all the virgins One should utter the words that are
wholesome, not to speak beyond the boundaries. Do not think for the sake
of dharma is to speak to the people. On hearing exhortation
[975] The
word is admonished. In the word a monk is admonished verbally. should be
mindful, that is, the preceptor, the teacher, the elder, the preceptor
Phra Therapoon, teacher, friends who have seen each other, people who
have been in a relationship with each other, or friends warned that the
elderly This karma is not for you, this karma is not for you, this karma
is not for you, this karma is not beautiful. The admonished bhikkhu
should enter to be contented, to be contented, to be joyful, to be
happy, to want, to want, to want, to love, to be enthralled by that
admonition. Like a woman or a man who is a young woman, growing up,
likes to dress, bathe, and get dressed. A lotus garland is good, a
jasmine garland is good. The garland of Lamduan flowers was good, picked
it up with both hands and placed it on his head. As the supreme organ,
just as one is delighted, delighted, delighted, coveted, desires,
desires, loves, enthralls. So one should go in and settle in one\'s
mind, be contented, delighted, delighted, delighted, wanting, wanting,
wanting, loving, enthralled, and so are admonitions. Who should a person
see, blame, slander, and be wise as like a person who identifies
treasures? should associate with such a person, a graduate, when you
associate with such a graduate Only you are noble There is no lewd
punishment at all. A person should be taught, taught, and forbidden from
the Dhamma of the wicked. That person is loved only by the faithful. It
is hated by the wicked as follows:

Therefore it is said that a bhikkhu who is admonished with words should
be mindful.
[976] It is called the Holy Virgin, in the word one should
destroy the stubbornness of all virgins, that is, one who has the same
karma. have the same country There are always the same tenets. The word
\"destroying the stubbornness of all virgins\" means that one should
destroy the Anger hits them, and the stubbornness of the mind in the
virgins is to destroy the five hardness of the mind, the hardness of the
mind to be destroyed. Let the three minds smash, destroy, get rid of the
hardness because of lust, hardness due to anger, resentment because of
anger, therefore it is said to be destroyed. The stubbornness of all
virgins. on the scope of uttering two kinds of speech Pleasing verbal
geni Scope Speech that arises from insight, that is, should be uttered,
uttered well, which is a word of meaning. which consists of dharma,
which is a word that is useful to refer to as long as it should
Therefore, it is said that one should utter a word that is wholesome. It
is called the scope of the word that should not be uttered beyond the
boundary, namely, the boundary of time. 1 The scope of the precepts 1.
What is the boundary of time? A bhikkhu should not say things that are
too late. Do not say too late. Do not say the word is too late and time.
Do not say words that are not yet time. Do not say words that have not
yet arrived, do not say that words that have not yet reached time and
time. As true as the Blessed One has said, when it is not the right
time, the word is too late. that person would be killed. Lying down like
the son of a raging bird. Therefore, the crows were raised as follows.
This is called the boundary of time. What is the boundary of the
precepts? The person in charge should not say such a thing. An offended
person should not say anything. A delusional person should not be
verbally abusive. Worara said, said, spoke and made a statement which
lies This is called the boundary of morality, therefore it is said that
the word should be virtuous. Do not speak beyond the boundaries. should
not think of him with calamity. The king, the brahmin, the sex, the
lord, the layman, the clergyman, the deva, the human being. to think,
that is, do not let thoughts arise Do not allow the intentions of the
mind to arise. Don\'t be a monk make it happen For the sake of saying,
rather, gossip, criticize, non-praise. Failure to describe the virtues
of the people with morals with a teacher with a disaster or by
occupation Therefore, it is said that one should not think for the sake
of the Dharma, that is, the remarks of the people, therefore the Blessed
One said:

The monks were verbally admonished. should be a person of good
conscience should destroy the identity of the hardened in all the
virgins One should utter the words that are wholesome, not to speak
beyond the boundaries. Do not think for dharma is to say that the
people.
[979] Next, a monk should be a mindful person. In order to get
rid of these lust, those are the five particles of the world, lust in
form, sound, smell, taste, and touch
[980] Well, in the next word ...
Those lusts are the five particles in the world, the junction, the
hindrance. as a death It\'s a character convention. It is a refined word
with consonants in order of chapters. There are five types of dust:
sensuality in form, sensuality in sound, sensuality in smell, sensuality
in taste, sensuality in touch. The Lord Buddha said that Sensual we say
is a flare. The word dust is not said to be dust. Of all the graduates\'
sensuality, the dust lies in the religion of the Buddha who is free from
the dust of hatred. It is said to be dust, and the word dust is the name
of wrath. All the sages, having abandoned this dust, are in the religion
of the Buddha who is free from delusions. Dust is a dust, the word dust
is the name of a ruler. It is in the religion of the Buddha who is free
from dust. The word in the world is, in the world of evil, the world of
mankind, the world of gods, the world of salvation, the world-element,
and the world of self-consciousness, so it is said that in the next
order...these lusts are the five particles of the world.
[981] What
kind of sensuality in the word should a monk be mindful? Study to get
rid of any sensuality. sensuality in form, sensuality in sound,
sensuality in smell sensuality in sensuality in touch. The word
mindfulness means remembrance, remembrance, special recollection,
mindfulness, remembrance, non-passionateness. Impermanence, stamina,
sati-bala, samsati, satisamphojga, this way is called mindfulness.
Bhikkhus reach, reach, reach blessings. To go near, go near together,
consisting of this mindfulness A bhikkhu is called mindful. There are
three kinds of sikkha in the word that one should study, namely,
cultivating the sikkha, the sikkha, the sikkha. What is the practice of
reciting the precepts, etc.? This is called adhipanya sikkha. The word
\"be a person with conscious education\" to get rid of any sensuality,
speech A person who is conscious should study even after precepts,
study, even study spiritually. inculcate wisdom to eliminate Only for
the sake of renunciation, to renounce, and to refrain from lust: which
is the sensual in form, the sensual in the sound, the sensual in the
smell, the sensual in the taste, the sensual in the tactile sensation,
it is called the study of the three precepts. It\'s called studying,
etc., making it clear what dharma should be made known is called
\"educational\", and should behave hospitably. One should behave well,
behave well, behave, hence the name one should be mindful and educated
in order to get rid of any lusts.


[982] The word to suppress those lusts is lust in form, sound, smell,
taste, and touch, meaning one should suppress, suppress, dominate,
dominate, eliminate, crush, enrage in form. therefore the sound, smell,
taste Therefore it is called to suppress those lusts, that is, the
sensuality of form, sound, smell, taste, and touch. Then the Blessed One
said that, in the next step, a bhikkhu ought to have a mindful study to
get rid of these lusts. A bhikkhu should suppress those lusts, that is,
form, sound, smell, taste, and touch.
[983] A bhikkhu is mindful. have
a wonderful mind should dispose of the proxies in those dharmas a person
who has a mind Dharma Ek pops up get rid of the darkness The Blessed One
said as follows:
[984] \"Those words in the word to eliminate the
vassals in those dharmas, in the form of sound, smell, taste, touch. The
name chanda means pleasure in sensual pleasures. erotic desire, sensual
pleasure, sensual desire erotic desire Lust in sensual pleasures,
passion for sensual pleasures, passion for sensual pleasures, kama okha,
kama yoga, kamupathana, kamma reconciliation in all sensual pleasures.
Must eliminate, eliminate only, eliminate, alleviate, cause an end to
nothing. which desires in those dharmas, therefore it is called that
lusts should be eliminated in those dharmas. having a mind that has been
completely freed, that is, a monk who is a gentleman or a monk who is
virtuous. The word mindfulness means remembrance, remembrance, etc.,
right mindfulness, mindfulness, mindfulness, this Ekayamaga is called
mindfulness. This mindfulness is called mindfulness, hence the name that
a bhikkhu is mindful. It is good that the mind of a bhikkhu who enters
the first meditation is freed. Wonderful, wonderful, wonderful, gone
from all the neurals. The mind of a monk who enters the Second
Meditation is freed from wonderful, freed from great anxiety and
judgment. The mind of a tertiary bhikkhu - \*Jan, liberated from
wonderful, liberated from wonderful, liberated from rapture. The mind of
a monk who enters the Fourth Jhana is freed, freed, freed, freed, freed
from happiness and suffering. The mind of the monks who entered the
sanajaya, liberated from the supernatural, liberated from the supreme
form of the contract, the declaration, the nanattasya, the mind of the
monks who entered The spirit of sagaciousness, liberation of magic,
termination of virtuousness, termination of sagacity. The mind of a monk
who has entered the Scriptures of Jhana, is freed from magic, has been
freed from magic, has been completely freed from the spirit of
self-awareness. The mind of the monks who entered the Scriptures of the
Scriptures, liberated from wonderful, liberated from wonderful,
liberated from the Scriptures. Sotaba\'s mind has liberated from
supreme, surrendered, surrendered from Sakkaya Ditthi, Wichikiccha,
Silabbatta Pramas, Ditthanusai, Wichikicchanusai, and from the evil
spirits that are located. On the day\'s side As with Wikikicha, the mind
of the Sakdakama is beyond magic. I have escaped from the lustful lusts,
the rude deeds. and from the unilaterally located together with
eroticism, etc. The mind of the Anagami Buddha is liberated from
wonderful, beyond wonderful, from sensual pleasures.

*Raksanyochon, Patikasangyochon, from the lustful love, and from the
defilements. located in the same faction as Kamaraksayojana, the mind of
an Arahant is liberated, surpassed, surpassed, surpassed from the form
of sensuality and form. Raka mana uddhaca avijja manusai bhavakaranusai
avijja- nusai* the same defilements located in the same façade as the
form of lust. and from the external manifestations Therefore, it is said
that a bhikkhu is mindful and has a supernatural mind. Concerning the
mind that is the time of samatha and insight
[986] The word \'times\'
in the word bhikkhu, when considering the Dharma properly according to
the time When the mind is not distracted, it is the time of samatha.
When the mind is concentrated, it is the time of Vipassana. as true as
the Blessed One had said: Whoever yogi sustains the mind in times is
bitter, the mind in other times makes the mind rejoiced by gala set his
mind in the era indifferent to that yogi is known as the wise man of all
times. When should spiritual support be present? At what time should the
mind be bitter? At what time should the mind be rejoicing? And what is
the time of samatha? The academy shows time to be indifferent. How is
the mind of a yogic person? of yogis that should be supported when
thinking of the yogi the person is distracted, it is the time that the
yogi should be suppressed. One should rejoice in the mind that is not
happy at that time. That time is the time of samatha, the mind rejoices
within. By that scheme, the mind is naturally concentrated. In any time,
at that time, a yogic person should be indifferent. hold a mind that is
established with wisdom A wise man, who knows time, knows time, is wise,
in this way should set the state of mind forever and ever. \...
according to the times. When considering the Dharma properly that all
sankharas are not equal. All sankharas are all suffering, are non-self,
etc. Anything happens naturally. All things are extinguished. hence the
name Vaj When determining the fair consideration.
[987] The word
supreme mind arises in the word sane. The Dharma Ek pops up. Eliminate
the darkness, the Blessed One said thus: I am the savior. having a
united mind, having a mind that is not distracted Therefore, the heart
does not waver Therefore, he is known as one who has a single Dharma
mind that arises. The word that a monk should eliminate darkness means
to eliminate, eliminate, alleviate, cause it to end. None where darkness
is lust, darkness is wrath darkness is ruler darkness is mana darkness
is darkness is passion darkness is The blinding rit makes it impossible
to As a result, there is no intellect to quench their wisdom as part of
the adversity. not to lead to nirvana. The word Bhagava is a respectful
word. Another one. name

Bhagava, because he destroys lust, destroys anger, destroys ruler,
destroys mana, destroys view, destroys thorns, destroys defilements.
Because he has done the best of all worlds. because of the virtue of
having a cultivated body, a cultivating virtue have a trained mind Has
trained wisdom. In addition, the Blessed One snuggled up to the
sanctuary of the lush and dense forest. Little work, no noise, no crowds
of passers-by. It is the secret karma of human beings. worthy of
avoiding and hiding, therefore, it is called the Supreme Lord Therefore,
it is called the Bhagavad. The Blessed One has the share of uplifting
virtues, high-spirited, high-intelligence, tasteful, dharmic,
liberating, hence the name verb. In addition, the Blessed One has a
share in the four contemplation, four form therefore Therefore, it is
called the Bhagava. In addition, the Blessed One is a part of the 8
liberation. Abhidhana 8 Anupupbhavihara Sampati 9 hence the name Vac. In
addition, the Blessed One He is part of the promise of meditation, 10
kasin samapati, 10 anapanasati samadhi, unsuphasamapati, hence the name
vaca. In addition, the Blessed One has the share of the four foundations
of mindfulness, the 4 powers, the 4 organics, the 5 physical strengths,
the 5 Bojjangha, the 7 Noble Path. 8 Therefore, it is called the
Bhagava. Moreover, the Blessed One has the share of the Tathagata, 10
Vesarachayanana, 4 Patience, 4 Apinya, 6 Buddha Dhamma, hence the name
Vac. The name of this Bhagava, Mother, Father, Father, Blessed One,
Friend, Amatya, blood relative, recluse, brahmin, and deva, did not
honor the name of this Bhagava as Vimok Khanti. name (Names are in the
Arahatship, in the order of the Arahatship) is a commandment of truth.
along with attaining enlightenment at the splendor of the Enlightened
Ones, hence the name as one who has a supreme mind, should eliminate the
darkness The Blessed One said as follows: because of that The Blessed
One said, A monk is conscious. have a mind of magic should dispose of
those dharmas, that bhikkhu, when considering the dharmas according to
the time a person who has a mind Dharma Ek pops up get rid of the
darkness Thus, the Blessed One said: Hereinafter, the 16th
Sariputaniddess is complete. -------------
