











“Maitreya,” Worldman named the Brahman by his name. “Worldworld,” this is
synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is
Worldworld.” for [Worldhotel: “Mile!”].

“Always mind, quench the thirst”: “thirsty love” as the color of thirsty love...
(medium) method thirst love. Whoever for him thirsty love has been cut off, cut
off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called a
man who forsends thirst, forsaken the thirst lover, the one who dismisses the
thirst loving, relieve the thirst loving, Thirsty loving, deviating the thirst
loving, away from the greedy, abandoning the greedy, free from the greedy,
dismissed the greedy, dismissed the greedy, the unhungry, the cooled, the
cooled, the happy person, the person who feels happy, to live While
living.“Always”, always; everything; all times; constant; eternal time;
constant; continuous; uninterrupted; successive; the birth of water waves
without intermittent; continually accompanied to make it reach; in the morning,
Afternoon, first night, midnight, after night; in black moon, moon, rainy
season, winter, summer; in adolescence, middle age, old age. “Mindful person
(of)”, in four ways: when the practice is mindful in the body, when the practice
is to be seen in the minds, when the practice is to be seen in the minds, when
the practice is mindful Of, when practicing in law follow the law to read the
idea... (medium) he is called the mindful.” For always mind, quenching thirst
lovers.

“After the extinguished bichu consideration”: “after consideration is called
wisdom, that is Hui, understanding, simple selection, examination... (medium)
insane, choice, positive. “After consideration”, after consideration, after
knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, after the
separation, after figuring out: “Everything is constant” after consideration,
after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, After
figuring out; “Everything is bitter”... (middle) “All laws are without me”...
“Any set is extinguished”... “Any collection is extinguished” after
consideration, after knowing, understanding, after measuring, After judging,
after each, after figuring out.

Or, [seen as] is confinitely considered, after knowing... (medium) is bitter...
is sick... is the tumor... is the arrow... (medium) is out of consideration,
after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, After judging, after each,
after figuring out. “Extinguished”, the greedy makes extinguished state is
extinguished; the state is extinguished; the devil makes extinguished state is
extinguished; angry... resentment... hiding evil... arbitrary... ... jealous...
skinny... hypocritical... cunning... stubborn... passionate... slow... slow...
slow... uncomfortable... all polluted... all evil deeds... all upset. ... all
the irritated... all the heat (torment)... all mismade so that the state is
extinguished. “Bichu,” the state of destruction of the Seven Acts is Bichu...
The finished and then extinct he is Picchu. After consideration for the
extinguished bichu.

“There is no shaking for him”: “For him”, for Arrohan; for those who have been
exhausted. “Shake”, the shaking of love, the shaking of the see, the slow shake,
the shake of pollution, the shake of the desire, for him these shaking, they do
not exist, do not exist, not known, not found, have been cut off, cut off ,
Calmed down, stopped, could not be born, was burned by wisdom fire. For him
there is no shake.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldest: “Mile!”] In all desires there is a Gandier, always mindful, from
thirst,

After taking into account the extinguished Picchu, for him there is no shaking.”

11. he knew on both sides, after considering that it was not contaminated in the
    middle,

I said he was a “big husband,” he surpassed the tailor here. [AN.6.61]

“He knows on both sides, consider not contaminated in the middle”: “side”, touch
is one side, touch set is the second side, the touch set is the second side, the
past is the second side, the future is the second side, now in the middle;
pleasure is one side, bitter It is the second side, and does not suffer in the
middle; the name is one side, the color is the second side, and the sixth side
is the second side, in the middle; the body is one side, a body set is the
second side, and there is destruction In the middle. After consideration is
called Hui, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) obsession, choice, positive.

“Adhesion”: There are two kinds of adhesion: [because] love adhesion and
[because] see sticking... (medium) This is the adhesion of thirsty love...
(medium) This is the adhesion of see. What is the sticking of thirsty love? All
are called as bounds, as realms, as ranges, as fanned boundaries, clutched, and
treated as their own: This is mine, this is mine, so much is mine, so much is
mine, this is mine, so much is mine, and this is The range is mine; [my] colors,
sounds, smells, taste, touching, spreading things, coat, maid and maid, goat and
sheep, chicken and pig, elephant, cow and horse, mule, field, home, gold, Gold
coins, villages, towns, kings, places, treasures, warehouses, all the earth,
because of their thirst for love and treating them as their own, all 108 kinds
of thirsty love tide [AN.4.199], this is Thirsty love sticking.

What is Seen Adhesion? There are twenty, ten wickedness, ten perimeter, ten
perimeter, all like this, the evil, the jungle, the desertSeeing, distorted,
shaken, bound of the seize, accept, hold, execute, evil way, evil path, evil
way, evil, outward, opsified (vipariyesa) clenching, upside down (vipariyesa)
viparīta) clasp, the clasp of vipallāsa, the clasping of evil, the clasping of
the “untrue [seen] as true”, all came to the place of 62 evil opinions, This is
see the sticking.

“He knows on both sides, and is not contaminated in the middle after
consideration, after knowing, after knowing, after understanding, after
measuring, judging, after the difference, after figuring out, not contaminated,
not painted Dyed, not dyed, not dyed, not completely dyed, no dyed, departed,
departed, freed, unbound, he lived with a restrained heart.” For him to know on
both sides, consider not contaminated in the middle.

“I say he is the “big husband”: “The husband is the highest, the winner, the
winning, the first, the highest, the first, the first, the first, the first, the
first. I say to him, I tell him, I talk to him, I speak to him, I speak to him,
I speak to

His Holiness Sharif said to Worldest, “Great Deed! Known as “big husband, big
husband”, Daedeu! What is a big husband? “Sherifer! I say that the liberated man
is a “big husband”; I say that the unliberated man is a “non-big husband.”

Sherifer! How to be free? Sherifer! Here, Bichu lives in their own body,
enthusiasm, cognizance, mindfulness, mindfulness, can revolve for the world's
greed, worry, when he lives in the body, the heart dyed, in order to not perform
and relieve from the troubles; in Subject to... (medium) in the heart... live in
the law follow the law, enthusiasm, cognition, mind, can revolve for the world
of greed, worry, when he lives in the law after the law, the heart dyed, to do
not implement and from Trouble relief. Sherifer! So Bichu had heart relief.
Sherifer! I say that the liberated man is a “big husband”; I say that the
unliberated man is a “non-big husband.” For me, he was a “big husband.”

“He surpassed the tailor here”: “The tailor is called thirsty love, which is
greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. Whosoever is for
him this tailor, whose love is cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, cannot be
born, burned by wisdom fire, he transcends, conquered the tailor, thirst, has
crossed, and overcame. ” For him here beyond the tailor.

Because then, Worldman said:

“He knew on both sides, and after considering that he was not contaminated in
the middle,

I said he was a “big husband,” he surpassed the tailor here.”

At the end of the Ode, those who live with the same will, the same effort, the
same intent, the same dwelling as Brahmen, the eyes of thousands of biological
dusts and fouling are born: “Any collection is the law of extinction.” The heart
of Brahmen freed from the troubles by not being acted upon. Along with reaching
the realm of Alrohan, sheepskin, knot, bark coats, sticks, long salites, hair
and beard are disappeared, become bald heads, cassock clothes, coats, bowls,
clothes, as their meaning behavior Gassho salute worldship, sit down: “Daedeu
Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”

The second note that Brahmen asked by Low Shermyler student [Completed].




Excerpt:
1. on both sides and in the middle of the non-polluted beyond the tailor (=
   thirsty love).
2. has been extinguished (= Nirvana) always mind, from thirst love. 10/17/2020
   15:05