

















13. [Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!”] And any of these fairy people, people, the
    Chadirites, and the Brahmen to the angels,

There are many sacrifices here in the world, Fu Lou Nagar! I look forward to the
“reincarnation] state and make sacrifice in accordance with the aging of them.

“All these fairy people and people”: “Whom whatsoever, all completely, in every
aspect, without any surplus, the whole land, this is the word of all, for
“whosoever.” “Immortals”, named fairy people, whoever came out into hermit
(fairy), out of the house, wicked outdoers, Nigantas, the hair of the hair, the
bitter. “People” are called human. For [Worldhotel: “Rich Nagar!”] Where any of
these fairy people, people.

“The Chaldiriers and the Brahmen to the angels”: “The Chaldiriers,” whosoever is
born of the Ch “Brahmen,” whoever calls a gentleman to someone else. “To the
angels,” the wicked outdoers of the wicked aisterways the angels... (middle) the
position of the retakers, the angels who are worthy of support for them are
their angels.” For the Chamdiriers and the Brahmen to the angels.

“There are many sacrifices here in the world”: “The sacrifice is called a
sacrifice: clothing, feeding, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, food,
drinks... (middle) bed, premises , lamp candles. “For sacrifice”, whosoever they
seek, seek, and seek for a sacrifice... they bedridden, houses, and candles,
they also make sacrifice: whosoever they give, feed, and dwellings, give, feed,
and dwellings, Patients whose needs, medical necessities, food, drinks...
(medium) bedridden, premises, light candles, they also make sacrifices. “Many,”
these sacrifices are many, or the priests of these sacrifices are many, or these
are many worthy of the breadwinner... “This is in the world,” in the world of
men.” To make sacrifices for many here in the world.

“Rich House Nagar! Looking forward to this[Reincarnation] State”: “Looking
forward”, looking forward to coloring; looking forward to the acquisition of
sound; looking forward to the acquisition of smell; looking forward to the
acquisition of taste; looking forward to the acquisition of the son Looking
forward to the acquisition of his wife; Looking forward to the acquisition of
property; to the acquisition of prestigious reputation; Looking forward to the
acquisition of sovereignty; looking forward to the acquisition of individuals in
Chatilee's home in the General Assembly Hall; The individual access of Brahmen
family; looking forward to the individual acquisition of the house owner's home
in the City Hall; looking forward to the acquisition of individuals in the four
kings heaven; looking forward to the day... in the night in the sky... ... In
Rakuten... in his comfort... in the Heavens of the individual gain, want,
accept, hope, pray for, pray.” Looking forward to.

“Rich House Nagar! [Looking forward to] this [reincarnation] state”: “Looking
forward to the regeneration of the individual here; looking forward to the
regeneration of the individual in Cha Tirie's home with the City Hall... The
regeneration of the individual, wanting, accepting, hoping, looking for, pray.
For the rich building Naga! I look forward to such [reincarnation] state.

“They make a sacrifice according to the aging of them”: “Stop the aging, the
sick, the dead, by sorrow, sorrow, bitterness, worries, and despair. When they
are born, then they are those who stop aging, and when they are in the order of
aging, then they are sick, and when they are sick, then they shall die. And when
they are dead, they are the ones who are sadness, sorrow, sorrow, grief, and
despair; and when they are in sorrow, sorrow, bitterness, and in despair, then
they will rest in interest; and when they are in interest when they are reborn,
and when they are by regeneration, then they shall be born, and when they are
born upon, then they will rest on there, and when they are by Then they were in
their turn; and when they were in their turn, then they were the ones who
rotated: those who were glued, trapped, stained, and those who were directed
towards their hearts. To make a sacrifice for them who are old.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldmark: “Rich Lou Nagar!”] And any of these fairy people, people, the
Chadirites, and the Brahmen to the angels,

There are many sacrifices here in the world, Fu Lou Nagar! I look forward to
this [reincarnation] state, according to their aging sacrifice.

14. [As His Holiness the Rich House Nagar:] Any of these immortals, people, the
    Chadirites and the Brahmen to the angels,

There are many sacrifices here in the world, Worldworld! Is it true that those
who do not relax on the road of sacrifice

Living through birth and aging, dear sir? Worldworld, I ask you, please tell me
this.

“Any of these fairy people, people”: “whatsoever”...

“Worldworld! Really those who do not relax on the road of sacrifice”: ““whether
it is true”, “questioning of doubts, confusion questions, doubts, questioning,
more than one question, so as to reverse the question, the anti-speech, Why, in
the end, why?” for “Is it true”. “Those” are priests who are sacrifice.
“Worldworld”, “synonyms of respect... Anrat (Kana), who testified (medium), that
is Worldworld.” For Worldworld! Is it really those. “On the road of sacrifice”,
the sacrifice is called the road of sacrifice, such as the holy road; heaven is
heaven road; Van Dao is Van Lu, the same, the sacrifice is called the road of
sacrifice. “Those who do not relax”, who do not relax on the road of sacrifice
are respectful authors, regular authors, non-stop authors, those who have not
been adhered to, who do not hesitantly will, that character, more than that
person, the heavier, The one who is the object, toward him who strives, tilts to
him, to the overseer, to the overarching, to whom they are not allowed in the
way of sacrifice: whosoever they seek, seek, and seek the clothing of the
sacrifice, and give food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, food,
drinks... (middle) bedridden, house, light candlestick, they are respectful
authors... (medium) who add to it, they are not on the road to sacrifice Those
who prepare for sacrifice clothing, food, shelter, patient needs, medical
necessities, food, drinks... (medium) bedridden, premises, candles, they are
respectful authors... To whom they are added, they are also those who do not
relax on the way of sacrifice; whosoever they give, feed, feed, shelter,
patient's needs, medical necessities, food, drinks... (Medium) bed, house, light
candleBut they are respectful authors... And they are those who add to it, they
are also those who do not relax on the way of sacrifice.” For Worldworld! Is it
true that those who do not relax on the road of sacrifice?

“Living through birth and aging, dear sir”: “Aging, death they spend, transcend,
pass, pass, overcome. “Dear Sir,” this is synonyms of love, respect, respect and
obedience for dear gentlemen.” To survive birth and aging, dear sir?

“Worldly I ask you, tell me this”: 'I ask thee, I ask thee; I beg thee; I beg
thee; thou shalt make me clear; 'Tell me about it for me. ' “Worldworld”,
synonyms of respect... Anrat (Kana), the testimony of “Worldworld”. “Please tell
me this,” please say, please explain, please tell you, please tell, please
build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please
explain.” For Worldhotel I ask you, please tell me this.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“[As His Holiness the Rich Lou Nagar:] any of these immortals, people, the
Chedrees, and the Brahmen to the angels,

There are many sacrifices here in the world, Worldworld! Is it true that those
who do not relax on the road of sacrifice

Living through birth and aging, dear sir? Worldworld, I ask you, Tell me this.”

15. [Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!”] They look forward, appreciate, pray, give,

They pray for profit, and they are dedicated to giving, greedy, and I say they
have not lived “born, old.”

“They expect, appreciate, pray, give”: “'They expect ', 'they expect color; they
expect sound; they expect smells; they expect taste; they expect taste. access
to touch; [they expect their sons;] they expect their wives to acquire; they
look forward to the acquisition of property; they look forward to the
acquisition of reputation; they expect sovereignty; they look forward to a The
acquisition of individuals in the house of Chatedili; in the Brahmen house with
the City Hall... (Carid) they look forward to the individual acquisition in the
home of the owners of the City Hall; in the four kings... they look to
individual in the Heavens Obtain, they want, they seek, and they pray. Look
forward to them.

“They appreciate,” 'they appreciate the sacrifice, or they appreciate the
outcome, or they appreciate those who should be bred for. How do they appreciate
the sacrifice? The bestingest is pure, and the bestinged is the consensual, the
bestinged is timely, and it is appropriate, after the choice, and the bestings
are without fault, and the bestings are contiguous (the usual) The giving is the
faithful of the heart. They praise, praise, praise and praise, so they admire
the sacrifice.

How do they appreciate the results? “For such reasons will surely be obtained in
color... (medium) will surely be acquired by individuals in the heavens.” They
appreciate, praise, praise, praise, and they appreciate the results.

How do they appreciate those who should be depended? “The dependents are born
(descent) sufficient, surnames (lineage), readers, spells, three vedic
vocabulary, ritual track, phonetic theory and language theory, ancient history
is the fifth proficiency, Holy sentence of the knowledge of grammar, “in the
world with the big husband without deficiencies”, away from the greedy or for
the dereliction of the wretched, the outsider or for the dereliction, the
outsider or for the sake of the misgivings The walk, the believer, the foot of
the restraint, the fixture, the man who is well enough, the liberation of the
man with the full, the free of the wise. They praise, praise, praise, praise,
and they admire those who deserve to be depended.” We look forward to them and
appreciate.

“They pray,” “They pray for color, they pray for the acquisition of color, they
pray for the acquisition of the sound color, the acquisition of their smell,
their taste... Individual acquisition. They look forward, appreciate, pray.
“They offer,” they offer, give, sacrifice, alms, clothes, food, shelter,
patient's needs, medical necessities, food, beverages, cloth, transportation,
garlands, spices, oiled, bed, Houses, lights, candles. For [Worldhotel: “Rich
Nagar!”] They look forward, appreciate, pray, give.

“They pray for profit”: “For the acquisition of color, they pray on their
desire; for the acquisition of the voice they pray on their desire... (medium)
from the acquisition of individuals in the heavens they pray in their desire,
Hope.” Pray for their desire for profit.

“They are devotes to offering, and greedy, I sayThey have not been born and
aged. ““They are called priests of the sacrifice. “The devotion of the
offering,” “the yoke of the devotion, the strong yoke, toward the upper yoke,
toward the upper yoke, the man of character, the more, the heavier, the person
who is the object of it, toward it. Those who work, to the incline, to the
triumph, to him who increases to him.” For them is the devotion of giving. The
“greedy”, whoever has a will, some greedy, some joy, thirst love, have love,
some of them are irritated, obsessed with, and desirous to take is called
greedy. There is greed, greedy, tied, obsessed, dyed, attached, entrenched,
obstructed, obstructed. For them are dedicated to giving, and the greedy of the
corrupt.

“I say they have not lived “birth, old,” “““and “those who are committed to the
offering, the greedy, born, old, dead, they did not pass, did not pass, did not
pass, did not overcome, born, Aging, death is not left, not to be left, not
crossed, not crossed, not overcome, they turn back in birth, aging, death, they
turn on the cycle, accompanied by birth, followed by the old, sick Conquest,
tortured by death, for no shelter, no refuge, no return, no return. I said, I
explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret, I clarify, I
explain.” For they are dedicated to giving, and greedy, I say they have not
lived “born, old.”

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldmark: “Rich Lou Nagar!”] They look forward, appreciate, pray, give,

They pray for profit, and they are dedicated to giving, greedy, and I say they
have not lived “born, old.”

16. [His Holiness the Fullounagh like this:] If those dedicated to the offering
    did not spend sacrifice, birth and aging, dear sir!

So who, in heaven and in the world of men, lived through birth and aging, dear
sir? Worldworld, I ask you, please tell me this.

“If the devotes of the offering do not pass”: “The priests of the sacrifice, the
devotes of the sacrifice, the greedy, the corrupt, born and old; they have not
passed, did not pass, did not pass, did not pass, did not pass, not Overcome,
born, aging, death is not left, not left, not crossed, not overtaken, not
overcome, they turn within birth, aging, death, they turn on the cycle, they are
born accompanied by birth, being accompanied by Old follow, conquered by
disease, tortured by death, for no shelter, no refuge, no return, no return. For
if those who gave the devotion did not spend.

“[Like this]”: “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence... (medium) His
Holiness Fu Lou Nagar.

“By sacrifice... Birth and aging, dear Mr.”: “By sacrifice,” with many
sacrifices, for a variety of sacrifices, and many sacrifices. “Dear Sir,” this
is synonyms of love, respect, respect and obedience for dear gentlemen.” For the
sacrifice... birth and aging, dear sir.

“Then whoever is in heaven, and in the world of men, through birth and aging,
dear sir”: “And who is born in the world of heaven and demon, and in the world
of God, including Salmon, Brahmen, Heaven, and in the generations of men, Aging,
death he passes, transcends, passes, crosses, overcame. “Dear Sir,” this is
synonyms of love, respect, respect and obedience for dear gentlemen.” For such
words who spend birth and aging in heaven, in the world of men, dear sir!

“Worldly I ask you, tell me this”: 'I ask thee, 'I ask thee; I beg thee; I beg
thee; thou shalt make me clear; tell me, tell me. ' “Worldworld”, synonyms of
respect... Anli (Kana), the testimony of “Worldworld”. “Please tell me this,”
please say, please explain, please tell you, please tell, please build, please
uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain.” For
Worldhotel I ask you, please tell me this.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“[His Holiness the Fullounagh, like this:] If those who sacrifice the devotion
did not spend sacrifice, born and aged, dear sir!

And then who spent birth and aging in heaven and in the world of men, dear sir?
Worldworld, I ask you, Tell me this.”

17. [Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!”] After considering the upper and lower in the
    world, for him there is no wavering place in the world,

Silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I sayHe spent “birth, aging.”
[AN.3.32]

“Consider the world up and down”: after consideration is called wisdom, that is
Hui, understanding... (medium) insane, choice, positive. “Up and down”, the
lower is known as their own personal, upper is called other individuals; lower
is called their own color to think, the upper is known as the other person's
color is thought of behavior; lower is called six inner, upper is called six
outside; lower is The world called man, the upper is called the world of heaven;
lower is called the world of desire, the upper is called color boundaries,
colorless; lower is called the bounds of desire, the color boundary, the upper
is called colorless. “Consider the upper and lower in the world”: “Consider the
upper and lower as the confines, bitter, sick, for... (medium) for departure,
after he considers, after knowing, understanding, after measuring, judging,
after each, get Clear post.” For consideration of the world up and down after.

“[Worldroom: “Rich Nagar!” : ““The Rich House Nagar,” Worldman named the Brahman
by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonyms for respect... (medium) is Worldworld.”
For [Worldhotel: “Rich Nagar!”]

“For him there is no wavering place in the world”: “For him, for Arrohan; for
those who have troubled. “Shake”, the shaking of love, the shaking of the see,
the slow shake, the shake of pollution, the shaking of the desire, for him they
are not, do not exist, not known, not found, have been cut off, cut off, Calmed
down, stopped, could not be born, burned by wisdom fire. “Anywhere”, wherever,
wherever, inside or outside. “In the world,” in the worlds of bitter worlds...
For him there is no wavering place in the world.

“Silent, smokeless, no distress, hopeless, I said he spent “birth, aging”:
“silence”, greedy has silence is silent,... (medium) obsession... angry... The
resentment... hiding evil... all miscreated silence, quenched state, calmed down
state, extinguished state, cooled state, left state, stopped state silence,
silence The, calm down, the cooled, the stop.” For silence. “Smoke-free”, evil
deeds have been smoke-free, destroyed, withered, withered, withered, withered,
destroyed, withered, destroyed, withered, destroyed, withered, destroyed;
greed... Smoke-free, destroyed, withered, withered, destroyed; anger...
resentment... hiding evil... arbitrary... jealous... stingy... hypocrisy...
cunning... stubborn... Passion... Slow... extremely slow... Slow... Relax... all
pollution... all evil deeds... all troubles... all hot... all irritated... all
bad works have been smoke-free, destroyed, withered, withered, destroyed. Or,
anger is called smoke:

Brahmen! Slow is indeed your burden, anger is smoke, vain is gray,

The tongue is a dipper for sacrifice, the heart is the fire of sacrifice, and
the self of the good tone is the man's fire [SN.7.9]

Or, in ten lines of wrath was born: “He has done against me. [AN.9.29]” Anger
was born; “He did against me.” Anger is born; “He will do against me.” Anger is
born; “He has done against what I love and will do.” Anger is born; “He is
against what I love and will do.” Anger is born; “He will be against what I love
and will do.” Anger is born; “He has been in favor of what I do not love and
unintended deeds.” Anger is born; “He is good for what I do not love, and the
unintended deed.” Anger is born; “He will be good for what I do not love and the
unintended deed.” Anger is born; or anger is born unjustified. Where such heart
anger, hostility, evil, hostility, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, anger,
evil, evil, heart evil, arrogance, anger, angry state of anger, angry, angry,
angry state , Harm, anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, brutal anger,
anger, heart displeasure, which is called anger.

Moreover, the extreme and small states of anger should be percepted: sometimes
anger is just the degree of turbid, but not as much as the skimp frowning;
sometimes anger is the degree of frowning, but not as biting teeth. The extent
of; sometimes anger is only the degree of bite, but not the same degree as the
crude loud voice; sometimes anger is only the degree of loud loud words, but not
as the extent of looking around (with observation) [knife rod]; Anger is only
looking around the level, but not as far as the knife rodDegree; sometimes anger
is only the degree of acquisition of the knife rod, but not the degree of
pulling out of the rod; sometimes anger is only the degree of pulling out of the
rod, but not the degree of striking of the rod; sometimes anger is just the hit
of the rod to the extent, but not as much as the interruption is made; sometimes
anger is only the extent to which the interrupt was made, but not as much as the
breakdown is broken; sometimes anger is only rupture, but not as per limb.
Sometimes anger is only the extent of each limb pulled apart, but not as deadly;
sometimes anger is deadly, but not as far as abandonment has been abandoned.
When an anger kills others and kills himself, this is a situation where anger
arrives further to the rise and further reaches growth. Whoever is for him that
anger is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born, and burned
by wisdom fire, he is called a smoke-free.

The state of anger has been disconnected is smoke-free; the state of anger has
been known to be smoke-free; Anger is smoke-free because of its already known
state; Anger has been severed is smoke-free. “There is no distress,” greed is
distressed; the bitterness is distressed; anger is distressed; resentment is
distressed... The man who was cut off, calmed down, stopped, could not be born,
was burned by wisdom fire, he was called the untroubled.

“No desire”, desire is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium)
greed, greed, bad root. Whoever for him this desire is cut off, cut off, calmed
down, stopped, unable to be born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the
unwilling. “Birth”: all living beings, about each kind of human beings, birth,
birth, entry into [fetus], birth, all the unveiled, get to the place. “Aging”:
all beings, about the aging, aging, tooth fall, whitening, wrinkles, life
decline, degradation of the roots. “Silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I
said he spent “birth, aging”: “Where silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless,
hopeless, “born, aging, death he spends, transcends , pass, cross, overcome. I
said, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret, I clarify, I
explain.” For the silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I said he spent
“birth, aging.”

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldmark: “Rich Lou Nagar!”] After considering the upper and lower in the
world, for him there is no wavering place in the world,

Silent, smoke-free, distressed, hopeless, I said he spent “birth, aging.”

At the end of the Ode... (middle) Gassho salute worldship, sit down: “Daedeu!
Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”

The description asked by the Fu Lou Nagar student Brahman third [Completed].


Excerpt:
1. aging people expect the next life for sacrifice (= Busch), but did not
   survive the aging of birth.
2. do not shake (no love slow pollution), silence (calm all bad work), smokeless
   (sever anger), no distress, no desire (= no thirst love) through birth aging.
   10/17/2020 15:25