# 4

3. Explanations asked by the Brahmin by student Fulunaga student

12. [Venerable Fulounaga like this:] Those who are undisturbed, the seer
of the roots, come with questions in need,
The immortals, people, Kshatriyas, Brahmins,
Are there many sacrifices in the world here? Lord, I ask you, please tell me
this.

"The one who is not disturbed, the one who sees the root": ""Disturbance is
called craving, that is greed, ... and unwholesome roots. For the Buddhas and
the Blessed One that disturbance is cut off, the root has been cut off, just
like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, a non-living thing for
the future, so the Buddha is the undisturbed. In the disturbed state of
disconnection, the Blessed One does not waver; (???????) don’t shake when you
don’t get it; don’t shake when [have] reputation; don’t shake when you have no
reputation (bad reviews); don’t shake when you praise; don’t shake when you
reprimand; do not shake at times; do not shake, do not move, do not tremble, do
(?????). "The one who is not disturbed". "The one who sees the root", the
Blessed One sees the roots, is the seer of the cause, seer of the origin seer of
the waiting (origin), seer of the food (???), seer of the object, seer of the
condition, seer of the set of views.

There are three unwholesome roots: the unwholesome root of greed, of aversion,
and of ignorance.

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! There are causes and conditions for these
three kamma gatherings, which three are there? Greed is the cause and condition
of kamma, hatred is the cause and condition of kamma, and delusion is the cause
and condition of kamma. Bhikkhus! It's not because of greed, hatred, or delusion
that the heavens are known, people are known, or any good interests are known,
monks! But because of greed, hatred, and delusion, the hell world is known, the
animal world is known, the hungry ghost world is known, or any evil interest
[AN.6.39] Individuals in hell, the animal world, and the hungry ghost world are
known. These three unwholesome roots, the Blessed One knows and sees, and so so
Blessed One is the seer of the root... (Omitted) the seer. There are three good
roots: the good root of no greed, of no hatred, and of no delusion.

------
CHECKPOINT
-------

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! There are these three... (omitted) monks!
It's not that the hell of no greed, no hatred, no delusion is known, the animal
world is known, the hungry ghost world is known, or any evil interests are
known, monks! But with no greed, no hatred, no delusion, heaven is known, man is
known, or any good interest: the individual in the heaven and the world arises
and is known. The three-rooted Blessed One knows and sees, so the Blessed One is
the seer of the root... (omitted) the seer.

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! Any unwholesome Dhamma, unwholesome
division, unwholesome party [AN.1.56], all that are rooted in ignorance,
converge in ignorance, and eradicate with ignorance, then everything will be
eradicated. [SN.20.1]" The Blessed One knows and sees, and this is also the seer
of the Blessed One who is the root... (omitted).

This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! Bhikkhus! Any good law, good division, and
good party [AN.1.57], everything is rooted in unbridledness, and unbridled as
reunion, unbridled is said to be the number one among those laws. [SN.45.139]"
The Blessed One knows and sees, so that the Blessed One is the seer of the
root... (Omitted) the seer.

Or, the Blessed One knows and sees: "Ignorance is the root of action, action is
the root of consciousness, consciousness is the root of mind and form, mind and
form are the roots of six places, six are the roots of touch, touch is the root
of receiving, and feeling is The root of craving, craving is the root of taking,
taking the root of something, and having the root of growing, and birth is the
root of old age. The Blessed One knows and sees, and this is the one who sees
that the Blessed One is the root... (slightly omitted).

Or, the Blessed One knew and saw: "The eye is the root of eye disease, the ear
is the root of ear disease, the nose is the root of nasal disease, the tongue is
the root of tongue disease, the body is the root of body disease, and the mind
is the root of suffering. 』The Blessed One knows and sees, so the Blessed One
is the seer of the root, the seer of the cause, the seer of the cause, the seer
of the origin, the seer of the root, the seer of waiting (origin), the seer of
food, the The seer of the condition, the seer of the condition, the seer of the
collection. "Is the perturbator, the seer of the root.

"[Like this Venerable Fulou Nage]": "Like this", the continuation of the
sentence... (Omitted) Venerable Fulou Nage.

"The ones in need come with questions": I come with questions as needed, I come
if I want to ask questions, I come if I want to hear questions, so that the
needy comes with questions. Or, "the inquiries that belong to the question have
the need, the one who wants to ask the question, the one who wants to hear,
[there will be] the needy come, approach, approach, visit." This is also the
need to come by the question . Or yesWhen you have a question, you can and you
have enough reason to tell and answer the question I asked, "Please bear this
burden." In this way, it is also necessary to come with questions.

"Fairies, people who rely on something": "Rely on, rely on, stick to, enter, get
dyed, or turn their hearts toward something. "Fairies", who are named immortals,
and whoever monks become hermits or monks. "People" are called human beings."
People who depend on immortals and people.

"Kshatriyas, Brahmins to the gods": "'Kshatris,' everything that is born of
Kshatriya.'Brahmins', whoever calls others gentlemen.'To the gods', evil fate
The evil destiny of the disciple, the Niganta god of the disciple of Niganta,
the knotter god of the knotter disciple, the marcher god of the marcher
disciple, the exiled god of the exiled disciple (Thailand version), the
shouxiang ring The elephant god, the horse god of the horse ring, the bull god
of the bull ring, the dog god of the dog ring, the crow god of the crow ring,
the Vishnu god of the Vishnu ring , The power of the power ring-keeper, the man
of the virtuous ring, the man of the virtuous ring, the jewel of the virtuous
ring, the fire of the fire ring, the dragon and the god of the dragon ring, the
golden wings The golden-winged bird god of the bird ring, the Yaksha god of the
yaksha ring, the asura god of the asura ring watcher, the Gandha god of the
ganda ring, the great king god of the guard [heaven] the ring, and the moon
guard The Moon God of the Rings, the Sun God of the Ring Watchers, the Indra God
of the Indra Ring Keepers, the Brahma God of the Brahma Ring Keepers, the God
God of the Ring Keepers, the Location God of the Position Ring Keepers, Those
who are worthy of offering to them are their gods." For the Kshatriyas and
Brahmins to the gods.

"There are many animal sacrifices in the world": ""Sacrifice" is called donation
(casting method): clothing, food, shelter, necessities of the patient, medical
necessities, food, drink, cloth, transportation, Garlands, spices, oils, bed,
house, lamps and candles. "As an animal sacrifice", wherever they seek, pursue,
and beg for clothing, food, shelter, necessities of the sick, medical
necessities, food, drinks, Cloths, vehicles, garlands, spices, oiled, bedridden,
houses, lamps and candles are used as animal sacrifices; wherever they prepare
clothing, food, shelter, necessities for the sick, medical necessities, food,
drinks... …(Slightly omitted) Those who lie in beds, houses, lamps and candles
are also used as animal sacrifices; wherever they give, provide, and donate
clothing, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, food, drinks...
(Omitted) Those who lie in beds, houses, lamps and candles also make animal
sacrifices. "Many", these animal sacrifices are many, or the priests of these
animal sacrifices are many, or these are worthy of support. How about. Are there
many sacrifices of these animals? The clothes, food, shelter, necessities of the
sick, medical necessities, food, drinks, cloth, vehicles, garlands, spices, oil,
bed, houses, lamps and lanterns belong to Many, so these sacrifices are many.

How is it that there are many priests of these sacrifices? There are many
priests of these animal sacrifices: Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, laymen,
monks, heavens, and people, so there are many priests of these animal
sacrifices.

How is or are there many people who are worthy of support? There are many
Shamen, Brahmins, beggars, travelers, wanderers, and beggars who are worthy of
offering, so there are many worthy of offering. "Here is in the world", in the
human world. "Being here for many sacrifices in the world?"

"My Lord, I ask you, please tell me this": ""Inquiry", there are three kinds of
inquiry: inquiry about the explanation of the unseen, inquiry about the
confluence of the seen, and inquiry about the cut-off of doubt. What is the
unseen? Explaining inquiry? It was originally an unknowed, unseen, unmeasured,
unjudged, unclear, unclear characteristic, for the purpose of his wisdom,
seeing, measuring, judging, clear, and clear He asked a question, which was a
question of unseen explanation.

What is the confluence of what you see? It was originally a characteristic that
was known, seen, measured, judged, clear, and understood. He asked questions for
the purpose of confluence with other wise men. This is a question of confluence
of seen.

What is the question of cutting off doubt? It was originally a jump-in (Sri
Lanka version) doubter, jump-in doubter, and doubter: "Is that so? Isn't it
true? what is it then? How is it? He asks questions for the purpose of severance
of doubt. This is an inquiry of severance of doubt. These are three types of
queries.

The next three kinds of inquiry: human inquiry, non-human inquiry, and human
inquiry. What is a human inquiry? People asked [questions] after they went to
see the Buddha and the World-Honored One: asked the bhikkhus, asked the
bhikkhus, asked the Uvasai, asked the Uvayis, asked the kings, asked the
Kshatriya, asked the Brahmins, and asked Vaisha Ask, ask the dhamma, ask the lay
people, ask the monks, this is a human question.

What is an inhuman inquiry? The non-people asked questions after they went to
see the Buddha and the Blessed One: asked the dragons, asked the golden-winged
birds, asked the yasha, asked the asuras, asked the gandapo, asked the kings,
asked the Indra, asked the Brahmas , Asked the gods, this is an inhuman inquiry.

What is the inquiry of the huaren? All the physical bodies and limbs of the
world-zun’s creative intentions are not lacking in the roots. The
transfiguration asks questions after seeing the Buddha and the world-zun, and
the world-zun answers [him]. This is a trans-human inquiry. These are three
types of queries.

The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry for one's own benefit, inquiry for the
benefit of others, and inquiry for the benefit of both. The next three
inquiries: inquiries about current interests, inquiries about future interests,
and inquiries about highest interests. The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry
of the benefit of no fault, inquiry of the benefit of no pollution, and inquiry
of the pure benefit. The next three types of queries: [about] past queries,
future queries, and current queries. The next three inquiries: [about] inquiries
within oneself, inquiries outside oneself, and inquiries within and outside
oneself. The next three inquiries: [about] good inquiries, unkind inquiries, and
non-remembering inquiries. The next three types of queries: [about] Yun, Jie,
and Chu. The next three inquiries: [About] Inquiry about Mindfulness, Inquiry
about Diligence, Inquiry about Spiritual Content. The next three kinds of
inquiry: [about] the root inquiry, the strength inquiry, the enlightenment
inquiry. The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry of Tao, inquiry of fruit,
inquiry of Nirvana.

"I ask you", "I ask you; I beg you; I beg you; you make me clear; please tell
me" to ask you for me. "World Zun", which is synonymous with respect... Anri
(pseudonym) who testified, namely "World Zun". "Please tell me this", please
say, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover,
please analyze, please clarify, please explain. "For the Lord, I ask you, please
tell me this.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Fulou Nage like this:] Those who do not disturb, the seer of the
roots, come with questions in need,

The immortals, people, Kshatriyas, Brahmins,

Are there many sacrifices in the world here? Lord, I ask you, please tell me
this. "

13. [World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"] Any of these fairies, people, Kshatriyas,
    Brahmins and gods,

There are many sacrifices here in the world, Fu Lou Na Ge! Looking forward to
this state of [reincarnation], relying on their aging as animal sacrifices.

"Any of these immortals, people": ""everything", all completely, completely in
every aspect, without surplus, the whole earth, this is the word used
everywhere, it is "anything". "Fairy people" , The name of the immortal, any
monk who becomes a hermit (immortal), a monk, an evil man, Ni Qiantuo, a
knotter, and an ascetic. "People" are called human beings." It is [世尊: "富"
Lou Na Ge!"] Any of these immortals, people.

"Kshatriyas, Brahmins to the gods": "'Kshatris,' everything that is born of
Kshatriya.'Brahmins', whoever calls others gentlemen.'To the gods', evil fate
The evil destiny of the disciples outside the gods... (omitted) The location
gods of the guardians of the direction ring, and those who are worthy of
offering to them are their gods." For the Kshatriya, the Brahmins and the gods.

"There are many animal sacrifices in the world": ""Sacrifice" is called donation
(casting method): clothing, food, shelter, necessities of the patient, medical
necessities, food, beverages... (abbreviated) , Houses, lamps and candles. "As
animal sacrifices." Anyone who seeks, pursues, and begs for animal sacrifices
all over... , All over the clothing, food, shelter, necessities of the sick,
medical necessities, food, drinks... (omitted) those who lie in bed, house, lamp
and candle, they also make animal sacrifices. "Many", these animal sacrifices
are many, or the priests of these animal sacrifices are many, or these are
worthy of support are many... (omitted) This is or these are worthy of support
are many. "Here is in the world", in the human world. "For many sacrifices in
the world here.

"Fu Lou Na Ge! Looking forward to thisThe state of [reincarnation]": ""Looking
forward", looking forward to the acquisition of coloring; looking forward to the
acquisition of sound; looking forward to the acquisition of smell; looking
forward to the acquisition of taste; looking forward to the acquisition of
touch; looking forward to the acquisition of his son; Looking forward to the
acquisition of his wife; looking forward to the acquisition of property; looking
forward to the acquisition of fame; looking forward to the acquisition of
sovereignty; looking forward to the acquisition of individuals in the Kshatriya
home with the Great Hall; looking forward to the acquisition of individuals in
the Brahmin home with the Great Hall ; Looking forward to the acquisition of
individuals in the homes of the homeowners with the Great Hall; Looking forward
to the acquisition of individuals in the four kings of heaven; Looking forward
to being in the sky...In the sky of night...In the sky of Tusita...In Hua In
optimism...in the heavens of others...in the Brahman heavens the individual
gains, wanting, accepting, aspiring, eagerly looking forward, and praying." For
anticipation.

"Fu Lou Na Ge! [I look forward to] such a state of [reincarnation]": "I look
forward to the rebirth of the individual here; I look forward to the rebirth of
the individual here in the Kshatriya home with the Great Hall... (omitted)
Looking forward to the rebirth of the individual here in the Brahma Heaven,
wanting, receiving, aspiring, eagerly looking forward, and praying." For Fulou
Nage! Looking forward to this state of [reincarnation].

"They depend on aging as animal sacrifices": "Those who depend on aging, those
who are sick, those who depend on death, those who depend on sorrow, grief,
suffering, sorrow, and despair. When they are born on dependant, then When they
are dependent on aging; when they are dependent on aging, then they are
dependent on sickness; when they are dependent on sickness, then they are
dependent on death; when they are dependent on death At that time, they are
dependent on sorrow, sorrow, suffering, sorrow, and despair; when they are
dependent on sorrow, sorrow, suffering, sorrow, and despair, then they are
dependent on interest; when they are When they are dependent on interest, then
they are dependent on rebirth; when they are dependent on rebirth, then they are
dependent on rebirth; when they are dependent on rebirth, then they are
dependent on When they are dependent, then they are dependent on reincarnation;
when they are dependent on reincarnation, then they are dependent on
reincarnation: stuck, trapped, infected Those who are moving, and those whose
hearts are turned towards.” As an animal sacrifice for them who rely on aging.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"] All these immortals, people, Kshatriyas, Brahmins,
to the gods,

There are many sacrifices here in the world, Fu Lou Na Ge! Looking forward to
this state of [reincarnation], relying on their aging as animal sacrifices. "

14. [Venerable Fulou Nagar like this:] Any of these immortals, people,
    Kshatriyas, Brahmins, and gods,

There are many sacrifices in the world, Lord! Are they really those who do not
let go on the road of sacrifice,

Through birth and aging, dear sir? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"Anything these immortals, people": "Anything"... (omitted).

"Master! Is it true that those who do not let go on the road of animal
sacrifice": """Is it true", "question of doubt, question of confusion, question
of doubt, question of more than one question, this is a rhetorical question,
question irony , Why on earth, why on earth?" is "is it true". "Those" are
priests of animal sacrifices. "World Zun", "respect synonymous... (abbreviated)
Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, World Zun." "For the World Zun! Are
they really those. "Those who do not let go on the road of animal sacrifice",
the animal sacrifice is called the animal sacrifice road, such as the holy road
is the holy road; the heaven is the sky road; the Sanskrit road is the Sanskrit
road, similarly, the animal sacrifice is called the animal sacrifice road.
"Never let go", those who do not let go on the road of animal sacrifice are
respectful authors, constant authors, non-stop authors, those who are not stuck
in the habit, those who do not neglect their desires, those who have the
character, those who have more, and those who are more important. The one, the
one who targets that, the one who strives, the one who leans, the one who
overcomes, the one who increases, they are those who do not let go on the road
of animal sacrifice: whoever they seek, pursue, and beg The clothing, food,
shelter, necessities of the sick, medical necessities, food, drinks... (slightly
omitted) those who are bedridden, houses, lamps and candles, they are respectful
authors... (slightly omitted) to those who increase, Then they are those who do
not let go on the road of animal sacrifices; whoever prepares clothing, food,
shelter, patients’ necessities, medical necessities, food, drinks... (omitted)
those who lie in bed, house, lamp, etc. Respectful authors... (slightly omitted)
To those who increase, they are also those who do not let go on the road of
sacrifice; wherever they give, provide, and donate clothing, food, shelter, and
necessities of the sick, Medical necessities, food, beverages... (omitted) bed,
house, lightsThose, they are respectful authors... (slightly omitted) To those
who increase, then they are also those who do not let go on the road of
sacrifice. "For the Lord! Are they really those who do not let go on the road of
sacrifice.

"Through birth and aging, dear sir": "Aging and death they pass, transcend,
pass, pass, and overcome. "Dear Sir", this is a synonym for love, respect,
respect, and obedience. Dear Sir." To survive birth and aging, dear Sir?

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ""I ask you", I ask you; I beg you; I
ask you; you make me clear; "Please tell me," ask you for me. "World Honored", a
respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is,
"World Honored." "Please tell me this", please tell me, please explain, please
teach, please inform, please Establish, please uncover, please analyze, please
clarify, please explain." For the world, I ask you, please tell me this.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Fulou Nagar like this:] Any of these immortals, people, Kshatriya,
Brahmins, to the gods,

There are many sacrifices in the world, Lord! Are they really those who do not
let go on the road of sacrifice,

Through birth and aging, dear sir? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this. "

15. [World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"] They look forward to, admire, pray, and offer,

They pray for desire because of gain. They are dedicated confessors and greedy
greedy people. I say that they have not survived "birth or aging."

"They expect, appreciate, pray, and offer": ""They expect", "They expect the
acquisition of color; they expect the acquisition of sound; they expect the
acquisition of smell; they expect the acquisition of taste; they expect the
acquisition of touch; [They look forward to the acquisition of their son;] They
look forward to the acquisition of their wives; they look forward to the
acquisition of property; they look forward to the acquisition of fame; they look
forward to the acquisition of sovereignty; they look forward to the acquisition
of individuals in the Kshatriya home with the Great Hall; In the Brahmin's home
in the synagogue... (omitted) They look forward to the individual acquisition in
the homes of the house owner with the Great Hall; in the four kings of heaven...
they look forward to the individual acquisition in the Brahman heavens, they
want, they want, they hope , They prayed." Looking forward to them.

"They appreciate", "They appreciate the animal sacrifice, or they appreciate the
result, or they appreciate the one who should be offered. How do they appreciate
animal sacrifices? What is done is pure, what is done is satisfactory, what is
done is wonderful, what is done is timely, what is done is appropriate, what is
done is after selection (review), what is done is not faulty, Giving is
continuous (usual), giving is pure and convincing. They admire, praise, praise,
praise, they admire animal sacrifices in this way.

How do they appreciate the results? "The cause and cause like this will surely
be gained in color... (Omitted) There must be individual gains in the Brahma
Heaven. 』They admire, praise, praise, praise, they praise the result in this
way.

How do they appreciate those who should be supported? "Those who should be
supported are those with sufficient birth (blood line), those with sufficient
surnames (family), readers, mantra holders, the vocabulary, rituals, phonology
and etymology of the Three Vedics, and ancient history as the fifth Those who
know well, those who know the sacred sentences, those who understand grammar,
"the one who is not deficient in the worldly relationship with a man," the one
who is free from greed or for the sake of greed, the one who is free from greed,
or the one who is abusive for the sake of aversion, The idiots or those who tune
in for the sake of ignorance, those who believe in sufficient, those who have
restraint, those who have sufficiency, those who have sufficient wisdom, those
who have sufficient liberation, those who have sufficient liberation, and those
who have wisdom see sufficient. 』They admire, praise, praise, praise, they
praise those who should be supported in this way. "I look forward to and
appreciate them.

"They prayed", "They prayed for the acquisition of color, they prayed for the
acquisition of color, they prayed for the acquisition of sound and color, their
smell, their taste... (Omitted) They prayed for the acquisition of individuals
in the Brahma. They look forward to, appreciate, and pray. "They offer", they
offer, give, sacrifice, give away clothes, food, shelter, patients’ necessities,
medical necessities, food, drinks, cloth, vehicles, garlands, spices, oiling,
bed, room Houses, lights and candles. "It is [World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"] They
look forward to, appreciate, pray, and offer.

"They pray for desire because of gain": "They pray on desire due to the gain of
sex; they pray on desire due to the gain of sound... (Omitted) due to the
individual gain in the Brahman Pray, hope." Pray for their desire for gain.

"They are dedicated confessors, greedy greed, I saidThey have not survived
"birth, senescence": """they" are called priests of animal sacrifices. "The
dedication of the offering", "the yoke, the strong, the yoke, the yoke, the
character, the more, the heavy, and the For the target, toward the effort,
toward the leaner, toward the overcomer, toward the increaser." For them, they
are dedicated to offering sacrifices. "A greedy person who has greed", whoever
has desire, greed, joy, thirst, love, passion, fascination, and desire to take
It is called the greed of existence. The greed of the existence is greedy,
greedy, bound, obsessed, tainted, attached, fixed, obstructed. "For them, they
are dedicated, greedy and greedy.

"I said they have not survived "birth and aging"", "Those who are dedicated to
offering sacrifices, greedy and greedy, they have not survived, surpassed,
passed, passed, passed, or died of birth, aging, and death. Overcome, birth,
aging, and death are not separated, not left, not crossed, not crossed, not
overcome, they turn in birth, aging, and death, they turn in the cycle of
rebirth, accompanied by birth, and aging Following, conquered by disease, and
tortured by death, there is no refuge, no refuge, no refuge, no refuge. I say, I
explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain.
"Because they are dedicated devotees and greedy greedy people, I say that they
have not lived through "birth and aging."

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"] They look forward to, admire, pray, offer,

They pray for desire because of gain. They are dedicated confessors, greedy
greedy people. I said they have not lived through "birth, aging". "

16. [Venerable Fulou Nage like this:] If those dedicated to offering sacrifices
    do not live through animal sacrifices, birth and aging, dear sir!

In that case, who lived through birth and aging in the world of heaven and man,
dear sir? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"If those dedicated to offering sacrifices have not survived": "The priests of
sacrifices, dedicated sacrifices, and greedy greedy people are born and old;
they have not survived, surpassed, and passed through death. , Did not cross,
did not overcome, birth, aging, death were not separated, not left, not crossed,
not crossed, not overcome, they reverted in birth, aging, and death, they
revolved in the cycle of rebirth, were Those who are accompanied by birth,
followed by old age, conquered by disease, and tortured by death are those who
have no shelter, no refuge, no place of refuge, and no refuge." For those who
make sacrifices have not survived.

"[Like this Venerable Fulou Nage]": "Like this", the continuation of the
sentence... (Omitted) Venerable Fulou Nage.

"Sacrifice with animals...Birth and senility, dear sir": ""Sacrifice with
animals", with many sacrifices, with various kinds of sacrifices, with many
sacrifices. "Dear sir", these are words of love and honor Synonymous with
respect and obedience is dear sir." It is the sacrifice of animals...birth and
senility, dear sir.

"In that case, who is in the world of heaven and man, through birth and aging,
dear sir": "And who is in this world including heaven, demons, and Brahman;
including the generations of Shamon, Brahman, heaven and man, Birth, aging, and
death he has passed, surpassed, passed, passed, and overcome. "Dear Sir", this
is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience for dear sir." Who is
there for such and such a thing? Through birth and aging in the world of heaven
and man, dear sir!

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ""I ask you", "I ask you; I beg you; I
beg you; you make me clear; please tell me" to ask you for me. " "Shizun", a
synonymous with respect...The Anri (pseudonym) who testifies, that is
"Worldzun". "Please tell me this", please tell me, please explain, please teach,
please inform, please establish, please You uncover, please analyze, please
clarify, please explain." For the world, I ask you, please tell me this.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Fulou Nage like this:] If those dedicated to offering sacrifices do
not live through animal sacrifices, birth and aging, dear sir!

And in that case, who is going through birth and aging in the world of heaven
and man, dear sir? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this. "

17. [World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"] After considering the ups and downs in the
    world, for him there is no wavering in the world,

Quiet, smokeless, without distress, without wish, I saidHe survived "birth and
aging". [AN.3.32]

"Considering the upper and lower in the world": After consideration, it is
called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) no delusion,
choice of law, right view. "Up and down", the lower part is called one's own
individual, and the upper part is called other individuals; the lower part is
called one's own physical perception, thinking, and consciousness; the upper
part is called other people's physical consciousness; , The upper is called the
six outer places; the lower is called the world of humans, the upper is called
the world of heaven; the lower is called the world of desire, the upper is
called the realm of material, and the world of colorlessness; the lower is
called the world of desire and material The world is called the colorless world.
"Considering the upper and lower in the world": "Considering the upper and lower
as impermanent, suffering, illness, carbuncle... (omitted) is after leaving,
after he considers, knows, understands, weighs, judges , After separation, after
clarification." To consider the upper and lower rears in the world.

"[World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"]": ""Fu Lou Na Ge", the Blessed One calls that
Brahmin by his name. "World Zun", which is synonymous with respect...
(abbreviated) means World Zun." [World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"]

"For him, there is nothing to waver in the world": ""For him", to the Arahat; to
the one who has exhausted troubles. "Shake", the wave of craving, the wave of
seeing, the slow For him, the shaking, the shaking of pollution, the shaking of
desire, these shaking, for him, they do not exist, do not exist, are not known,
are not discovered, they have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped,
unable to arise, and The fire of wisdom burns. "Anywhere", no matter where, no
matter where, no matter where, inside or outside or inside and outside. "In the
world", in the world of the suffering world... (omitted)." Because there is no
wavering in the world for him.

"Silent, smokeless, without distress, without desire, I say that he has survived
"birth, aging"": "silent", the greedy has been silent in the state of silence,
anger... (abbreviated) foolish ...Angry...resentful...hiding evil...all the
state of silence, calmed down, calmed down, extinguished, cooled, departed, and
ceased state of all unwholesome actions are Silent, silent, calmed, cooled,
stopped. "It's silent. "Smokeless", the evil deeds of the body are smokeless,
destroyed, dried up, withered, and eliminated; evil deeds of speech... (omitted)
The evil deeds of the mind are smokeless, destroyed, withered, withered, and
eliminated; greed … Anger… ignorance is smokeless, destroyed, dried up,
withered, and wiped out; anger… resentment… hides evil… bossy… envy… stingy…
fake… cunning… stubborn… Passion...slow...extremely slow...slow...slacking...all
pollution...all evils...all afflictions...all scorching heat...all heat
afflictions...all bad deeds are smokeless, destroyed, Has withered, has
withered, has been wiped out. Or, anger is called smoke:

Brahmin! Slowness is indeed your burden, anger is smoke, and lies are gray.

The tongue is the ladle for sacrifice, the heart is the furnace for sacrifice,
and the self that is good at tune is the fire of men. [SN.7.9]

Or, anger is aroused in ten forms: "He has been unfavorable to me. [AN.9.29]"
Anger is aroused; "He is unfavorable to me." Anger is raised; "He will be
unfavorable to me." Anger is aroused; "He has been unfavorable to my beloved and
desirable behavior." Anger is aroused; "He is unfavorable to my loved and
desirable behavior." Anger is aroused; "He will be unfavorable to my beloved,
Consensual behavior is unfavorable." Anger is raised; "He has benefited (has
benefit) to what I do not love and undesirable." Anger is raised; "He is
beneficial to what I do not love and undesirable. "Anger is aroused; "He will be
beneficial to what I do not love and unsatisfactory." Anger is aroused; or anger
is aroused in an unreasonable place. Any kind of anger, hostility, hatred,
hostility, anger, anger, anger, aversion, anger, evil, heart aversion, anger,
anger, anger, state of anger, aversion, anger, The state of anger, aggression,
anger, state of anger, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, rage, displeased
heart, this is called anger.

In addition, the extreme and small amount of anger should be perceived:
sometimes anger is only the degree of turbidity, but not as much as frowning and
frowning; sometimes anger is just as frowning and frowning, but not as much as
gritted teeth; sometimes Anger is just the degree of gritted teeth, but not as
much as the verbal abuse; sometimes anger is only the level of verbal abuse, but
not as much as looking around (follow the observation) [sword]; sometimes anger
is just looking around in all directions Degree, but not enough to take the
knife and stickDegree; sometimes anger is only the degree of the cane, but not
the degree of the cane; sometimes the anger is only the degree of the cane, but
not the degree of the sword; sometimes Anger is only the level of the cane’s
blow, but not enough to cut off what is done; sometimes anger is just the level
of cutting off what is done, but not enough to break and break; sometimes anger
is just broken and broken. Degree, but not as much as the degree to which each
limb is pulled apart; sometimes anger is only the degree to which each limb is
pulled apart, but not enough to kill; sometimes anger is just to kill but not
enough to give up Degree of independence. When the angry person kills himself
after killing others, this situation is that the anger further reaches the
increase, and the further reaches the increase. For him who is cut off, cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, or burned by intellectual fire, he is
called a smokeless person.

The state where anger has been cut off is smokeless; the state where anger has
been omniscience is smokeless; the state where anger has been ubiquitous is
smokeless; the state where anger has been cut off is smokeless. "No distress",
greed is distressed; anger is distressed; ignorance is distressed; anger is
distressed; resentment is distressed... (Omitted) All unwholesome deeds are
distressed. For him, these distresses are He who is cut off, cut off, calmed
down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom is called the
one who has no distress.

"Wishless", desire is called craving, that is greed, greed... (abbreviated)
greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him who this desire is cut off, cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is
called the one who has no desire. "Birth": Among all living beings, about the
birth, birth, entry into [fetus], birth, manifestation of various aggregates,
and attainment of each kind of sentient being. "Aging": Among all living beings,
about the aging, aging, tooth loss, whitening, wrinkles, declining life span,
and degeneration of the roots of each kind of living beings. "For those who are
silent, smokeless, without distress, and without desire, I say that he has
survived "birth, aging"": "Anyone who is silent, smokeless, without distress,
and without desire, "born, aging, and dying Overcome, transcend, pass, pass,
overcome." I say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I parse, I
clarify, I explain." It is silent, smoke-free, and without suffering For those
who have no desire, I said that he has survived "birth and aging."

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Fu Lou Na Ge!"] After considering the ups and downs in the world,
for him there is no wavering in the world,

Quiet, smokeless, no worries, no desires, I said that he has lived through
"birth, aging". "

At the same time as the verse is over...(slightly) Put your hands together and
respect the Blessed One, and sit down: "Dade! The Blessed One is my teacher, and
I am a disciple."

The third explanation asked by the Brahmin from Fulou Nagar student [completed].



Summary:
1. People who are aging look forward to making sacrifices (= alms) in the next
   life, but they have not survived birth and senescence.
2. Those who are unshakable (no slow pollution of love), silence (to quell all
   unwholesome contrivance), smoke-free (cut off anger), no worries, and no
   desires (= no craving) will survive birth and aging. 10/17/2020 15:25
