4. Explanations asked by the Brahmin of Mairegu student
    18. [Venerable Maitreya like this:] Lord, I ask you, please tell me this. I think you are a person who knows the Vedic and has personally practiced.
       From where did these sufferings come into being: all kinds of different forms in any world?
"Master! I ask this, please tell me this": ""I ask", there are three kinds of queries: the query of the explanation of the unseen, the query of the confluence of the seen, and the query of the cut-off of doubt. What is unseen The question of the explanation of the question? It was originally an unknowed, unseen, unmeasured, unjudged, unclear, unclear characteristic, for the purpose of his wisdom, seeing, measuring, judging, clear, and understanding Purpose, he asked a question, which was an inquiry of unseen explanation.
     What is the confluence of what you see? It was originally a characteristic that was known, seen, measured, judged, clear, and understood. He asked questions for the purpose of confluence with other wise men. This is a question of confluence of seen.
    What is the question of cutting off doubt? It was originally a jump-in (Sri Lanka version) doubter, jump-in doubter, and doubter: "Is that so? Isn't it true? what is it then? How is it? He asks questions for the purpose of severance of doubt. This is an inquiry of severance of doubt. These are three types of queries.
     The next three kinds of inquiry: human inquiry, non-human inquiry, and human inquiry. What is a human inquiry? Everyone asked questions after they went to see the Buddha and the World-Honored One: asked bhikkhus, bhikuni, yobosai, yoboyi, kings, kshatriya, brahmins, and vishas, The heads of the dhara asked, the lay people asked, the monks asked, this is a human question.
     What is an inhuman inquiry? The non-people asked questions after they went to see the Buddha and the Blessed One: asked the dragons, asked the golden-winged birds, asked the yasha, asked the asuras, asked the gandapo, asked the kings, asked the Indra, asked the Brahmas , Asked the gods, this is an inhuman inquiry.
    What is the inquiry of the huaren? [Fan] The physical body produced by the creation intention of the Blessed One, all the limbs and limbs, do not lack all the roots. The transfiguration went to the Buddha and the Blessed One to ask questions, and the Blessed One answered [him]. This is a transhumanistic inquiry. These are three types of queries.
     The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry for one's own benefit, inquiry for the benefit of others, and inquiry for the benefit of both. The next three inquiries: inquiries about current interests, inquiries about future interests, and inquiries about highest interests. The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry of the benefit of no fault, inquiry of the benefit of no pollution, and inquiry of the pure benefit. The next three types of queries: [about] past queries, future queries, and current queries. The next three inquiries: [about] inquiries within oneself, inquiries outside oneself, and inquiries within and outside oneself. The next three inquiries: [about] good inquiries, unkind inquiries, and non-remembering inquiries. The next three types of queries: [about] Yun, Jie, and Chu. The next three inquiries: [About] Inquiry about Mindfulness, Inquiry about Diligence, Inquiry about Spiritual Content. The next three kinds of inquiry: [about] the root inquiry, the strength inquiry, the enlightenment inquiry. The next three kinds of inquiry: inquiry of Tao, inquiry of fruit, inquiry of Nibbana.
     "I ask you", I ask you; I beg you; I ask you; you make me clear; "Please tell me," ask you for me. "World Zun", "This is a synonym for respect... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, namely World Zun." "Please tell me this", please say, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain. "For the Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.
     "[Like this Venerable Maitreya]": "Like this, the continuation of sentences... (Omitted)" is [Like this Venerable Maitreya].
"I think you are a person who knows the Vedas and who have personally practised": I think you are a "vedic acquaintance", I think you are a "person who has practised myself", I know so; I know so; I agree ; I am so thorough. "A person who knows the Veda, who has already practiced himself", but how is the Blessed One who knows the Veda? The Veda is called wisdom, wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, dhamma enlightenment, investigation, vipassana, right view in the four realms. The Blessed Ones are those who have reached the ultimate (target) who have life, old, and died in the Vedic; those who have reached the ultimate, those who have reached the end; those who have reached the end, those who have reached the boundary (ultimate); those who have reached the boundary, have reached the end ; Those who have reached the end, those who have reached the rescue center; those who have reached the rescue center, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached no terror; have reached There is no terror, there is no dead; there is no dead, there is no dead; alreadyThose who reach the undead are those who have reached Nibbana; those who have reached Nibbana. Or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who knows the Vedas, or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who knows the Vedas, or the known state of the Seven Dhamma is the one who knows the Vedas: see and be known , Suspicion of being known, refraining from being known, greed [being known], anger [being known], ignorance [being known], slow being known, and its evil and unwholesome methods are known: succumbing to polluting, recurring, fearing It's hard to pay, and it will live and die in the future.
    [World Zun: "Sexy!"][Sn.3.6, 534偈]
     "Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Samanas and Brahmins that exist here,
       is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is a Vedas well. "
     This is the Blessed One who knows the Vedic.
     How is the Blessed One who has already practiced himself? The Blessed One is the person who has practiced the body, the mind, the wisdom, the mindfulness, the righteousness, the gods, the root, the power, the enlightenment, Those who have practised the Tao, those who have given up the polluters, those who have been unshakable, those who have testified, for him have been omniscient, have given up, have practiced, have given up testimony, have proved that they can be testified Omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, renunciation that should be renounced, practised and ought to be practised, testimony and testimony, not small, large, very deep, immeasurable, difficult to be Those who have a deep understanding of many treasures, such as the ocean, are those who possess six peaces:
After seeing the color with the eyes, I am neither happy nor sad, and live in peace, mindful and righteous; after hearing the sound with the ear...after smelling the smell with the nose...after tasting the taste with the tongue...touching the touch with the body... …After knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, I am neither happy nor sad, but live in peace, mindfulness and righteousness [DN.33 Liuchang Residence].
After seeing form with his eyes, he does not desire, dislike, and does not cause greed to occur in the desired form. His body is already established, his mind is already established, and he is built up and liberated by virtue. After the undesirable color, he does not become discouraged, unrestrained mind, unintentional sorrow, unintentional malice, his body is already inhabited, his mind is already inhabited, and he is built up by goodness and kindness within himself. relief.
After seeing the color with the eyes, the body has been inhabited and the mind has been inhabited in the agreeable and undesirable colors, and the self is built up and freed by the kindness; after listening to the sound with the ear... (omitted) knowing with the consciousness After the Dhamma, both the body and the mind have been established in both the agreeable and undesirable methods, and they are established and liberated by virtue within themselves [SN.46.6].
After seeing the color with eyes, you will not get drunk when you are infected, you will not be angry when you are angry, you will not be foolish when you become foolish, you will not be angry when you are angry, and you will not get drunk when you are drunk. Don’t contaminate what will be contaminated; after hearing the sound with your ears... (omitted) after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, you will not be contaminated on what will be contaminated, no anger on what will be angered, and no change on what will become foolish Stupid, don’t get angry when you get angry, don’t get drunk when you get drunk, and don’t pollute when you pollute.
There is only so much in what you see; there is only so much in what you hear; there is only so much in what you know; there is only so much in what you know [SN.35.95], in what you see Not contaminated; not contaminated by what you hear; not contaminated by what you are aware of; not contaminated by what you know, and who is unsatisfied, [virtue] without loss, not dependent, and not bound by what you know . Freed from the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted; in terms of what he hears... (omitted) in terms of what he knows, he is the one without attachment, the one who does not lose, the one who does not depend on, and the one who is not bound. Freed from the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free and restricted.
The Blessed One has (existing) eyes, the Blessed One has eyes to see color, the Blessed One has no desires and greed, and the Blessed One’s heart is kind and liberating; the Blessed One has ears, and the Blessed One uses ears to hear, the Blessed One has no desires and greed, and the Blessed One’s heart is kind and liberating; Smell, the Blessed One has no desire and greed, the Blessed One’s heart is kind and liberating; the Blessed One has a tongue, the Blessed One tastes the taste with the tongue, the Blessed One has no desires, the Blessed One’s heart is kind and liberating; the Blessed One has a body, the Blessed One touches with the body, the Blessed One has no desire to be greedy, the Blessed One has a good heart Liberation: The Blessed One is intentional, the Blessed One knows the Dhamma with consciousness, the Blessed One has no desires and greed, and the Blessed One has a kind heart and is free [SN.35.232].
Eyes are joyful in form, joy in form, joy in form, the Blessed One has been tuned, guarded, guarded, guarded, and taught the self-control of it; ears are joyous in sound... (omitted) The nose rejoices in the smell... the tongue rejoices in the taste, joy in the taste, joy in the taste, the Tathagata has been tuned, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it, and the body is in place Joy in the touch, joy in the touch, joy in the touch, the Tathagata has been tuned, guarded, protected, guarded,And teach the self-control of it, which means to rejoice in the law, to be happy in the law, to be happy in the law, the Tathagata has been tuned, guarded, guarded, protected, and taught the self-control of it [MN. 75].
     "They guided the [Dragon Elephant] that had been adjusted to the assembly, and the king boarded the adjusted,
       The man who has been tuned is the most victor among the people, whoever insults him is bearable.
       The donkey horse that has been tuned is exceptional, and the trustworthy product is the steed.
       and Kunjara (elephant) are big dragon elephants, and self-regulators are even better.
       does not ride in these cars, can go to the unreached direction,
       is good at self-adjusting, and the person who adjusts the governor comes to him. [Dhp. 321-323]
       They are unshakable in all kinds of slowness, becoming liberated and reborn,
       has reached the adjusted imperial position, they are the victors in the world. [SN.22.76]
       Those who have cultivated their roots, inside and outside themselves: in the world,
       pierce this and other worlds, when he is waiting for death: he is the one who has been transferred. "[Sn.3.6, 521 verse]
     This is the Blessed One who has already practiced himself.
"I think you are a person who is familiar with the Vedic and who has personally practiced. From where did these sufferings arise": "From where", the question of doubt, the question of confusion, the question of doubt, the question of more than one question, this is a rhetorical question, Question irony, why on earth, why on earth? "Where is it from." "Suffering", suffering from birth, suffering from old age, suffering from sickness, suffering from death, suffering from sorrow, suffering from despair, suffering from loss, suffering from hell, suffering from animal world, suffering from ghosts, suffering from human beings, rooted in suffering from birth , Rooted in the suffering of living in the womb, rooted in the suffering of birth, the suffering of the living being dependent, the suffering of the living being manipulated by others, the suffering due to their own actions, the suffering due to the actions of others, the suffering , Suffering, change of suffering, eye disease, ear disease, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease, head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease, tooth disease, cough, asthma, external nose disease, fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, Dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, ringworm, scabies, rheumatism, scratches (a type of disease), dry and cracked skin, blood gall bladder, diabetes, hemorrhoids, rash (boils), Hemorrhoids (ulcers), diseases caused by gallbladder, diseases caused by sputum, diseases caused by wind, diseases caused by [three] groups, diseases caused by changes in seasons, diseases caused by incorrect posture, sudden attacks Diseases, illnesses born from the results of kamma, cold, heat, hunger, thirst, feces, urine, suffering from contact with a fly, wind, sun, snake, suffering from a dead mother, suffering from a dead father, suffering from a dead brother, suffering from a dead sister Suffering, the suffering of the dead child, the suffering of the deceased daughter, the suffering of the loss of the relatives [, the suffering of the loss of wealth], the suffering of the loss of disease, the suffering of the decline of precept, the suffering of the decline of seeing. From the very beginning of these dhammas, they have been known; since they disappeared, they have been known, the retribution is based on kamma; kamma is based on kamma, the name is based on form; and form is based on name. Those who are followed by birth, accompanied by birth, followed by old, conquered by disease, struck by death, sheltered in suffering, no shelter, no refuge, no refuge, and no refuge are called suffering. Where did these sufferings come from? Where did it arise? Where is it produced? Where did it happen from? Where was born? Where did it appear? What is the cause? What is its set? What is its birth? What is its root cause? He inquired about the root of these sufferings; he inquired about the reason; he inquired about the cause; he inquired about the arising; he inquired about the emergence; he inquired and waited; he inquired about food; he inquired about the cause; he inquired about the fate; he inquired about the set, he asked and begged , Request, make it clear. "For where these sufferings are generated.
"All kinds of different shapes and colors in any world": ""Whatever", all completely, every aspect completely, no surplus, the whole earth, this is the ubiquitous language, which is "anything." "Middle", the world of suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of worlds, and the world of existence. "Various forms and colors", various types and types of suffering. "It's all the different forms in any world."
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable Maitreya like this:] Blessed One, I ask you, please tell me this. I think you are a person who knows the Vedic and has practiced himself.
       From where did these sufferings come into being: all kinds of different forms in any world? "
    19. [World Zun: "Milegu!"] You ask me about the occurrence of suffering, and I will say that for you as if you know:
       all sufferings occur due to dependence: all kinds of different forms in any world.
     "You ask me about the occurrence of suffering": "The suffering, the suffering, the old, the sick, the dead, the sad, the desperate, and the suffering. "You askYou ask about the cause of suffering; you ask about the cause; you ask about the cause; you ask about arising; you ask about happening; you ask about waiting; you ask about food; you ask about the object; you ask about the condition; you ask about the collection, you are strong Ask, beg, request, make it clear. "Because you really asked me the occurrence of suffering. ""Mileku", the Blessed One called the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, the Blessed One." is [World Zun: "Mileku!"] .
"I will say that for you like the one who knows": ""That", I will say the cause of suffering; I will say the cause; I will say arising; I will say producing; I will say waiting; I will say eating ; I will talk about the object; I will talk about the fate; I will talk about the collection, I will explain, I will teach, I will tell, I will build, I will uncover, I will parse, I will clarify, I will explain. "Because I will tell you that. "As the one who knows", such as the one who knows, the one who knows, the other, the one who knows, the one who penetrates, not from hearsay, not from rumors, not from inheritance, not from Scripture, not from logic, not from reasoning, Not because of theoretical contemplation, not because of the insights accepted after contemplation, is a method that is personally proven and self-proven by oneself, I will say that. "Waiyi knows that I will tell you that.
"All sufferings occur due to dependence": ""Dependence", there are ten kinds of dependence: dependence of craving, dependence of seeing, dependence of pollution, dependence of kamma, dependence of evil deeds, The attachment to food, the attachment to disgust, the attachment to the four attachments, the attachment to the six inner states, the attachment to the six types of consciousness, the attachment to all sufferings with heart and righteousness, these are called ten attachments. "All suffering", suffering from birth, suffering from old age, suffering from suffering, suffering from death, suffering from sorrow, sorrow and despair... (slightly omitted) the suffering of decay. From the beginning of these laws, they have been known; Knowing, kamma is based on kamma; kamma is based on kamma, name is based on physicality; physicality is based on name. Being followed by birth, accompanied by birth, followed by old age, conquered by illness, struck by death, and suffering Those who are inhabited, without shelter, without refuge, without refuge, and without refuge are called suffering. These sufferings are based on attachment as a cause, attachment as a linking cause, attachment as a condition, and Dependence is the cause of their occurrence, generation, being arising, being produced, born, and being born." It is the occurrence of sufferings due to dependence.
"All kinds of different shapes and colors in any world": ""Whatever", all completely, every aspect completely, no surplus, the whole earth, this is the ubiquitous language, which is "anything." "Middle", the world of suffering, the world of humans, the world of heaven, the world of aggregates, the world of realms, the world of existence. "Various forms and colors", various types and types of suffering." For any world. In various forms.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Milegu!"] If you ask me about the occurrence of suffering, I will say that for you as if I knew it:
       all sufferings occur due to dependence: all kinds of different forms in any world. "
    20. Those who are clinging to the ignorant, suffering repeatedly reach the dull,
       Therefore, the one who knows should not be dependent: the life of suffering, the follower of production.
"Whoever does not depend on the wise person": ""Who", who is like what, such as effort, such as arrangement, such as kind, wherever has arrived, where is Kshatriya, or Brahmin, or Vaisha, or head Dhara, or a person at home, or a monk, or a person, or a person. The "unwise person" is the person who has entered the ignorance, the ignorant, the undisturbed, and the inferior. , Relying on seeing, relying on pollution, relying on work, relying on evil deeds, relying on food, relying on disgust, relying on four attachments, relying on six inner places Relying on, being the dependence of the six types of consciousness, to produce, produce, produce, and produce." For those who rely on without wisdom.
"Suffering repeatedly reaches the dull": "Birth, suffering, sickness, death, suffering, sorrow, sorrow, despair, and suffering come again and again, fully arrive, arrive, grasp, grasp, cling to." Suffering repeatedly arrives. "The dull", the dull, the ignorant, the ignorant, the ignorant, the ignorant, the indiscriminate, and the inferior. "Because suffering repeatedly reaches the dull.
"Therefore the one who knows should not be dependent": ""therefore", "the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, when you see this fault in the attachment." for the reason. "the knower", Those who understand, those who know, those who know others, those who know, and those who perceive: "All actions are impermanent"... (Omitted) "All actions are without self"... (Omitted) "Any collection of dhamma is an extinction" The one who understands, the one who knows, the one who knows others, the one who knows, the one who penetrates. "Should not be dependent", and should not be dependent upon,The attachment that should not be seen, the attachment that should not be polluted, the attachment that should not be evil, the attachment that should not be food, the attachment that should not be hateful, the attachment that should not be the four attachments , It should not be the attachment of the six inner parts, the six types of consciousness, should not be caused, should not be caused, should not be caused to arise, and should not be caused to arise. "For this reason, those who know should not be dependent.
""Bitter": those who are born with suffering, those who are old, those who are suffering, those who die, those who are suffering, sorrow, despair, and those who are suffering. "The spectator of production": the spectator of the root of suffering, the spectator of the cause, The follower of cause, the follower of arising, the follower of generation, the follower of waiting, the follower of food, the follower of object, the follower of collection. The follower of the collection is called wisdom. , That is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) no delusion, choice, right view. To have, to have, to have, to have, to reach, to reach, to be full, to be full, to have this random wisdom, he is called the follower." It is the follower of the life and production of suffering.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Whoever clings to the ignorant, suffering repeatedly reaches the dull,
       Therefore, the one who knows should not be dependent: the life of suffering, the follower of production. "
    21. Whatever we ask you you tell us, we want to ask you other things, come on! Please tell that,
       How do wise people get more and more violent, birth, aging, sadness, and weeping?
       Ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower of these laws.
"Whoever we ask you, you tell us": "Whatever we ask you, what we beg, what we ask, what makes us clear. "You tell us", told, explained, explained, taught , To be told, to be established, to be uncovered, to be resolved, to be clarified, to be explained." You tell us for whoever we ask you.
"We want to ask you about other things, come on! Please tell about that": "We want to ask you about other things; we want to beg you for other things; we want to ask you for other things; we want you to make the others clear; we want to ask You are better. "Come on! Please tell that", come on! Please tell; please explain; please teach; please inform; please build; please uncover; please analyze; please clarify ; Please explain. "Because we have to ask you other things, come on! Please tell me about that.
"How do wise people get more and more violent, birth, aging and sorrow, weeping": "How?", "Question of doubt, question of confusion, question of doubt, question of more than one question, this is rhetorical question, question irony , Why on earth, why on earth?" Why? The "wise man" means the wise man, the wise man, the enlightened man, the wise man, the distinguished man, and the wise man. "Storm", the storm of desire, some storms, the storm of seeing, the storm of ignorance. "Birth" refers to the birth, birth, entry into [fetus], birth, manifestation of various aggregates, and attainment of each type of sentient being among all living beings. "Aging": Among all living beings, about the aging, aging, tooth loss, whitening, wrinkles, declining life span, and degeneration of the roots of each kind of living beings. "Sorrow" means being touched by the loss (unfortunate) of the relatives, or touched by the loss of property, or touched by the loss of disease, or touched by the loss (loss) of the ring, or touched by the loss of sight, with (encountered) certain These losses, those who are exposed to certain sufferings, are sorrowful, sad, sorrowful, internal sorrow, internal sorrow, internal burning, internal burning, heart burning, sorrow, sad arrow. "Weeping", being touched by the loss of the relatives... (slightly omitted) or the loss (loss) of seeing, having (encountering) certain losses (unfortunate), contacting certain sufferings, mourning, weeping, crying, The state of crying, lamenting, weeping, speech, unhelpful words, muttering, weeping, tearing, weeping.
"How do the wise people get through the storm, be born, aging, and sorrow and weep?": "How do the wise people survive, surpass, pass, cross, overcome the storm, be born, aging, sorrow, and weep?" for the wise How do people get more and more violent, birth, aging, sorrow, and weeping?
"Muni, please explain that thoroughly for me": ""That", everything I ask; everything I beg; everything I ask; everything that makes me clear. "Muni", Mou is called wisdom, That is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) No delusion, choice of law, right view, the Blessed One has the wisdom of muni, reaching muni. There are three muni (perfect virtues): body muni, language muni , Yimuni position.
    What is the body of Muni? The three kinds of body and evil deeds are cut off as the muni position; the three kinds of good behaviors are the muni position; the wisdom in the body is the muni position; the omniscience of the body is the muni position; walking with omniscience The Tao is the body of Muni; about the bodyThe abandonment of desire and greed is cut off as the position of self-muni; the fourth jhana of body movement [in and out of breath] extinguishment is the position of self-muni, which is the position of self-muni.
    What is the language of Muni? The abandonment of the four kinds of evil deeds is the position of Yumuni; the four kinds of good acts of language are the position of Muni; the wisdom of linguistic objects is the position of Muni; the omniscience of language is the position of Muni; and omniscience The path of all acts is the position of Yumuni; the abandonment of desire and greed about language is the position of Yumuni; the second Zen of Yuxing [Xunsi] is the position of Yumuni, which is the position of Yumuni. .
    What is Yimuni? The three kinds of deeds of intention and evil deeds are the muni position; the three kinds of good deeds are the muni position; the wisdom in the mind-object is the muni position; the omniscience of the heart is the muni position; the one that works with omniscience Tao is the position of muni; the desire and greed about the heart are judged to be the position of muni; the desire to perish the mind is the position of muni, which is the position of muni.
    『Shen Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,
      Muni has the status of Muni, and they say it is the one who cuts everything.
       Body Muni, Yu Muni, and Yi Muni are no troubles,
      Muni has the status of Muni, and they say that they are those who have been cleansed of evil. 』
     There are six kinds of muni with these three kinds of muni: "Muni at home, Muni without home, Muni with learning, Muni without learning, Pichi Muni, Muni [in] Muni. 』Which is at home? Those laymen who have seen the footprints and have learned the precepts, these are at home. Which are homeless Muni? Those monks who have seen the footprints and who have learned the precepts are at home. The seven types of learning are for learning Muni, the Arahat is the non-learning Muni, the Pichi Buddha is the Pichi Muni, and the Tathagata, the Arahat, and the Enlightened One are Muni.
    『Non-Muna (silence) is Muni, a foolish and ignorant man,
       After raising the scale, take the top one and become a wise man.
       avoid all evils, that Muni became Muni because of that,
       Everyone who understands the [inner and outer sum] in the world, because that is said to be Muni.
       knows all the inside and outside of the world, the unwholesome and the good behind the law,
       Everyone who is supported by heaven and man (respected), beyond dyeing the net, he is Muni. 』
     "Explanation thoroughly", please explain that thoroughly; please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain. "To ask Muni to explain it thoroughly for me. "Because like this you are the knower of these laws": "Because like this you are the knower, judge, judge, clearer, and understander of these laws." Because like this you are the knower of these laws.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "Where we ask you, you tell us, we want to ask you other things, come on! Please tell that,
       How do wise people get more and more violent, birth, aging, sadness, and weeping?
       Ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower of these laws. "
    22. [World Zun: "Miragu!"] I will tell you the Fa, in the real life and not in the rumor,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world.
"I will tell you the Dhamma": ""Dhamma", the beginning is good, the middle is good, and the end is good; the meaning is correct, the phrase is correct; only the perfect and pure Brahman line: four mindfulness, four righteousness , Four divine feet, five senses, five powers, seven enlightenment factors, eight holy paths, Nibbana and the path leading to Nibbana, I will tell, I will explain, I will teach, I will tell, I will build, I will reveal Open, I will analyze, I will clarify, I will explain." I will tell you the Fa for me. "Milegu", the Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name.
"In the current life and not in the hearsay": ""In the current life", "in the seen (in the current life); in the known; in the measured; in the made clear Top: "All actions are impermanent"... (abbreviated) "Any collection of Dhamma is an end to Dhamma" means in the Dhamma that is seen (in the current life); In the Dhamma that is known; In the Dhamma that is measured; In the law that is made clear, this is what I will talk about in the real life. Or, I will tell you about the suffering of being seen; I will tell you about the collection of being seen; I will tell you the way of being seen; I will tell you about being The extinction that I see is the extinction, and this is what I will talk about in the present. Or, in the life as "directly visible, instant, inviting you to see, can guide, and the wise should experience it by themselves." This is what I will talk about in the life. 』For being alive. "Not anecdotal", not anecdotal, not from rumors, not from inheritance, not from Scripture, not from logical inference, not from reasoning, not because of theoretical reflection, not because of an opinion received after reflection, but by oneself The method of knowledge and self-evidence, I will talk about that. "For the sake of life instead of rumor.
"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing": "After knowing, weighing, judging, separating, clarifying: "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, weighing, judging, separating, After clarifying; "all actions are suffering"... "all dhammas are non-self"... (omitted) "every collection of dhammas is the extinction of dhamma" after knowing, weighing, judging, separating, clarifying After. "Mindful", there are four ways to be mindful: when practicing mindfulness in the body and mindfulness... (omitted) he is called mindful. "Walker", should do Time, staying time, acting time, turning time, guarding time, making existence time, making existence time." For those who know the thoughts afterwards.
     "Able to live through love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean to be loving? The "spread" is for love; the "broad" is for love; the "broad" is for love; the "incorrect" is for love; "it forces" is for love; "it seizes" is for love; "Fraud" is for love; "poisonous root" is for love; "poisonous fruit" is for love; "poison is used" is for love; or, "the vast thirst for love: in color... sound... smell... …Taste…touched…home…people…dwelling…benefit…famous…praise…happy…clothes…food…couch…the patient’s needs and medical necessities…the world of desire ...The realm of material...the realm of colorlessness...the desire to have...the color has the... There is...the past...the future...now...the enlarged attachments in the dhammas that are seen, heard, felt, and knowable" are love. "In the world", in the world of suffering, in the world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the world of aggregates, in the world of realms, and in the world of being. "Able to survive the love in the world": "The love in the world, or the love in the world [Ni.1], he can pass through, surpass, pass, pass, and overcome thoughtfully. "For the love in the world to survive.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Milegu!"] I will tell you the Fa, in your life instead of rumored,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world. "
    23. I am so happy with that, Daxian! The best,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world.
"I love that": ""That", your words, language, teaching, teaching, and admonition. "I rejoice", I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I can use, I Begging, I hope, I hope, I pray." I am so happy for that.
"The Great Immortal! The Supreme Dhamma": ""The Great Immortal", why the Blessed One is the Great Immortal? "The seeker, the pursuer, and the seeker of the Great Ring Aggregate" is the Great Immortal; the great concentration... ... "The seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the great liberation of wisdom and perception" is the great immortal; the "seeker, seeker, and seeker of the broken pieces gathered in the dark" is the great immortal; "the seek of the destruction of the great upside down" "Seekers, seekers, and seekers" are great immortals; "seekers, seekers, and seekers who thirst for piercing arrows" are great immortals; "seekers, seekers, and seekers of unraveling of great views "The seeker" is the great immortal; the "seeker, the pursuer, and the seeker of the Great Slow Banner" are the great immortal; the "seeker, the seeker, and the seeker of the calming of the great works" are the great immortal; The "seekers, pursuers, and seekers of the transcendence" are the great immortals; the seekers, the seekers, and the seekers who lay down the great burden are the great immortals; the seekers, pursuers, and seekers of the severance of the cycle "The seeker" is the great immortal; the "seeker, the pursuer, and the seeker of the extinction of the great heat" is the great immortal; the "seeker, the pursuer, and the seeker of the cessation of the great heat" is the great immortal; Seekers, pursuers, and seekers of the rise of the flag" are the great immortals; "the great minds... (slightly), the great righteousness... the great feet... the great roots... the great powers... the great enlightenment …The Big Eight Paths…The seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the immortal Nibbana of the great highest interest” is the great immortal; “Seeked, pursued, and searched by the powerful beings: Where is the Buddha? Where is the Blessed One? Where is the god among the gods? Where is the bull king among the people?" It is the great immortal. "The highest Dhamma", the highest Dhamma is called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, The cessation of craving, greed, extinguishment, and Nibbana. "Supreme", the first, the most victorious, the victorious, the first, the most, the most apex of Dhamma." For the great immortal! The best.
     "Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness": "[凡]After known, measured, judged, separated, and clarified: "All actions are impermanent" after known, measured, judged, separated, and clarified; "all actions are suffering" ...... "All Dhamma is no-self" after knowing, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying... (omitted) "all dhamma is extinction" after knowing, after measuring, after judging , After separation, after clarification. "Conscientious" means conscientious in four ways: when practicing mindfulness on the body, it is conscientious, on receiving... (abbreviated) on the mind... when practising on the Dhamma When mindfulness is mindful...he is called mindful. "Walker", when walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding, making existence, making existence. "For all those who know the thoughts afterwards.
     "Able to live through the love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Being in love", what does it mean to be loving? "... (omitted) The enlarged attachment" is love. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (in the middle of the world). "Able to pass the love in the world": "He can pass through, transcend, pass, pass, and overcome thoughtfully in that world of love, or in the world of love." Through the love in the world.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "I really like that, Daxian! The best,
       Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world. "
    24. [World Zun: "Milegu!"] Anything you know rightly, in the upper, lower and middle four directions,
      The joy and dwelling in these, the consciousness after removal will not stand in existence.
     "Anything you know rightly": "Anything you know, what you understand, what you know, what you know, what you understand." For everything you know rightly. "Milegu", the Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name. "World Zun", this is a synonym for respect... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, namely World Zun. "Is [World Zun: "Milegu!"].
"In the upper, lower, and middle four directions": ""Up" is the future, "Down" is the past, "Middle Four" is the present; "Up" is the heavenly world, "Down" is the hell world, "Middle Four" It is the world of human beings. Or, "Up" is good Dhamma, "Down" is unwholesome Dhamma, "Middle Quartet" is non-marked Dhamma; "Up" is the colorless realm, "Down" is the desire realm, and "Middle Quartet" is the physical realm ; "Up" means happy feeling, "Down" means suffering, "Middle Quartet" means not suffering or not happy; "Up" means above the sole of the foot, "Down" means below the hair, and "Middle Quartet" means in the middle. "It is the four directions above, below, and in the middle.
"The joy and dwelling in these, the knowledge that is removed will not remain in existence": "In these", being explained, taught, informed, established, uncovered, analyzed, and Clarified, explained. Happiness is called craving, which is greed, greed... (slightly) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Living", there are two kinds of living: the thirsty living and the seeing living. How to live as a thirsty person? All with thirst... (Omitted) This is the dwelling of thirst. What is living by seeing? There are twenty people who rely on the body to see... (Omitted) This is the living of seeing.
"Knowledge after removal": "Knowledge that is capable of blessing, non-blessing, and knowledge that does not move [SN.12.51]. In these, the knowledge that rejoices and moves (artificial) After removal, after removal, after removal, after removal, please give up, abandon, drive away, make the end, and make it go to non-existence." For the joy and dwelling in these, the consciousness after removal.
     "Whether there is to live without standing": "Yes", there are two kinds: kamma and rebirth. What is kamma? Blessed deeds, non-blessed deeds, and immovable deeds are kamma. What is rebirth? The forms, feelings, thoughts, behaviors and consciousness of the knot are reborn. "Won't stay in existence": "The knowledge and kamma that rejoice and abide in the practice and the rebirth of rebirth will break, drive away, end, and make it go to the non-existent. It will not stand still; it will not stand or stand still at the conjunctivation again.” This means that the knowledge that has been removed will not stand at existence.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Milegu!"] You know everything, in the upper, lower and middle squares,
      The joy and dwelling in these, the consciousness after removal will not stand in existence. "
    25. Those who live in this way, have thoughtfulness, and do not let go: Bhikkhus who abandon all things that I hold,
       birth, aging and sorrow, weeping, it is here that the wise can give up suffering.
     "Those who live like this, have mindfulness, and do not let go": ""Live like this (who)", "Knowledge and kamma to live and live togetherAs well as the rebirth of the rebirth, the renunciation, the driving away, the end, and the making it go to non-existent. "For such residents. "Conscientious (zhe)" is conscientious in four ways: when practicing mindfulness in the body... (omitted) He is called conscientious. "Those who do not let go" are respectful authors, regular authors, non-stop authors, those who have the habit of not being stuck, those who do not neglect their desires, those who do not neglect responsibility and those who do not let go in good law; "How can I Complete the unfinished vows, or the completed vows can be funded everywhere with wisdom? "Where he has intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, right knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment, practice, not letting go, and not letting go in good law; "How can I complete the unfinished The concentration... (abbreviated) Hui Yun... Liberty Aggregate... How can I complete the unfinished liberating wisdom view aggregate, or the completed liberated wisdom view aggregate can be funded everywhere with wisdom? "Where he has intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, righteous knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment, practice, not letting go, and not letting go of good law; "How can I know the future? The suffering of omniscience, or the pollution that has not been abandoned, or the way that has not been practised, or the testimony, the destruction? 』Where he has intentions, diligence, courage, hard work, not flinching, mindfulness, right knowledge, enthusiasm, diligence, establishment, practice, not letting go, and not letting go of good law. "For those who live in this way, have thoughts, and don't let go.
"Bhikkhus abandon all what I hold": ""Bhikkhus", philanthropist bhikkhus, or learning bhikkhus. "Bhikkhus", "when walking, staying, acting, turning up, guarding, and sustaining , Make survival." "I hold", there are two kinds of self attachment: [because] the thirsty self-holding and [because] sees the self-holding... (omitted) This is the thirsty self-holding ...This is the self-holding of seeing...the end of the self-holding of the one who is thirsty and thirsting; After the end, make it go after it does not exist. "For the bhikkhus to abandon all of me.
     "Birth, aging, sorrow, and weeping, where the wise can give up suffering": "Born", among all beings... (omitted). "Aging": Among all beings... (omitted). "Sorrow" was touched by the loss (unfortunate) of the relatives... (omitted). "Weeping" was touched by the loss of the relatives... (omitted). "Here", belongs to this see... (omitted) in this person's world. "Wise people" are those who have reached the Ming, the wise, the wise, and the wise. "Bitterness", birthing suffering... (slightly) Worry, despair and suffering. "Birth, aging and sorrow, weeping, where the wise can give up suffering": "The one who has arrived, the wise, the wise, and the wise are born here, aging and sorrow, weeping, he can give up, can Drive away, can end, can make it go to non-existence." For birth, aging and sorrow, weeping, it is here that the wise can give up suffering.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Those who live in this way, have mindfulness, and do not let go: Bhikkhus who abandon all things that I hold,
       birth, aging and sorrow, weeping, it is here that the wise can give up suffering. "
    26. I am very happy with Daxian’s words, which is good at telling: Gautam is a non-dependent author,
      World Lord! Because it is true that you have given up suffering, because these laws like this are already known to you.
"I rejoice in the words of Daxian": ""This", your words, language, teaching, teaching, admonition. "I rejoice", I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I Use it" [, I beg], I hope, I hope, I pray. "Daxian", why is the Lord the Great Immortal? "The seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the Great Precepts" is a great immortal... (Omitted) Where is the bull king among people? "Is a great immortal. "I am so happy over Daxian's words.
"Speaking well: Gautam is a non-dependent author": ""Speaking well", "Speaking well [, interpreting], interpreting, teaching, informing, establishing, good Uncovered, analytic, clarifying, and explanatory. "Speaking for the good. "Gotama is a non-dependant author", relying on is called the pollution and the aggregates and the creations. Severance, the cessation of adherence, the cessation of adherence, the cessation of adherence, immortality, and Nibbana." Telling for the good: Gautam is a non-dependent author.
"Master! Because it is true that you have given up suffering": ""Really", this is the decisive (always) language, the undoubted language, the confident language, the unduly, the undoubtedly reciting language, the command language, and nothing Words of error [, words of non-failure], this is the word of certainty, which is "reality". "World Honored", "this is a synonymous with respect... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, World Honored. You give up suffering", life suffering, old suffering, Sickness, suffering, death, sorrow, sorrow, despair, suffering, you give up, abandon, drive away, end your work, and make it cease to exist. "For the Lord! Because indeed you gave up suffering.
     "Because like this you are the knower of these laws": "Because like this you are the knower, the judge, the judge, the clearer, the understander of these laws." Because like this you are the knower of these laws.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "I am so happy with Daxian's words, which are good at telling: Gautam is a nonsense author,
      World Lord! Because it is true that you have given up suffering, because these laws like this are already known to you. "
    27. They can indeed give up suffering: Van Muni, you will continue to teach people,
       After meeting you, I salute you: Dragon Elephant! Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me.
"They can indeed give up suffering": ""They" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, laymen, monks, heavens, and people. "Can give up suffering", birth suffering, old suffering, Sickness, death, suffering, sorrow, sorrow, despair, suffering, they can give up, give up, drive away, end, and make it go to non-existence.” They can indeed give up suffering.
"Famuni, you will continue to teach those who are": "The "where..." are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, laymen, monks, heavens, and people. "You", he said that the Blessed One "Muni", Mu Na is called Chi... (slightly) He is Mou Ni after he is caught in the net. "Will continue to teach", will continue to teach, will teach thoroughly, and will continue Teach, will teach again and again, will teach." For Van Muni you will continue to teach.
"After I met you, I respected you: Dragon Elephant": ""You", he said the world-honored. "I respect", I respect with my body, or I respect with words, or I respect with my heart, or I Respect as it means, or I follow the law to respect, respect, respect, respect, reverence [, respect]. "After meeting", after meeting, completely met, met, completely met, I will salute from you "Dragon Elephant", "Dragon Elephant and the Blessed One do not commit crimes" is a dragon elephant; "Don't go" is a dragon elephant; "Don't come" is a dragon elephant. How is "the Blessed One does not commit a crime" a dragon elephant? Crime is called evil Unwholesome law: follow the pollution, some again, fear, retribution, the future will live and die.
    [World Zun: 『Sexy! 』][Sn.3.6, 527 verse]
    『Don’t commit any crimes in the world, leave all bonds and ties,
       does not cling to everything and is freed. Those like this are truly called dragon elephants. 』
     This is "no crime" as a dragon elephant.
     How is "The Lord is not going" as a dragon elephant? The Blessed One should not do what he does not want; do not do what he does not want; do not do what he does not want to do; do not do what he does not want to do; do not do what he does not do terror; do not go because of greed; do not go because of hatred; no Go away because of ignorance; don’t go because of slowness; don’t go because of seeing; don’t go away because of disbelief; don’t go because of doubt; don’t go because of potential troubles; don’t be carried away by the law of quarrel (disharmony) Walk, carry, carry. This is "The Lord is not going" as a dragon elephant.
     How is "The Lord is not coming" as a dragon elephant? Any pollution that is cut off by the Sutohuan Taoshe, the pollution he no longer experiences, does not return, and does not go back; it is said that... (omitted) is not returned... all that is polluted by the Arahat Taoism, those pollutions He no longer experiences, does not return, does not go back. This is "The Lord is not coming" as a dragon elephant. "I respect you after meeting you: the dragon elephant.
"Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me": "Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach, thoroughly teach, will continue to teach, will repeatedly teach, and will teach me." For perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach Command me.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "They can indeed give up suffering: Van Muni, you will continue to teach people,
       After meeting you, I salute you: Dragon Elephant! Perhaps the Blessed One will continue to teach me. "
    28. Any Brahman can prove to be a person who knows the Vedic, has no owner, has no attachment to desire and existence,
       It is true that he has survived the storm, and has crossed the other shore as an undesirable person, an unsuspecting person.
"Where a brahmin can prove to be a person who knows the Vedas": ""Brahman", the exclusion of the seven methods is the brahman: seeing is excluded, doubt is excluded, abstinence is excluded, greed is excluded, aversion is excluded, Illusion is eliminated, slow is eliminated, those evil and unwholesome methods are eliminated: those that are contaminated, those that are no longer there, those that are fearful, those who will suffer the consequences, and those who will die in the future.
        [World Zun: "Sexy! 』][Sn.3.6, 524 verses]
     After all evil is eliminated, the state of being standing in the standing state,
     After he transcends reincarnation, he becomes a Consummation. Those who are not dependent, like this can be called himBrahman.
     "Vedas": "Vedas are called the wisdom on the four realms... (omitted) He is a Vedas after transcending all Vedas. "Can prove to know", can prove to know, can know, can distinguish, can know for sure, can penetrate. "For all the Brahmins to be able to prove the knowledge of the Vedic.
"No owner, desire and existence without obsession": "No owner", greed is a thing; hatred is a thing; ignorance is a thing; slowness is a thing; seeing is a thing; pollution is a thing ; Evil deeds are things. For him, any of these have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who has nothing. "Desire", there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... (omitted) these are called the desires of pollution. "Yes", there are two types: kamma and rebirth... (omitted) This is rebirth. "There is no owner, and there is no obsessive in desire.": "A person who has no possessions in desire [and] is unattached, unattached, unattached, unobstructed, has left , Has given up, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of being free from being restricted." He is a person who has no owner, no attachment to desire and existence.
"It's true that he has survived the storm": "'It is true', this is the decisive (always) language... (Omitted) This is the word of certainty, which is "really". "The storm", the storm of desire , Some torrents, see torrents, ignorant torrents. "Passed", he surpassed, passed, passed, passed. "To be sure that he has survived the storm.
"And who have crossed the other shore are those who are not deserted, and who do not doubt": "'Have passed," the storm of desire has passed; some storms have passed; the storms seen have passed; the storm of ignorance The current has passed; the violent currents of reincarnation have passed, surpassed, passed, passed, passed, overcome, he is the one who has fallen, the person who has practiced, the person who has completed the journey, and the person who has reached the direction , Those who have reached the end, those who have guarded the Brahma, those who have reached the highest view, those who have practiced the Tao, those who have cut off the pollutants, those who have been unshakable, and those who have witnessed the destruction, for him are already known and gathered. Have given up, have practiced the Tao, have already given testimony, have proved that they can be known, have been omniscient, have been omniscient, have given up and should be given up, have practiced and should be practiced, have given evidence and should be testified He is the one whose obstacles have been removed, the one whose ditch has been filled, the one whose pillar has been pulled up, the one who has no bolts, the one whose holy flag has fallen, the one whose burden has been removed, the one who has separated, the one whose five branches have been cut off, and the one whose six branches have been removed. Those who possess, have one guardian and four reliances. They are those whose truths have been removed, those who seek to have renounced and completely decay, those who have no turbid intentions, those who have calmed their lives, those who are kind and free, those who are free of wisdom, The highest person who has been completely completed, the supreme person, who has proven the supreme achievement, neither composes nor dismantles, does not stack up and then stands; neither gives up nor clings to it, but stands after giving up; Does not disperse (Thailand version) nor accumulate, stays standing after dispelling; neither extinguishes nor ignites, stays standing after extinguishing [SN.22.79], is the inhabited person with the state of no learning precepts... (omitted) [ Non-learning] concentration...[无学] Hui Yun...[无学] liberating aggregates...the inhabited and established persons who have the state of non-learning to liberate the wisdom perception aggregates, and those who have settled upon completion and penetration of the truth (truth) , Those who have settled after overcoming the disturbance (craze), those who have settled after the pollution fire is extinguished, those who have been living in the state of no longer coming at all, those who have already settled after being grasped by [打胜], are used The inhabited state of liberation, the inhabited state of compassion and purity, the compassion... (omitted) joy...... the inhabited state of peace and purity, the inhabited state of ultimate purity, and the state of being equal to the other ( (Ceylon version) the inhabited in the pure, the inhabited in the liberated state, the inhabited in the fulfilled state, the inhabited in the boundary of the abundance (ultimate), the inhabited in the boundary of the realm Those who stand, those who have settled on the boundary of the place, those who have settled on the boundary of the place (interest), those who have settled on the boundary of the rebirth, those who have settled on the boundary of the birth, those who have Those who have been inhabited on the boundary, those who have been inhabited on the boundary of reincarnation, those who have been inhabited on the boundary of rotation, those who have been inhabited on the last, and those who have been inhabited on the last gathering (body) , Arahat holding the last body.
    『This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),
       The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. 』
     "Already crossed the other shore": The other shore is called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, cessation, and Nibbana. He is the one who has reached the other shore; the one who has reached the other shore, the one who has reached the final (target); the one who has reached the final, the one who has reached the end; the one who has reached the end, the one who has reached the boundary (the ultimate); the one who has reached the boundary, Those who have reached the end; those who have reached the end, those who have reached the rescue; those who have reached the rescue, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, have reached none Terrorists; those who have reached no terror, have reached no dead; have reached no dead, have reached undead; have reached undead, have reached Nibbana; have reached Nibbana, he is a person who has descended and has practiced ...... (Omitted) The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. "It means that I have crossed the other shore.
"Undesired": the desolation of greed, the desolation of anger, the desolation of ignorance, the desolation of anger, the desolation of resentment... (slightly) all the desolation of unwholesome deeds, for him these desolations have been cut off, cut off Being calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the non-desolate. "Undoubted": Suspicion on suffering, suspicion on accumulation of suffering, suspicion on cessation of suffering, suspicion on the path leading to suffering, suspicion on the front, and suspicion on the back, Suspicion in the context of the context, the suspicion of the specific conditional conditions, such doubts, doubts, doubtful states, confusion, hesitation, doubts, crossroads (doubts), doubts, inconsistent grasping, doubts , Hesitating, unresolved, stiff state, confusion of the mind, for him these doubts have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called no doubt By. "Being and having crossed the other shore is not deserted, not doubtful.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Any Brahman can prove to be a person who knows the Vedic, without an owner, without attachment to desire and being,
       It is true that he has survived the storm, and has crossed the other shore as an undesirable person, an unsuspecting person. "
    29. All the wise and those who are versed in Vedic are here.
       He is a person who is thirsty, has no worries, and has no desire. I say that he has survived "birth and aging".
"Anyone who is wise and who knows the Vedic is here": "The "wise man" is [the wise man,] the wise man, the wise man, the wise man, and the wise man. "Where", what kind of person is like...or person. Familiar with the Vedas”, the Vedas are called wisdom, wisdom, roots of wisdom, wisdom, strength, choice, enlightenment, investigation, vipassana, right view in the four realms. In the Vedas, those who have birth, old, and died have arrived. The ultimate (target) person; the person who has reached the ultimate, the person who has reached the end; the person who has reached the end, the person who has reached the border (ultimate); the person who has reached the border, the person who has reached the end; the person who has reached the end, the person who has reached the rescue center; Those who have reached the rescue center, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge, those who have reached no terror; those who have reached no terror, have reached no dead; have reached no The dead have reached the undead; have reached the undead, have reached the Nibbana; have reached the Nibbana. Or "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the one who knows the Vedas, or the "the one who has reached the Vedas" is the master Vedics, or those who have known the seven dhammas and are well versed in Vedics: one who knows, doubts...(slightly) abstain from taking...greed...aversion...silly...slow to be known, its evils are not good Dhamma is known: the ones that are polluted, the ones that are there again, the ones that have fear, the ones that suffer the consequences, and the ones that will live and die in the future.
    [World Zun: 『Sexy! 』][Sn.3.6, 534偈]
    Select all the Vedas, all those belonging to the Samanas and Brahmins that exist here,
     He is free from greed in all feelings, and after surpassing all Vedas, he is a Vedic versed.
     "People" are all beings, human beings, student Brahmins, people, individuals, lives, those who are born, sentient beings, those who are born in Indra, and Manu. "Here", it belongs to this... (omitted) in this person's world. "Here is the wise man who knows Veda."
"After all kinds of things are dyed and dismissed": ""In all kinds of existence", in all kinds of existence of kamma, in the existence of desires; in the existence of desires, in the existence of materiality Middle; in the kamma of material existence, in the existence of the colorless existence; in the kamma of the colorless existence, in the existence again and again; in the repeated interest, in the rebirth and rebirth , In the birth of individuals. "Dying", there are seven kinds of dyes: greedy dyeing, hatred dyeing, idiotic dyeing, slow dyeing, seeing dyeing, polluting dyeing, evil Dyeing. "After giving up", after giving up after dyeing, it is after giving up, or on dyeing, on bondage, on expanding bondage, on the entangled, on the attached, on After being fixed on, on the obstacle, after being shaken on the binding (?) after leaving, such as car ride, or sedan, or carriage, or truck, or chariot should be transported [people, things ] After the release (dissociation), they place and destroy. Similarly, after dyeing and giving up, it is after giving up, or after dyeing,On the bondage, on the expansion bondage, on the entangled, on the attached, on the fixed, on the obstructed, on the bondage after being shaken away. "It's after all kinds of afflicted with the sacrifice.
     "He is a person who is free from love, who has no distress, and has no desire. I say that he has passed through "birth and aging": "Craving for love" is the craving for color... (in Chinese) the craving for Dhamma. For him who thirst for love has been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who departs from the thirst, the one who has departed from the thirst, and the one who abandons the thirst. , Eliminate those who thirst for love, liberate those who thirst for love, give up those who thirst for love, those who renounce greed, those who renounce greed, those who abandon greed [, those who eliminate greed, those who are free from greed], those who renounce greed, those who renounce greed , The one who is not hungry and thirsty, the one who has cooled off, the one who has become cool, the one who feels happiness, and the one who lives as a brahman, he is the one who thirsts away. For "worried-free", greed is distressed; anger is distressed; ignorance is distressed; anger is distressed; resentment is distressed... (slightly omitted) All bad practices are distressed. For him, these distresses are He who is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom is called the one who has no distress. "Those who have no desire", desire is called craving, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. For him who this desire is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who has no desire. "Born", among all beings... (omitted) everywhere. "Aging", the degeneration of the roots of all living beings... (omitted), this is called old age. "He is the one who thirsts, the one who has no distress, and the one who has no desire. I say that he has passed through "birth and aging"": "Where he is the one who is free from the thirst, the one who has no distress, and the one who has no desire, "birth, aging , Death, he does pass, surpass, pass, pass, overcome, and overcome." I said, I explained, I taught, I informed, I established, I uncovered, I analyzed, I clarified, and I explained.” For him, he is divorced. For the lover, the one who has no distress, and the one who has no desire, I say that he has survived "birth and aging."
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "Anyone who is wise and who knows the Vedic is here, after all kinds of sacredness,
       He is a person who thirsts for love, one who has no distress, and one who has no desire. I say that he has passed through "birth and aging". "
     At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
    Milegu student Brahmin asked the explanation fourth [completed].


Summary:
  1. The place where suffering arises: Suffering occurs due to dependence.
2. Ten types of attachments: craving for love, seeing, pollution, kamma, evil deeds, food, disgust, four attachments (earth, water, fire, wind), six inner states, six types of consciousness, all suffering attachments with heart and righteousness .
  3. Being a dependent = a wise person = a dull person who has been suffering repeatedly.
  4. Get rid of rejoicing everywhere and abandoning all self-holdings. Consciousness will not stand in existence (=Ni.30 Consciousness Extinguishment) ⇒ able to survive the love in the world.
  10/17/2020 15:50
