25. such dwelt, remembrance, and do not relax: the Picchu trailers forsaken
    after I

Born, aging and sorrow, and grief, here the wise man can give off suffering.

“Those who live in this way, take a mind, do not relax”: “'live like this
(person) ', 'rejoice and live in the line of knowledge and industryAnd to be
born again, dispel, dispel, and end, and make it to the non-existent.” For such
dwellers. “Mindfulness” is a mindful in four ways: when the practice is on the
body to take a look... (middle) he is called the mindful. “Unrelaxed” is a
respectful author, a regular author, a nonstop author, a person who has not been
adhered to, who does not neglect his will, who is not negligible in good law and
unrelaxed; “How can I complete the unfinished ring Wun, or completed Wings can
be funded everywhere?” Where he has the will, refined, courageous, hard, do not
want, reckless, mindfulness, zealous, diligent, established, practiced,
uncomfortable, not relax in good law; “How can I complete the unfinished
destinations... (SILE) Hui Yun... How can I complete the unfinished liberation
of wisdom, or a completed relief Wise can be funded everywhere?” Where he has
the will, refinement, courage, hard work, do not fear, reckless, mindfulness,
zealous, diligent, established, practiced, uncomfortable, not relax in good law;
“How can I know the untold suffering, or can give away Can I break off
uninterrupted pollution, practise an unlearned path, or testify against the
destruction of the untestation?” Whosoever is there with the will, refinement,
courage, hard work, not fear, reckless, mindfulness, zealous, diligent,
established, practiced, uncomfortable, not in good law.” For such a living,
mindful, not relaxing.

“Bichu Stalker gave up after me”: “Bichu,” Zenvan Picchu, or learn Picchu.
“Passer”, “When you go, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make
survival.” “I do”, there are two kinds of things that I do: [for] the thirsty I
do with the [because] I see... This is what I do... This is what I do... I have
to give off thirst for love, after I have dismissed my longest love; After what
I have done, after what I have done, after forsgiving, after forsgiving, after
disconnection, after deportation, after the end, and after the end, that it may
come to absent. and forsaken me for the Bichu Parker.

“Birth, aging and sorrow, and sorrow, where the wise man can give off
suffering”: “Born”, among all beings... (cum). “Aging”: among all beings...
(medium slightly). “Grief”, was touched by the loss of the relatives
(unfortunately)... (medium). “Sadness”, touched by the loss of relatives...
(medium). “Here” belongs to this see... (medium) in this man's world. “The Wise”
are those who have reached the clear, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise.
“Bitter”, bitterness... (medium) worry despair bitter. “Born, old and sorrow,
and sorrow, and grief, and here the wise man can give off distress”: “The man
who has arrived, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise is born here, aging and
sorrow, and sorrow, and sorrow, he can be disconnected, and can depart Can end
and make it non-existent.” For birth, aging and sorrow, and grief, here the wise
man can give off distress.

Because then, Worldman said:

“Those who dwelt in this way, and are mindful, and do not relax: and the Pichu
trailers

Born, aging and sorrow, and grief, here the wise man can give off his suffering.

26. I rejoice in the words of Daisen, which is well told: Qiao Tamo is a man who
    has no authority,

Worldworld! For indeed you have given off the bitterness, for these laws like
this have been known to you.

“I rejoice the words of Daisin”: “This, your words, your way, teaching,
admonition, admonition. “I rejoice,” I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I
take” [, I beg], I hope, I pray, I pray. “Tai Sin”, why is Worldplace Tai Sin?
“Seeker, Seeker, Seeker, Seeker” is Daisin... Where is the cow king among the
people?” For Tai Sin. I rejoice the words of Daisen.

“The Good Testier: Joe is the Unfounded”: ““The good to tell, the good to tell,
the good to preach, the good teaches, the good to teach, the good built, the
good unveiled, the good interpreter, the good interpreter, the good Explanation,
good explanation. Tarring for good. “Jo Tamo is the unfit”, according to what is
known as the pollution and the creation of the creations. According to the
break, according to the calm, according to the conception, according to the
stop, undead, Nibbana. To be told for good: Jo Tamo is the unbearable.

“Worldworld! Because it is true that you have cut off the bitterness”: “Yes”,
this is the decisive (always) word, a word of doubt, a word of confidence, no
doubt, a word of instruction, a word without error [, the words of no failure ],
this is the word of sure, is “true.” “Worldworld,” “This is synonyms of
respect... Anli (Kana), the testimony of (middle).” “You have cut off the
bitter, bitter, old bitterSickness, death, sorrow, sorrow, and sorrow, despair,
you have left off, forsaken, depart, and put an end, and made it to not exist.”
For Worldworld! Because indeed you gave off the bitterness.

“For like this you are the know of these laws”: “For like this you are the know,
the measure, the judge, the clear, the clear, the clear.” Because like this you
are the know of these laws.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“I rejoice in the words of Daisen, which is well told: Qiotamo is the unwary.

Worldworld! For indeed you have given off your bitterness, for you know these
laws like this.”

27. Indeed, they can also give off their suffering: Whoever you will constantly
    teach the commandment,

I salute you after meeting you: dragon elephant! Perhaps Worldworld will
constantly teach me.

“Indeed, they can also give off their suffering”: “They are for Chthalie,
Brahmen, Bisha, the Sudala, in the family, out of the family, the heavens, and
men. “Can give off suffering, old, sickness, death, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow and
sorrow, despair, they can discard, dispel, end, and make it to absent.” It is
true that they can also be cut off.

“Whomoney, you will constantly teach the commandments”: “Whosoever is the
Chatriel, Brahmen, Bisha, the Sudala, in the family, out of the family, the
heavens, “You,” he said Worldworld. “Muni”, Munna is known as Wisdom... (in the
middle) after he was a muni after dyed net. “The commandments will be constantly
taught, will be taught thoroughly, will be taught continuously, will be taught
repeatedly, and will admonition.” For whomoney you will constantly teach the
commandments.

“After I met you, I salute you: Dragon Elephant”: “You,” he said Worldworld. “I
salute”, I salute the body, or I salute in words, or with my heart, or I salute
as it means, or I salute, respect, respect, respect, respect, respect [,
respect]. “After meeting”, after meeting, fully met, met, met completely, fully
met, I salute from before you. “Dragon Elephant”, “Dragon Elephant and Worldom
do not sin” is a dragon elephant; “Do not go” is a dragon elephant; “Do not How
is Worldnot to Do a Crime for a Dragon Elephant? Crimes are called the law of
evil: polluted, re-existing, fearful, bitter, future life and death.

[Worldworld: “Color forced Asia!”] [Sn.3.6, 527]

“Do not commit any crime in the world, after leaving all bondages and bondages,

Those who do not adhere to all things, which have been freed, are truly called
dragon elephants.

This is “no crime” for the dragon elephant.

How is “Worldless Go” for a Dragon Elephant? Worldworld should not want to do;
do not go away should not go anywhere; not obsession should not go anywhere; do
not go horror should not go; not because of greed; not by obsession; not by
obsession; not by slow; no Because of seeing; do not go because of the fall; not
for doubt; not to worry about the potential trend to go; not to be quarrel (not
and legal) law carry away, take away, carry, carry, carry. This is the Dragon
Elephant.

How is “Worldless Come” for a Dragon Elephant? Where to be cut off by the road
of the pollution, those polluted he no longer experience, do not return, do not
go back; by a way... (middle) is not rewarded... where the pollution is cut off
by Arrohan Road, those polluted he no longer experience, Do not return, do not
go back. This is “worldly not come” as a dragon elephant. I salute you after I
met you: Dragon Elephant.

“Perhaps Worldworld will constantly teach me”: “Maybe Worldworld will teach,
teach thoroughly, teach continuously, and will teach me again.” For perhaps
Worldworld will continue to teach me.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“Indeed, they can also give off their suffering: Whosoever you will constantly
teach the commandments,

I salute you after meeting you: dragon elephant! Perhaps Worldworld will
constantly teach me.”

28. All that Brahmen can prove to be the knowledge of the vedas, who has no
    owner, desire and no obsession,

Indeed, he has passed through the riot, and has passed the other side to be a
desolate, no doubt.

“Where Brahmen can prove to know the Vedas”: “Brahmen”, seven laws have been
excluded from Brahmen: have been excluded, suspected excluded, forbidden is
excluded, greedy excluded, ruled out, obsession excluded 、Slow to be excluded,
those evil and bad laws are excluded: Shun polluted, then there, fear, bitter
fruit, the future will live and die.

[Worldworld: “Color forced Asia!”] [Sn.3.6, 524]

After excluding all evil, the state of residence of the good entrant from the
scale,

He went beyond his reincarnation and became the perfect man, and something like
this could be called himBrahmen.

“Vedas know”: “Vedas are called the wisdom of the four ways... He is a Vedas who
knows the Vedas after (medium) beyond everything.” “Be able to testify, know,
know, be able to do not, be sure, be able to pass through.” For all Brahmen can
prove to be the Vedas.

“No owner, desire and no obsession”: “No owner”, greed is something; is a thing;
stupid is a thing; slow is something; see is something; pollution is something;
evil deeds are something, Whosoever for him has been cut off, cut off, calmed
down, stopped, unable to be born, and burned by a wisdom fire, he is called the
one who has no ownership. “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires: the desire of
things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of
things... (middle) these are called the desires of pollution. There are two
kinds of “there are”: there are industry and life again... (medium slightly)
This is the congenius again. “No owner, in the desire to be there is no
obsession”: “A person who has no one who desires [and] to have a clutter, not
attached, unobstructed, unobstructed, departed, laid down, freed, departed
Bound, he dwelled away from the restricted heart. For those who have no owners,
who want and have no adhesion.

“Indeed, he spent on the storm”: “Indeed, it is a decisive (always) word...
(middle) this is the word of certainty, it is “true.” “Storm”, the riot of
desire, some of them, the riot of sight, an unclear storm. “Having passed,” he
overtook, passed, passed, passed, passed through. To be sure he spent on the
storm.

“And they have passed through the other side as the desolate, no doubt”: “Have
passed, the riot of desire has passed; some of them have passed; the riot of
sight has passed; and the riot of unclear has passed; and the riot of
reincarnation has passed, Transcendent, Crossed, Crossed, Overcome, He is
Descended, Actor Actor, Completed Journey, Has Arrived, Has Arrived, Has
Arrived, Has Been Ganswalker, Has Been Ganswalker, Reach Highest Seekers, those
who have practiced, those who have cut off the polluters, those who have passed
unshaken, and who have testified, for whom the bitterness is known, set off, the
way has been practiced, and has testified, has been known to be known It is
known that those who have been cut off shall be discarded, and those who have
been practiced shall be practiced, and testify shall be testified. He is the one
who has been removed, the ditch is filled, the column has been pulled up, the
latch, the saint flag has fallen, the burdens have been removed, the separated,
five disconnected, six possesses, one guardian, four Trust is those who have
removed their own truths, those who seek to be outraged and completely
decimated, those who have no intention of turbid, those who have done serenity,
those who are liberated in good faith, the supreme who have been fully
completed, the supreme, the supreme, the supreme, the proven With great
achievements, he is neither composed nor disassembled, does not build up, does
not stand after stacking up; neither dissipates nor performs, and does not
disperse (Thailand version) nor accumulate, dispersed after standing; neither
extinguishes nor ignites, After extinguishing [SN.22.79], is a state with no
school absentee... (middle) [no school] Ding... [no school] Hui Yun... [no
school] escape... See the Yun state of the already established, completed,
through the true (meaning) after the already established, over disturbance
(embezzlement) after the already established, the polluting fire extinguished
after the extinguishment of the flame, the person who has no longer come to the
state of standing, has For [victory] after the grasp has already lived, by the
state of relief has already lived, the mercy of pure already standing,
sadness... (medium) joy... calm all over the pure has been established, the pure
has already lived No equivalent state (Ceylon version) all over the pure
resident, the liberated state of the resident, the satisfied state of the
already established, the already established on the boundary (exactly), the
already standing on the boundary (what), the already standing on the boundary A
person who has stayed at the border, a person who has been erected at the border
of the place (fun), a person who has been established on the boundary of the
past, the person who has lived on the boundary of birth, the person who has been
established at the boundary of existence, the person who is in a revolving The
man who has stayed on the border, the one who has stayed on the rotational
border, the one who has stayed above the last, the man who has stayed on the
last assembly (body), Arrohan with the last body.

“This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),

Life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.

“Have passed the other side”: the other side is called immortal, Nibbana, that
is all done, all according to the judgment, thirst for the extinction of love,
away from greed, annihilation, He is the one who has arrived on the other side;
He who has reached the other side, has reached the ultimate (target); He who has
reached the end; He who has reached the end of the border; He who has reached
the border, has reached the terminator; has reached the terminator, has arrived
at the rescue home; has arrived at the shelter, has arrived at the refuge, has
arrived at the place of return, has arrived at the place of return, has arrived
the person without terror; Arrived without terror, has arrived no dead; has
arrived no dead, has arrived to the undead, has arrived the undead, has arrived
the Nibbana; He has reached the Nibbana, he is a person who has descended the
state, has practiced the act... Life and death reincarnation, without his
regeneration. For having spent the other shore.

“No desolate”: greedy barren, barren, barren, angry barren, resentment barren...
(middle) all bad creation of the barren, for him these desolation has been cut
off, cut off, was Calm down, stopped, could not be born, burned by wisdom fire,
he was called a non-deserted man. “Undoubted”: Doubt in bitterness, doubt in
bitterness, doubt in bitterness, suspicion in the path of bitterness, suspicion
in the foreground, suspicion in the background, in The law of suspicion of
certain conditions, such as such doubt, doubts, doubts, doubts, confusion,
hesitation, doubts, intersections (doubts), doubts, not always clenched,
doubtful, hesitant, ununderstood, stiff The state, the heart is confused, for
him these doubts have been cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, unable to be
born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the unskeptical.” For those who have
passed across the other shore are not desolate, no doubts.

Because then, Worldman said:

“Whosoever is known to Brahmen who know the vedas, who has no owner, and who has
no obsession in desire and with

Indeed, he has passed through the riot, and has passed the other side as a
desolate, no doubt.”

29. the wise men and those who know the veda are here, after all kinds of dyed
    and discarded,

He is a man of thirst, no distress, no desire, and I say he spent “birth,
aging.”

“Here are all the wise, and those who know the vedas”: “The wise man is [the
wise,] who has come to the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise.
“Where”, whoever is like... or a person. “Known Vedas”, Vedas are known in four
ways of wisdom, wisdom, Wagan, Wise, choice of approach, study, Bisherna,
positive view. To those who have lived and died in Vedas have reached the end
(target); who has reached the ultimate, has reached the end point, has reached
the border (exactly); those who have reached the border, has reached the end;
has reached the end (b) Persons who have arrived at the shelter; those who have
arrived at the shelter; those who have arrived at the refuge, have arrived at
the place of return, have arrived at the place of return, to the person without
terror; he has reached the person without terror, no dead; Has arrived the
undead, has arrived the undead; has arrived the undead, to the Nibbana; has
reached the Nibbana. Or “to the ultimate of the veda” is a vedic who knows the
veda, or the Vedas has been known as the Vedas to the ultimate, or the seven
laws of the already known state of Vedas: have known, suspected... (medium)
forbidden Take... greedy... devil... slow to be known, its evil law is known:
Shun polluted, then there, fear, bitter fruit, the future will live and die.

[Worldworld: “Color forced Asia!”] [Sn.3.6, 534]

Select all the Vedas, whosoever belongs to the existence here of Salmon,
Brahmen,

In all feelings of greed, beyond all Vedas he is a familiar Vedas.

Human beings, human beings, students Brahmen, people, individuals, lives, to
born, affection, to Indra, Monu born. “Here,” belongs to this see... in this
man's world.” Here is for the wise and those who know the veda.

“After the dyed of the kind”: “In the seed,” in the seed of the trade, in the
desire to have, in the etiquity of desire, in color; in the colourless Then
there; in the colorless industry, in there is a time and again; in the fun, in
the past, in the birth of a repeated life, in the birth of a repeated
individual. “Dyed”, there are seven kinds of dyes: greedy dyed, dyed of
skepness, slow-dyed, stained in sight, polluted stained, dyed of evil deeds.
“After discarding”, after giving up on dyed, or in dyeing, in bondage, on
enlarged bondage, on entangled, attached, on the hindrance, on the obstructed,
in a tie On being shocked behind (?) To be discarded, such as car ride, or car,
or carriage, or wagon, or chariot, or chariot should be transported [people,
objects] released (discarded) after they are placed, destroyed. In the same way,
after giving up on the dyed, after abandoning, or in the dyed,After the bondage,
on the enlarged bondage, on the entangled, on the attached, on the one that is
fixed, on the one that is obstructed, and after being shocked on the binding. To
be separated on a kind of dyed.

“He is a man who is away from thirst, no distress, no desire, I say he spent
“birth and aging”: “thirsty love” as the color of “thirsty love”... The thirst
love of the law. Whoever for him thirst has been cut off, cut off, calmed down,
stopped, incapable of being born, burned by wisdom fire, he is known as the one
who desists from thirst, the one who has forsaken the thirst, the one who
forsaken the thirst of the love, the The thirst loving, giving off the thirst
lover, the detriment of the thirst, away from the greedy, abandon the greedy [,
exclude the greedy, free from the greedy], dismiss the greedy, the unhungry, the
cooled, the cooled, the feeling of happiness And dwelt himself as a man who has
been born, he is a man from thirst. “No distress”, greed is distressed; He is
distressed; Fury is distressed; Anger is distressed; resentment is distressed...
The man who was cut off, calmed down, stopped, could not be born, was burned by
wisdom fire, he was called the untroubled. “No desire”, the desire is called
thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. Whoever
for him this desire is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be
born, burned by wisdom fire, he is called the unwilling. “Born”, all living
beings... (medium) have been found. “Aging”, the degradation of all beings...
(medium) roots, which is called old. “He is a man who is desperate from thirst,
no distress, no desire, and I say he spent 'birth and aging. '”: “Whoever he is
a man who is desperate from thirst, without distress, and without desire, “born,
old and dead, he does spend, Transcend, pass, cross, overcome. ' I said, I
explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret, I clarify, I
explain.” For he is a man from thirst, no distress, no desire, I say he spent
“birth, aging.”

Because then, Worldman said:

“Here the wise, and those who know the vedas, after they are dyed with all
kinds,

He is a man who is desperate, no distress, no desire, and I say he spent 'birth,
aging. '

At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple.”

The description asked by Maitregus student Brahman fourth [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. bitterness: according to the cause of suffering occurs.

2. Ten according to: thirsty love, see, pollution, industry, evil, food, evil,
   four practice circles (water and fire), six inside, six types of knowledge,
   all bitterness by heart.

3. author = unwise man = repeatedly bitter foolish.

4. remove rejoice in any place, forsake the knowledge of my beloved in there
   will not dwell (=Ni.30) ⇒ can live through the love of the world.

10/17/2020 15:50

