5. Statement by Brahmen, a student of Dudagor

30. [His Holiness Dagar, like this:] Worldworld I ask you, Tell me this, Daisen!
    I look forward to your words,

After hearing what you say, you should learn for your own Nibbana.

“Worldworld I ask you, please tell me this”: “I ask, “I ask, there are three
kinds of questions: an inquiry of the unseen description, the intercourse of the
seen, the intermittent inquiry... Asked... (medium) Nibbana's inquiry. “I ask
thee, I ask thee; I beg thee; I ask thee; thou shalt make me clear; tell me unto
me.” “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anrat (Kana), the
testimony of “Worldworld”. “Please tell me this,” please say, please explain,
please tell you, please tell, please build, please uncover, please explain,
please explain, please explain, please explain.” For Worldhotel I ask you,
please tell me this.

“[His Holiness like this]”: “Like this, the continuation of the sentence...
(medium) “His Holiness”, which is a word of love, respect, respect, obedience.
“His Holiness.” “Dudagor”, the name, name, name, name, Anli, common name, name,
name, title, word, phrase, name. For [His Holiness Dagar like this].

“Daisen! I look forward to your words”: “Your words, language, teachings,
teachings, admonitions, I expect, I want, I take, I ask, I hope, I pray. “Tai
Sin”, why is Worldplace Tai Sin? “Seeker, Seeker, Seeker, Seeker” is Daisin...
For Tai Sin. For Daisen! I look forward to your words.

“After hearing what you say”: “Your words, your way, teaching, teaching,
admonition, after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, after understanding,
and discerning.” After hearing what you say.

“Should learn for their own Nibbana”: “There are three kinds of studies:
increase abduction, add heart learning, add Hui learning... (middle) This is the
addition of Wisdom. “For their own Nibbana”, for their greedy Nibbana, Nibbana,
idiot Nibbana, angry Nibbana, resentful Nibbana... (medium) all bad to create
calm, silence, calm, extinguish, disbelief, Stop interest, learning should be
added to school, should also learn to add psychology, should also learn to add
Hui learning. These three studies, should learn when toward (notice); should
learn when you know; should learn when seen; should learn when inspecting; be
careful to establish (determination) should learn; when you win by faith should
Learning; should learn when energetic efforts; When thinking, should learn when
thinking; Be careful (focus) should learn; learn when knowing with Hui; Learn
when testament should be known; Should be learned when disconnected should be
cut off; learn when practicing should be practiced; study should be learned when
testifying should be testified [Ps.1,41.] , should be practiced, should be
carried out well, after holding should turn.” For what should be for their own
Nibbana study.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“[His Holiness Dagar, such as this:] Worldly I ask thee, Tell me this, Daisen! I
look forward to your words,

After hearing what you say, you should learn for your Nibbana.”

31. [Worldest: “Dudagar!”] If that is the case, please be zealous, and wise and
    mindful here,

After hearing from here, you should learn for your own Nibbana.

“Be zealous if that is the case”: “Be zealous; please be brave; please be your
zeal; please be fortitude, please be firm; please be your energy, and may you
make it produce; please make it; please Make it appear; make it fully generated;
make it live; and give birth to it.” Be zealous for you if that is the case.

“Dudagar,” “Worldest called the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is
synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is
Worldworld.” For [Worldest: “Dudagar!”]

“Here the wise and mindful”: “Here, belongs to this see; belongs to this love;
belongs to this hobby; in this enforcement; in this law; in this law; in this
law; in this law; in this law; in this law; in In this teaching (teaching); in
this family deed; in the teachings of this master; in this individual; in this
man's world. The wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the conscious,
the wise, the different, the wise. “Mindful”, “In four ways for the mindfulness:
when repairXi is a mindful when he grows on the body... (medium) he is called
the mindful. '” For the wise and mindful here.

“From here after hearing words”: “From here my words, my way, teaching,
teaching, admonition, after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, after
understanding, and discerning.” For after hearing from here.

“Should learn for their own Nibbana”: “Learning”, there are three kinds of
studies: add abduction, add heart, add wisdom... (middle) This is to add Hui
learning. “For their own Nibbana”, for their greedy Nibbana, Nibbana, idiot
Nibbana, angry Nibbana, resentful Nibbana... (medium) all bad to create calm,
silence, calm, extinguish, disbelief, Stop interest, learning should be added to
school, should also learn to add psychology, should also learn to add Hui
learning. These three studies should be learned when toward (noted); when you
know it should be learned... (medium) should be learned when testifying, should
be practiced, should be practiced, should be carried out well, and should turn
after being held.” For what should be for their own Nibbana study.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldest: Dudagar!”] If that is the case, please be zealous, and wise and
mindful here,

After hearing from here, you should learn for your Nibbana.”

32. I saw all the Brahmen doers in heaven and in the world of men,

I salute you, you are all the eyes, Shakya! Please free me from doubts.

“I see in heaven and in the world of men”: “Heaven”, there are three kinds of
days: worldly days, to birth, and clean. What is Worldly Day? Kings and princes
and queens are called worldly days, these are called worldly days. What is going
to be born? The four kings, thirty-three days, night days, the day of the day,
the day of the day, the lote, his free days, and all the heavens above that are
known as the past days, these are known as the past days. What is a clean day?
[Rulay,] The troubles of the disciples of Aarohan and all the Buddhist Buddha
are called the clean heaven, these are called clean days. Worldworld is the day
of worldly and innate and clean heaven, victory day, heaven heaven, lion in the
lion, dragon in the dragon, the Lord of the Lord, Muni in Muni, the king of the
kings. “I see in heaven and in the world of men”: “In the world of men I see
heaven; I see the best days; I see heaven in heaven, I see, I see, I watch, I
observe.” For I saw it in heaven, in the world of men.

“Brahmen doers without all”: “Nothing, greedy, nothing, nothing, slow nothing,
see nothing, no pollution, evil, nothing, any of those for Buddha, worldly It
has been cut off, the root has been cut, like a rootless palm tree, becomes
non-existing, for the future, so the Buddha is called no owner. “Brahmen”,
Worldworld is the excluded state of the seven laws of Brahmen: has been
excluded, suspected to be excluded, forbidden is excluded, greedy excluded,
ruled out, obsession excluded, slowly excluded, those evil bad law is Exclusion:
Shun polluted, then there, fear, bitter fruit, future life and death.

[Worldworld: “Color forced Asia!”] [Sn.3.6, 524]

“After excluding all evil, the state of residence of the good entrant from the
fouling,

He was beyond his reincarnation and became the fullest, and a man like this
could be called Brahman.”

“Actors”, walkers [, walkers], dwellers, deters, revolvers, guardians, make the
survivor, make the survivor. For all Brahmen doers.

“I salute you, and you are all the eyes”: “You,” he said Worldly. “I salute”, I
salute the body, or I salute in words, or with my heart, or I salute as it
means, or I salute, respect, respect, respect, respect, respect [, respect].
“All eyes”, all eyes are called the state of wisdom of all knowledge. Worldworld
arrival (with), full arrival (with), entry, full entry, full, fully sufficient,
with all knowledge of the state wisdom.

“For him there is nothing unseen here, and there is no knowledge, and cannot be
known,

He testifies that whosoever exists should be guided, as it is for all eyes.”
[Ps.1, para. 121]

Salute you for me, you are the man of all eyes.

“Shakya! Please release me from doubt”: “Shakya”, “Shakya Worldest is the person
who came from the Shakya family.” For Shakya. Or, “the rich, the rich, the
wealthy.” Also for Shakya. For him there are these wealth, namely: credit, quit
wealth, ashamed, ashamed, heard of wealth,Saikai, wealth, remembrance, good
fortune, gods, root wealth, power, cherchui, wealth, fruit wealth, Nibbana
wealth, these kinds of treasures for the rich, the rich, wealthy. Or, “The
Probable, the Able, the Seed, the Ample, the Hero, the Brave, the Heroic, the
Courage, the Not Frightened, the Not Frightened, The Not Frightened, The Not
Frightened, The Not Runaway, Those who have cut off terror and fear .” Also for
Shakya. Doubts are called doubts: doubt in bitterness, doubt on bitterness,
doubt in the path of bitterness, suspicion in the foreground, suspicion in the
backline, suspicion in the intramus, in The law of suspicion of certain
conditions, such as such doubt, doubts, doubts, doubts, confusion, hesitation,
doubts, intersections (doubts), doubts, not always clenched, doubtful, hesitant,
ununderstood, stiff State, heart confusion. “Shakya! “Release me from doubt”:
“Release me; please release me; please let me free; please let me free; please
pull me out; pull me out completely; bring me out of doubt.” For Shakya! Please
allow me to relive me from doubts.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“I saw all the Brahmen doers in heaven and in the world of men,

I salute you, you are all the eyes, Shakya! Please release me from doubts.”

33. For the relief I will not be able to: Dudagor! Any doubter in the world,

When you know the most winning method, you will survive this storm.

“For liberation I will not be able to”: “You, I will not be able to release,
release, make release, pull out, pull out completely, make rise, make full
ascent doubts stabbing state.” This is for relief I will not be able to. Or, “I
do not strive on the unbelievers, on those who do not wills, on those who are
inferior, and on those who do not do; I do not do my best; I do not strive; I do
not strive; I do not strive; I do not do valour; I do not do Passion; I do not
fortitude; I do not make firm; I do not make it alive; I will not produce it; I
will not produce it [; I do not make it come; I do not make it fully generated];
I do not give it birth; I will not give it birth. The teaching of law. This is
also for relief I will not be able to. Or, “You do not have any other reliever,
if they can be freed by their forces (fortitude), to their own strength, to
their own energetic, to their own efforts (brave) to their own people Power, to
their own human power, to their own human vitality, to their own efforts, to
their own right path, follow the road, not the opposite road, according to the
righteousness of the road, the law of the road, when the implementation When
they can be freed.” This is also for relief I will not be able to.

This is said by Worldman, “Pure! “He is a mud swamp and will pull out of the
others in the mud.” This is not possible. Pure Tuo! “He is undisciplined,
untrained, un-Nibbana and will make others revolt, train, Nibbana.” This is not
possible. [MN.8]” This is also for relief I will not be able to.

This was said by Worldman: [Dph.12,165]

“Himself has done evil, and he is polluted,

And he who does not do evil himself, and he becomes clean,

Clean and unclean are separate, not one can make the other clean.”

This is also for relief I will not be able to.

This is also said by Worldman, “The same, Brahmen! Nibbana lived, guided by the
way of Nibbana, my advice to live, however, when my disciples were so admonished
and so admonished, there were some Nibbana that reached the end, some did not
arrive, Brahmen! What can I do here? Brahmen! As a guide. [MN.107] Buddha only
tells (refers to) the way that they can be freed when they are practiced. This
is also for relief I will not be able to.

“Dudagar! Any doubts in the world”: “Doubts, those who have doubts, confusion,
doubts, and hesitates. “Any (person)”, any Chateli, or Brahmen, or Bisha, or the
Sudala, or in family, or out of family, or heaven, or person. “In the world”, in
the worlds of bitterness... (middle) in the world.” For Dudagar! Any doubters in
the world.

“When knowing the most winning method”: “The supreme method is called immortal,
Nibbana, that is all done, all according to the judgment, thirsty love
extinction, away from greed, extinguished, Nibbana. The First, the Most, the
Winner, the Most Winner, the First, the Top, the Top, the Top, the Top, the
Highest, and the Highest, when it is known, farewell, surely, through.” To know
the most winning method.

“So that you will pass through this riot”: “An outflow of such desire, some
riot, the riot of seeing, the unclearThe storm you can pass, can surpass, pass,
overcome.” For that way you will survive this rim.

Because then, Worldman said:

“For liberation I will not be able to: Dudagar! Any doubter in the world,

When you know the most winning method, you will survive this storm.”

34. brahmen! And those who grieve ask thee to admonition that I know, far from
    the law

I am as the harmless of the void, where I can walk quietly and unrelessably.

“Brahmen! “And those who grieve heart ask you to teach”: “Brahmen! Please teach;
Brahmen! Please fund; Brahmen! Please be pity.” For Brahmen! Ask you to teach.
“The sad”, those who are sad, sympathizers, protectors, funders, pity.” For
Brahmen! And those who grieve you please teach.

“I can know away from the law”: “away from the law is called immortal, Nibbana,
that is all done, all according to the judgment, thirsty love extinction, from
greed, extinguished, Nibbana. “I know,” I know, know, know, do not, know, know,
permeate, witness, reach, and testify. For me to know away from the law.

“I am the harmless of the void”: “If the void is not sticky, not captured, not
bound, not bound, not bound, so it is not sticky, not captured, unbound, not
bound.” This is like the vanity of the harmless. “If the void is not stained by
carmine, or tulip, or indigo, or crimson [color], so that it is not dyed, no
anger, the immutable idiot, the unpolluted.” This is also like the vanity of the
harmless. “Such as the void is not angry, does not harm, does not resist, and
not be counterattacked, such as those who do not anger, do not harm, do not
resist, and do not fight back.” This is also like the vanity of the harmless.

“Right here can walk silently and unrelessly”: “'Just here silently ', 'it is
here; when there exists; that is, when sitting here; that is, when sitting in
this seat; that is, When sitting down in this crowd. So that's right here
silently. Or, 'Here are silent, silent, calmly, cooled, and ceased. ' This is
also here silently. “No stop”, there are two kinds of stops: the stop of thirsty
love and the stop of seeing... (medium) This is the stop of seeing... The stop
of thirst love has been cut off, the stop of seeing has been dismissed After,
become the eye does not stop the person, the ear does not stop the person, the
nose does not stop the tongue, the body does not stop the person, the meaning of
the unstoppable, all colors... all the sounds... all the smell... all tastes...
all touches ... Families... Groups... Shelters... Benefits... Fame... Music...
Clothes... Food... Shelter... Patient needs and medical necessities... Wish
circles... Color circles... ... colorless... want... color... colorless... want
to have... do not want to have... but want to have... there is... four has...
five has... the past... the future... now... is seen and what The person who
smells, senses, and can be known, does not stick, does not fall into, the
inclined, the person who does not turn his heart toward (triumph). He has
departed, laid out, released, and unbound, he [lives] with a restrained heart.
“Can do”, can live, can act, turn [, can protect], can survive, make survival.”
To be able to walk quietly and unrelessly right here.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“Brahmen! And those who grieve ask thee to admonition that I know, far from the
law

I am like the harmless of the void, where I can walk quietly and unrest.”

35. [Worldest: “Dudagar!”] I will tell you about silence, in the birth and not
    of rumors,

Whosoever knows after the mind of the walker, can live through the love of the
world.

“I will tell you about silence”: “The silence of greedy, the silence of silence,
the silence of the idiot, the silence of anger, the resentment... (medium)
hiding evil... arbitrary... jealous... fainting... hypocritical... Crafty...
stubborn... passion... slow... slow... slow... relax... all polluted... all evil
deeds... all annoying... all hot... all hot... all the irritated... all the
annoying... All the silence of the unrighteous creation, the silence, the
silence, the end of the end, and the end, I will tell, I will declare, I will
tell, I will teach, I will build, I will uncover, I will interpret, I will
parse, I will Clarifying、I will explain。” For me will tell you silence.

“[Worldest: Dudagar!]” : “Dudagar,” Worldman named the mother-in-law by
nameRomen. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the
testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” For [Worldest: “Dudagar!”]

“When born and not rumors”: “In the life,” in the law which is seen (in the
life); in the law known; in the law being measured; in the law which is made
clear: “All things are unconstant”... “Any set law is extinction” is in the law
that is seen (in the life); in the law known; in the law being measured; and in
the law that is made clear, this is [I will tell] in life. Or I will tell you
the bitterness of what is seen; and We will tell you the set of which is seen;
and We will tell you the way which is seen, and I will tell you the destruction
of what is seen, This is also [I will tell] in the life. Or, [when born]
“directly visible, immediate, you are invited to see, able to guide, the wise
person should experience himself.” This is also [I will tell] in the life.” To
be born in. “Non-rumor”, non-rumor, not from the wind smell, not from the
inheritance, not from the teachings of the Bible, not from logic, non-reasoning,
not because of theoretical reflection, not because of contemplation of the
opinion received, is personally known, The law of self-proofing, I will talk
about that.” For when born rather than rumors.

“All walkers who know after the knowledge, after measurement, after judgment,
after division, after the clear: 'All lines are indefinate' after the known,
measured, judged, after separation, after figuring out; Everything is bitter”...
“All laws are without me” after being known, measured, judged, after the
difference, after figuring out... (medium) “Any set method is extinguished”
after being known, measured, after judgment, After respectively、After figuring
out。 “Mindful” is mindful in four ways: when practicing in the body is
mindful... (middle) he is called the mindful. “Passer”, when you go, live, act,
turn up, guard, make survival, make survival. For whosoever knows after the
mindful walker.

“Can live through the world of love”: “love” is called thirsty love, that is
greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. “Love”, what is
love? ... (medium) is enlarged obsession” for love. “In the world”, in the
worlds of bitter worlds... “Can live through the love of the world”: “The love
in the world, or the world should love [Ni.1], he can spend, transcend, pass,
overcome.” To be able to spend love in the world.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldest: Dudagar!”] I will tell you about silence, in the birth and not of
rumors,

“Whosoever knows after the mindful walker can live through the love of the
world.”

36. I rejoice it, Daisen! The highest silence,

Whosoever knows after the mind of the walker, can live through the love of the
world.

“I rejoice that”: “That,” your words, your way, teaching, admonition,
admonition. “I rejoice,” I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I take [, I
beg], I hope, I pray, I pray.” I rejoice that for me.

“Daisen! “Supreme Silence”: “Tai Sin”. Why is Worldworld a Tai Sin? “Seeker,
Seeker, Seeker, Seeker” is Tai Sin; “Where is the King of the Cattle among the
Man?” For Tai Sin. “The most silent”, silence is called immortal, Nibbana, that
is the end of all lines, all according to the judgment, thirsty love extinction,
from greed, extinction, Nibbana. “The top, the first, the most, the winning, the
top, the top, the top, the top.” For Daisen! The highest silence.

“All walkers who know after the knowledge”: “After what is known... (medium)
'All doings are indefinate' after known, measured, judged, after division, after
figuring out; 'all doings are bitter '... 'Everything is bitter.' “Law is no
me”... (medium) “Any set method is extinguished” after known, measured, judged,
after separation, and after figuring out. “Mindful” is mindful in four ways:
when practicing in the body is mindful... (middle) he is called the mindful.
“Stalker,” when the line... (medium) makes survival. For whosoever knows after
the mindful walker.

“Can live through the world of love”: “love” is called thirsty love, that is
greedy, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. “Love”, what is love? “...
(medium) is enlarged obsession” for love. “In the world”, in the worlds of
bitter worlds... ”“He can spend the love in the world”: “He can spend in that
loving world, or in the world in which he loves, can spend and surpass...
(medium) can overcome.” To be able to spend love in the world.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“I rejoice that, Daisen! The highest silence,

“Whosoever knows after the mindful walker can live through the love of the
world.”

37. [Worldest: “Dudagar!”] Whosoever Thou knoweth, in the upper and lower, and
    in the middle,

When you know that this is “dyed” in the world, do not make thirsty love in all
kinds of things.

“Whosoever thou knoweth”: “Whosoever thou knowest, whosoever thou knowest [and
thou knowest], you know it, you pass through.” For whoever you know. “Dudagar,”
Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with
respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” For
[Worldest: “Dudagar!”].

“On the top, down and in the middle”: “Upper” is the future, “Down” for the
past, the “Middle Quartet” is the present; “Upper” is the world of heaven,
“Down” is the world of Hell, and the “Middle Quartet” for mankind Worlds. Or,
“upper” is good law, “lower” is bad law, the “middle four” is no remembered;
“upper” is no color, “lower” is the boundary of desire, the “middle four” is the
boundaries of color; “upper” is joy, and “down” is suffering, The “Middle
Quartet” is not afflicted; “Above” is above the soles of the feet, “Down” is
under the hair, and the “Middle Quartet” is in the middle. For the upper, bottom
and middle Quartet.

“Knowing that this is a 'dyed' in the world”: 'This is dyed, this is sticking,
this is bound, this is an obstacle. ' After knowing, after understanding, after
measuring, judging, after each, after figure out.” To know that this is “dyed”
in the world.

“Do not make thirsty love in all kinds of things”: “Thirst love”, thirst love of
color, thirst love of the voice... thirst love of the (medium) method. “Among
the species,” among the seed of the trade, in the desire to have, in the
etiquity, in color; in the colourless, in colourless, in the colourless, in the
colourless trade, in There are times and again; in the fun, in the past, in the
birth of a repeated birth, in the birth of a repeated individual. Do not be
thirsty love, do not give birth to thirst love, do not produce thirsty love, do
not have thirst love, do not give up thirst, give off, depart thee, and make it
come to not exist.” For you do not make thirsty love in all sorts.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldest: Dudagar!”] Whosoever Thou knoweth, in the upper and lower, and in
the middle,

When you know that this is “dyed” in the world, do not make thirst love in all
kinds of things.”

At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple.”

The fifth [Completed] instructions asked by Dudagor student Brahmen.





Excerpt:

1. by their own efforts (zealous = brave, enthusiasm, fortitude, determination,
   vitality, desire) to liberate rather than worldly (worldest is the guide, can
   not be relied).

2. know that after dyeing do not make thirst in all kinds of love ⇒ can spend
   love in the world.

10/17/2020 16:10

