5. Explanations asked by the student Dudagar

30. [Venerable Dudagar like this:] Lord, I ask you, please tell me this, Daxian (??)! I
    look forward to your words,
After hearing what you said, you should learn for your own Nibbana.

"Master, let me ask you, please tell me this.": ""I ask", ... (omitted, see
previous). "World Honored One" ... (omitted).

"[Venerable people like this are Da Ge]": "'Like this", ...(omitted). "Du Da
Ge", the Brahmin's name ...(omitted).

"Daxian! I look forward to your words": "Your words, ways of speaking, teaching,
teaching, admonition, I expect, I hope, I pray.
"Daxian" , Why is the Blessed One a Great Immortal? "The seeker, pursuer,
...(omitted).

"After hearing your words": "Your speech, language, teachings
admonitions; after hearing, after grasping, after understanding,
after discriminating." After hearing your words.

TODO: I don't understand something about the sentences here.
"You should learn for your own Nibbana": "There are three kinds of learning:
...(omitted, see previous). "For your own Nibbana" and for your own greed (??)
Nibbana, anger, ignorance, resentment... (slightly omitted) To  calm, silence,
extinguish, cut off, and cease all unwholesome practices, you should learn to
increase precepts. You should also learn To increase mind and wisdom. These
three learnings should be studied when directed towards (noting); when known
they should be learned; when seen... (omitted); when introspecting...; and being
careful to establish (decision), you should learn; you should learn when you win
by faith; you should learn when you have energetic effort; you should learn when
mindfulness arises; you should learn with mindfulness (focus); you should learn
when you know with wisdom; We should learn when we are proved (??); we should
learn when we should be omniscience (??); we should learn when we should be
renounced; we should learn when we should be practiced as evidence
(testimony??); Learning [Ps.1,41.], should be practiced, should be carried out
well, and should be turned after being held up." It is because you should learn
for your own Nibbana.


31. [Blessed one: "Dadage!"] If that is the case, please be enthusiastic, and
    wise and mindful here,
After hearing these words, you should learn for his own Nibbana.

"If that's the case, please be enthusiastic": "Please be enthusiastic; please be
brave; please be zealous; please have fortitude; please be firm; please be
vigorous, and may you make it happen; make it arise; make it fully produced;
make it appear; make it live." Be enthusiastic.

"Dudag", .... "Blessed One", ....

"Wise and mindful here": ""Here", belongs to this view; belongs to this liking;
belongs to this hobby; in this attachment; in this Dhamma; in this teaching; in
this brahma; in the teachings of this master; in this individual; in this human
world. "Wise", the concious,, the enlightened, the discriminating, the wise.
"Mindful", "Mindful in four ways: when practicing ...(omitted). Wise and
thoughtful right here.

"After hearing these words": ...(omitted).

"You should learn for your own Nibbana": ...(omitted, see previous).

32. I saw all the Brahman actors in heaven and the world of men, (there are no Brahman actors??)
I respect (salute??) you, you are all eyes (??), Shakyamuni! Please free me from doubts.

"I saw in heaven and the world of men": "Heaven", there are three kinds of
heaven: secular heaven, reborn heaven, and pure heaven. What is secular heaven?
Kings and princes and queens are called secular heavens. What is the rebirth?
The Four Kings, Thirty-Three Heavens, night days, day of the day, free days
(??), all Brahma heavens, and all the heavens above that are called Rebirth
Heavens. What is pure heaven? [Tathagata,] The troubles of the disciples of the
Tathagata have been exhausted. Arahats and Fanzhu (??) Bhikkhu Buddhas are
called pure heavens. The Blessed One is the heaven of the secular and the
departed heaven (??), the heaven of the pure heaven, the victorious heaven, the
heaven among the heaven, the lion among the lions, the dragon among the dragons,
the lord among the lords, the muni among the munis, the king among the kings. "I
see in the heavens and in the world of man": "In the world of man I see the
heavens (??); I see the superior heaven; I see the heaven in the heaven, I see,
I watch, I meditate, I observe." In the world of heaven and man.

"Brahman actors (doers) without possessions": ""No", no greed, no hatred,
...ignorance, sloth, seeing (sight), pollution, evil deeds; any of those who
treat the Buddha (for Buddha??) and the world (??), it has been cut off, and the
roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming
non-existent and immortal for the future. Therefore, the Buddha is called no
owner (not owner of these things??). "Brahman", the Blessed One is the Seven
Dhammas, the excluded state is Brahman (the Blessed One is the excluded state of
the seven laws of Brahmin ??): seeing is excluded, suspicion is excluded,
abstinence.., greed..., aversion, ignorance, sloth, and those evil and
unwholesome dhammas are excluded: those that are polluted, there are again.
People who are fearful, who suffer the consequences, and will die in the future.

[Blessed One:] [Sn.3.6, 524 verses]

"After all evil is eliminated, the state where the decontaminated good enters
the concentration standing (dwelling),
He transcends samsara and becomes a consummation (hero??). Those who are not dependent,
like this can be called a Brahman. "

"Actor", walker, doer, dweller, turner, guardian, and survivor. "A Brahmin
actor who has nothing.

"I respect you, you are all eyes": ""You", he said the world-honored. "I
respect", I respect with my body, or I respect with words, or I respect with my
heart, or I respect in its meaning, or I follow the Dhamma to show respect,
salute . "All eyes", all eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom. The
Blessed One arrives (has) (??), the state of intelligence of fully reaching
(having), entering, fully entering, having enough, having all the knowledge.

"For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there are still
unknowable, unknowable things (there are _no_ unknowable things??), He proves
that everything that exists should be guided, because the Tathagata is like that
for all eyes. (as it is for all eyes??)"" [Ps.1, paragraph 121]

I salute you, you are all eyes.

"Sakyamuni! Please free me from doubts": "Sakyamuni", "Sakyamuni is a monk from
the house of Sakya." This is Sakyamuni. Or, "the rich, the wealthy." This is
also Shakya. For him there are these wealth, namely: trusting wealth, abstaining
from wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing about wealth, giving wealth, wisdom
wealth, mindfulness of wealth, righteous wealth, divine wealth, root wealth,
strength wealth, enlightenment wealth, Path wealth, Fruit wealth, Nibbana
wealth, and use these various treasures as (for??) the rich, the wealthy. Or,
"Those who are possible, those who are able, those who flow out all kinds of
things, those who are sufficient, those who are heroes, those who are brave,
those who are heroic, those who are not timid, those who are not frightened,
those who do not run away, those who have given up fear of fear, those who have
given up terror and fear." Also Sakyamuni. Doubts are called doubts: doubt on
suffering, doubt on the path leading to suffering, doubt on the foreground,
doubt on the background, doubt in the context of the context (??), the doubt in
the specific conditional condition (??), such doubts, suspicions, doubtful
states, confusion, hesitation, crossroads, inconsistent grasping, hesitating,
incomplete understanding, stiff state, confusion of mind. "Sakyamuni! Please
free me from doubt": "Please free me; please release me; pull me out; please
pull me out completely; bring me out of doubt." Sakyamuni! Please free me from
doubts.

33. I will not be able to liberate you: Dudag! Anyone who doubts in the world,
When you know the best way, then you will get through this storm.

"I will not be able to liberate": "You, I will not be able to release, free,
make liberated, pull out, pull out completely, make to ascend, make to fully
ascend, in a doubtful arrow state (of being struck with the arrow of doubt??).
"I will not be able to liberate". Or, "I don't work hard on the unbelievers, on
the unwilling, on the slack, on those with inferior vitality, on the inactive; I
don't do my best; I don't strive; I don't do with valor; I don't work with
enthusiasm; I don't make fortitude; I don't make determination; I don't make
vitality; I don't make it produce; I don't make it appear; I don't make it fully
produced; I don't make it arise; I don't make it give birth to the teachings of
the Dhamma." This is also incapable of liberation. Or, "You don't have any other
liberators. Those who can be liberated use their own fortitude, with their own
energy, with their own striving, with their own brave efforts, with their own
power, with their own human power, with their own human vitality, with their own
work, with their own correct way of doing, following the path, not going the
opposite way, the way of following the Dhamma, and the way of doing the Dhamma,
they can be freed." This is also the way I will not be liberate you.

This was said by the Blessed One: "Chunta (Pure??)! "I am the one who has fallen
into the quagmire and will pull out the other people who have fallen into the
quagmire." This is impossible. Chunta! "I am an unregulated, untrained,
non-Nibbana one. I will make others tune, train, and attain Nibbana." This is
impossible. [MN.8]" This is also being incapable of liberating you.

This is said by the World Honored One: [Dph.12,165ÂÅà]
"He has done evil, he is polluted,
He who does do not do evil, he comes pure,
Purity and impurity are separate, one cannot make the other pure."
This is also not being able to liberate you.

This was also said by the Blessed One: "Similarly, Brahmin! Nibbana stays and
stands, which leads to the way of Nibbana stays and stands (?? Nibanna lived,
guided by the way of Nibbana??). My persuasion stays (My advice to live??).
However, when my disciples are taught and admonished in this way, some of them
have reached the ultimate end Nibbana, but some will not arrive, Brahmin! What
can I do here? Brahmin! Tathagata is the waypointer. [MN.107] Buddha only tells
(guides) the way, and they can be liberated when they practice it by
themselves." This also is not being able to liberate you.

"Any doubter in the world": "A doubter, a person who has doubts,
confusion, and hesitation. "Any (person)", any Kshatriya, or Brahman, or
Vaisha, or Sudra, or layman, or monk, or heaven, or person. "In the world", in
the world of the suffering world... (omitted). Any doubter in the world.

"When knowing the most triumphant Dhamma": "The highest Dhamma is called
immortality, Nibbana, which is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of
all attachments, the cessation of craving, greed, extinguishment, and Nibbana.
"Supreme, the first, the most victorious, the extraordinary, the highest,
the most advanced method; when knowing, distinguishing, understanding,
through." When knowing the most winning method.

"This way you will get through this storm": "Such a storm of desire, the storm
of seeing, the ignorant, you can get through, you can surpass, you can you can
overcome the storm. "For this you will get through this storm.

34. Brahman! The compassionate person asks, teach me, I can learn to stay
away from the Dhamma (??),
I am like the harmless person in the void, here I can walk silently and
unstoppable.

"Brahmin! Please teach the commandment for the compassionate": ""Brahmin! Please
teach the commandment; Brahman! Please help; Brahman! Please be merciful."
Brahman! Please teach the commandment. "The compassionate person", The
compassionate, the sympathizer, the protector, the funder, the compassionate."
Brahmin! The compassionate person asks you to teach.

---
checkpoint
---

"I can get away from the Dhamma that I can know": "Away from the Dhamma is
called immortality, Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation
of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbana.
"I can Knowing", I can know, know, dissociate, know for sure, understand, prove,
reach, and testify." For I can know, stay away from the Dhamma.

"I am like the innocent person of the void": "If the void is not stuck, not
captured, not tied, not tied to the world, then it is the one who is not stuck,
not captured, and not tied , The one who is not bound by all over." This is like
a person who has no evil in the void. "If the emptiness is not dyed with
carmine, or golden yellow, or indigo, or deep red [color], then the one who is
not dyed, the one who is not angry, the one who does not change foolishly, and
the one who does not pollute." This is also like the emptiness of the emptiness.
The victim. "If the void does not get angry, is not abusive, does not resist,
and is not attacked, this is the one who is not angry, the one who is not
abusive, the one who does not resist, the one who is not attacked, and the one
who does not fight back." This is also like the absence of the void By.

"Just here you can walk silently and unrestrainedly": ""Just here silently",
"when you are here; when you are here; when you are sitting here; when you are
sitting on this seat ; It's when sitting down among the crowd." This is just
here silently. Or, "Just here is silent, silent, calm, cooled, stopped." This is
also here silent There are two kinds of dependence in the "non-resistance
ground": the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing... (Omitted)
This is the dependence of craving... (Omitted) This is the dependence of
seeing... Thirsty After the dependence of love has been cut off, and the
dependence of seeing has been cut off, it becomes the non-dependant of the eyes,
the non-reliant of the ear, the non-reliant of the nose, the non-reliant of the
tongue, and the non-reliant of the body, Those who do not depend on the mind,
the colors... the sounds... the smells... the tastes... the touches... the
dhammas... the family... the group (the crowd)... the residence... the
benefit... the reputation... the praise ...Les...Clothes...Food...Dwelling...The
patient's needs and medical necessities...The Desire Realm...The Color
Realm...The Colorless Realm...The Desire to Be...The Colorless To...Want to
Have... ...There is no desire to exist...there is no desire to exist...the one
aggregate has...the four aggregates have...the five aggregates have...the
past...the future...now...is what you see, hear, feel, and can be known Those
who do not adhere to, those who do not adhere to, those who do not fall into,
those who do not adhere to, those who do not turn their minds toward (victory).
Those who have left, have given up, have been freed, have been separated from
the bondage, he is separated The heart of limitation [to live]. "Can do", can
do, can live, can act, can turn [, can guard], can survive, can survive."
Because it is here to be able to quietly, not rely on Ground line.

35. [World Zun: "Dadage!"] I will tell you the silence, in life rather than
    hearsay,

Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world.

"I will talk about the silence for you": "The stillness of greed, the stillness
of aversion, the stillness of ignorance, the stillness of anger, the
resentful... (omitted) the evil... the bossy... the jealous... the stingy...
Fake...cunning...stubborn...passionate...slow...extremely
slow...slow...slow...all polluting...all evil...all irritating ...All the
anxious...all the annoyed...all the unwholesomely created silence, silence,
silence, silence, cessation I will tell, I will announce, I will say, I will
explain, I will teach, I Will tell, I will build, I will uncover, I will parse,
I will clarify, I will explain." Silence will be told for you for me.

"[World Zun: "Du Da Ge!"] ": ""Du Da Ge", the World Venerable calls the woman by
her nameRoman. "World Zun", this is a synonym for respect... (abbreviated) Anri
(pseudonym) who testified, namely World Zun. "Is [World Zun: "Du Da Ge!"]

"In the current life and not in the hearsay": ""In the current life", "in the
seen (in the current life); in the known; in the measured; in the made clear
Top: "All actions are impermanent"... (abbreviated) "Any concentration of Dhamma
is an end to Dhamma" means in the Dhamma that is seen (in the current life); in
the Dhamma that is known; in the Dhamma that is measured; In the clarification
of the law, this is what [I will tell] is alive. Or, I will tell you about the
suffering of being seen; I will tell you about the collection of being seen; I
will tell you the way of being seen; I will tell you about being The extinction
of seeing is the extinction of [I will tell] in life. Or, [in the life as]
"directly visible, instant, inviting you to meet, guiding, and wise men should
experience it by themselves." This is also [I will tell] in the life. "For
being alive. "Not anecdotal", not anecdotal, not from rumors, not from
inheritance, not from Scripture, not from logical inference, not from reasoning,
not because of theoretical reflection, not because of an opinion received after
reflection, but by oneself The method of knowledge and self-evidence, I will
talk about that. "It's alive and not rumored.

"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing": "After knowing, weighing, judging,
separating, clarifying: "All actions are impermanent" after knowing, weighing,
judging, separating, After clarification; "All actions are suffering"... "All
Dhamma is without self" After knowing, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying... (omitted) "Any collection of methods is an
extinction "After knowing, after weighing, after judging, after separating,
after clarifying. "Conscientious" is conscientious in four ways: when practicing
mindfulness in the body, it is conscientious... (Omitted) He is called mindful.
"Walker" means when walking, staying, acting, turning, guarding, sustaining, and
sustaining." It is the practitioner who knows the mindfulness.

"Able to live through love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is
greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots.
"Being in love", what does it mean to be loving? ...... (Omitted) The enlarged
attachment" is love. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (in
the middle of the world). "Able to survive the love in the world": "The love in
the world, or the love in the world [Ni.1], he can pass through, surpass, pass,
pass, and overcome thoughtfully. "For the love in the world to survive.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Dadage!"] I will tell you the silence, which is in life and not
rumor,

Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world. "

36. I am so happy with that, Daxian! The highest silence,

Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world.

"I love that": ""That", your words, language, teaching, teaching, admonition. "I
rejoice", I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I can use [, I beg], I hope,
I hope, I pray." I am so happy for that.

"The Great Immortal! The Supreme Silence": ""The Great Immortal", why the
Blessed One is the Great Immortal? "The seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the Great
Ring Aggregate" is the Great Immortal; "The Great Definite Aggregate... Where?"
is the great immortal. "The supreme silence", silence is called immortality,
Nibbana, that is the cessation of all actions, the cessation of all attachments,
the extinction of craving, greed, extinction, and Nibbana.ÁöÑ)", the first, the
most victorious, the victorious, the first, the most, the top, the top." For
Daxian! The highest silence.

"Anyone who knows the thought after knowing": "After knowing... (omitted) "All
actions are impermanent" after knowing, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying; "All actions are suffering "..." "All Dhamma is
non-self"... (omitted) "Any collection of Dhamma is extinct" After knowing,
weighing, judging, separating, and clarifying. There are four ways to be
mindful: when you practice mindfulness in your body, you are mindful...
(omitted) he is called mindful. "Walker", when walking... (omitted) ." For those
who know the thoughts behind.

"Able to live through the love in the world": "Love" is called craving, which is
greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Being in love",
what does it mean to be loving? "... (omitted) The enlarged attachment" is love.
"In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (in the middle of the
world). "Can survive the love in the world": "In the world that he loves, or in
the world that he should love, he can spend thoughtfully, can transcend...
(omitted) can overcome." To be able to survive the world In love.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"I like that so much, Daxian! The most silent,

Anyone who knows the thoughtfulness can live through the love in the world. "

37. [World Zun: "Dago!"] Anything you know rightly, in the upper, lower and
    middle four directions,

After knowing that this is the "dyeing" in the world, you should not be thirsty
in all kinds of existence.

"Anything you know rightly": "Anything you know rightly, what you understand [,
what you know], what you know for sure, what you understand." For anything you
know rightly. ""Dudag", the Blessed One called the Brahmin by his name. "World
Zun", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who
testified, that is, the Blessed One." is [World Zun: "Dudag! "].

"In the upper, lower, and middle four directions": ""Up" is the future, "Down"
is the past, "Middle Four" is the present; "Up" is the heavenly world, "Down" is
the hell world, "Middle Four" It is the world of human beings. Or, "Up" is good
Dhamma, "Down" is unwholesome Dhamma, "Middle Quartet" is non-marked Dhamma;
"Up" is the colorless realm, "Down" is the desire realm, and "Middle Quartet" is
the physical realm ; "Up" means happy feeling, "Down" means suffering, "Middle
Quartet" means not suffering or not happy; "Up" means above the sole of the
foot, "Down" means below the hair, and "Middle Quartet" means in the middle. "It
is the four directions above, below, and in the middle.

"Knowing that this is the "dyeing" in the world": "This is dyeing, this is
adhesion, this is binding, this is obstacle." After knowing, after
understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, After knowing
it." After knowing that this is the "stained" in the world.

"Don't thirst in all kinds of existence": ""Thirst for love", the thirst for
sex, the thirst for sound... (in the middle) the thirst for Dhamma. "In all
kinds of existence", all kinds of existence in kamma In the middle, in the
desire to be there again; in the desire to have, in the physical existence; in
the physical existence, in the colorless existence; in the colorless existence,
in the colorless existence, There is again and again; in repeated interest, in
rebirth, in rebirth, and in individual birth. Don't be thirsty, don't arouse
craving, don't produce craving, You don't want to thirst, you don't give birth
to thirst, please give up, please drive away, please make the end, please make
it go to non-existence." For you, don't make craving for all kinds of things.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Dadage!"] Anything you know rightly above, below, and in the
middle,

After knowing that this is the "dyeing" in the world, you should not be thirsty
in all kinds of existence. "

At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is
my teacher, I am a disciple."

The fifth explanation asked by the Brahmin of the Dudag student [completed].





Summary:

1. Rely on one's own efforts (being enthusiasm = bravery, enthusiasm, fortitude,
   determination, vitality, desire) to liberate instead of the Blessed One (the
   Blessed One is the one who guides the way and cannot make liberation).

2. Know that after dyeing, don't be thirsty for all kinds of things ‚áí can spend
   love in the world.

10/17/2020 16:10


