6. Explanations asked by the Brahmin of U Bosi student
     38. [Venerable U Bosi like this:] Sakyamuni! I am lonely, unrestrained, I can’t get through the storm,
      All those who see, please tell us about the object: Those who depend on it can survive the storm.
"Sakyamuni! I am lonely...the great torrent": ""Lonely", "Without my person’s partner, or without my partner of Dhamma: Anyone who is dependent or dependent on the law can survive, Can transcend, pass, overcome, and overcome the storms of great desire, some storms, the storms of seeing, the storms of ignorance." "Sakyamuni", "Sakyamuni is a monk from the Shakya family." . Or, "the rich, the rich, the rich." It is also Sakyamuni. For him, there are these wealth, namely: faith in wealth, abstaining from wealth, shame in wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing wealth, giving wealth, wisdom wealth, thoughts Sustaining wealth... (Omitted) Nirvana wealth, using these multiple treasures as the rich, the rich, the rich. Or, "the possible, the able, the sufficiency, the hero, the brave, the brave, and not the cowardly Those who do not frighten, those who do not frighten, those who do not run away, those who have given up on the fear of terror, those who have left their bodies and erected hair." It is also Sakyamuni." It is Sakyamuni! I am lonely... a big storm.
"[Like this Venerable Wu Bosi]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (abbreviated) "Venerable", [this is] love language... (abbreviated) "Wu Bosi", who The name of the Brahmin... (abbreviated) is called." It is [Venerable U Bosi like this].
"I can't get over the unrestrained": "The'undependable', the unrestrained of man or the unrestrained of the law, I can't, I can't, I can't, can't afford to get over it , Transcend, pass, surpass, overcome the violent currents of great desire, some violent currents, the violent currents of seeing, the violent currents of ignorance. "Being unrestrained, I cannot get through.
"All eyes, please tell you about the object": "The object, the dependence of the condition, the close dependence, please tell, please explain, please teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover, please You parse, please clarify, please explain. "All eyes are", all eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom. Therefore, the Blessed One reaches (has), reaches (has), enters, enters completely, has enough, has enough , State intelligence with all knowledge.
    『For him, there is nothing unseen here (in this world), there are still unknowable, unknowable things,
       He proves that everything that exists should be led to infer, because the Tathagata is like that for all eyes. "" [Ps.1, paragraph 121]
     For all those who see, please tell me what you are.
"Anyone who is dependent can ride through the storm": "Anyone who is dependent", a mortal or law-based person can overcome, transcend, pass, pass, and overcome the storm of great desire , Some storms, see storms, ignorant storms. "For those who depend on it can survive the storm.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable U Bosi like this:] Sakyamuni! I am lonely, unrestrained, and I cannot survive the great storm,
      All those who see, please tell us about the object: Those who depend on it can survive the storm. "
    39. [World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"] Watching the nothing, the thoughtful, and relying on "nothing" to make you ride through the storm,
       has been freed from doubts after she gave up on her desire, and she has increased day and night watching the demise of her craving.
"Watching the non-owner, the thoughtful": "The Brahman was originally the attainer and the dependent who has no possessions. He doesn't know "This is my dependence." The Blessed One explained to him the dependence And the higher way out: enter into the no-owner place with thoughtfulness and wait until, and then after coming out from there, there, watching [it] is impermanent, suffering, and sick in the mind and mental states that arise , Tumor, arrow, curse, disease, other side, corrupt, catastrophic, scourge, terror, disaster, mobile, perishable, unstable, no shelter, no refuge, no Refuge, non-refuge, surrendered, hypocritical, empty, selfless, fault, change law, false, unfortunate root, {some}[killer?], nothing, there Worrying, promising, magic food (bait), birth, old age, sickness, death, sorrow and despair, concentration, extinction, pleasure, trouble, renunciation, he is watching, seeing, watching Watching, watching and observing.
     "Those with thoughts": all thoughts, random thoughts, remembrance... (omitted) This is called thought. Having... (Omitted) Having this thought, he is called a thoughtful person. "In order to look at the nothing, the mindful.
"[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"]": ""Wu Bosi", the Blessed One called the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", this is a respectful synonym... That is the Lord."For [World Zun: "U Bosi!"].
"Relying on "Nothing" makes you ride through the storm": ""Nothing" means waiting for nothing. For what reason is "nothing" waiting for nothingness? Enter into the boundless place of knowledge mindfully After waiting, and then coming out from there, there, that consciousness does not make it exist, make it exist, make it disappear, he sees "nothing", and for this reason "nothing" is nothing. To. After relying on, relying on, and after doing what you want, you can get through, surpass, pass, go over, overcome the storms of desire, some storms, the storms of seeing, the storms of seeing." "After that, you get through the storm.
"After giving up on desire, I have been freed from doubts": ""Desire", there are two kinds of desires from praising: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (abbreviated) these are called the desires of things... (abbreviated) ) These are called the desires of pollution. "After giving up on the desires", "after knowing the desires for things, after giving up on the desires for pollution, after giving up, after being driven away, after finishing, and making it come to After non-existence." After giving up on desire. "I have been separated from doubts", doubts are called doubts: doubts on suffering...(slightly omitted) the mind’s confusion. "I have been separated from doubts and abstained. , Has been abstained, has been separated, has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he lives with the heart of separation and limitation.” This is to have been separated from all doubts. Or, “from thirty-two kinds of beasts Separation, abstinence, abstinence, renunciation, renunciation, liberation, and renunciation, he lives with the heart of separation and limitation." This is also the separation from doubts." After the break, he was free from all doubts.
"Day and night increase to see the extinguishment of craving": "The craving of "Thirst" is the color of craving... (in Chinese) Dhamma craving. Night is called night, day is day, day and night watch and increase Looking up, seeing, watching, watching, watching, observing the extinction of craving, the extinction of greed, the extinction of hatred, the extinction of ignorance, the extinction of interest, the extinction of past life, the end of life Extinction, the extinction of some, the extinction of reincarnation, the extinction of reincarnation." The day and night increase to see the end of craving.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"] Watching the non-have, the thoughtful, relying on "No" and let you ride through the storm,
       has been freed from doubts after she gave up on her desire, and she has increased day and night watching the demise of her craving. "
    40. [Venerable U Bosi like this:] Anyone who has become greedy in all desires, relies on no owner to abandon others,
       There is a victor who wants to be liberated and the highest, can he live there and become a non-traveler?
     "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": "In everything", all completely, completely in every aspect, without residue, and the whole earth. This is the language of pervasiveness, which is "in everything." "On the desire", there are two kinds of desires in Cong Song: the desire for things and the desire for pollution... (slightly omitted) these are called the desires for things... (abbreviated) these are called the desire for pollution. "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires, has no greed, has abandoned greed, has eliminated greed, has freed from greed, has renounced greed, has Those who break greed, those who have been suppressed." For those who have departed from greed in all their desires.
"[Like this Venerable Wu Bosi]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (abbreviated) "Venerable", [this is] love language... (abbreviated) "Wu Bosi", who The name of the Brahmin... (abbreviated) is called." It is [Venerable U Bosi like this].
"Rely on no owner and abandon the others": "The lower six wait until he abandons, abandons, after giving up forever, surpasses, crosses, overcomes, and becomes a dependent, sticky person who has no place to wait. Those who enter, those who fully enter, those who are dyed, those who turn their minds toward them." After abandoning others for reliance on no owner.
"The victors who want to liberate and are at the highest level": "Those who want to liberate are called the seven kinds of wanting to wait, and there is nowhere to wait for liberation for those who want to wait to be the first and the most victorious , The best, the first, the highest, the top, the best, the best, the best, the top, the top, the top, the winner of liberation, There is the overcomer, the overcomer, the character, the more, the heavy, the one who is the object, the harder, the lean, the overwhelming, and the more The winner." It is the one who has the highest level of success in liberation.
"Can he live and stand there and become a non-traveler": ""Can he live and stand", questioning of doubt, questioning of perplexity, questioning of doubt, questioning of more than one question: "Is that so? Isn't that true? Yes. What is it? How is it?" "Can he live and stand". "There", in nowhere."Non-travelers", those who do not follow, those who do not shake (Thailand version), those who do not leave, those who do not disappear, and those who do not return. Or, the one who is not infected, the one who does not fall, the one who does not change to be foolish, the one who is not defiled. "Because he can live there and become a non-traveler?"
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable U Bosi like this:] Anyone who has become greedy in all desires, relies on no owner to abandon others,
       There is a victor who wants to be liberated and the highest, can he live there and become a non-traveler? "
    41. [World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"] After all those who are greedy in all their desires, rely on no owner to abandon other things,
       There is a victor who wants to be liberated and the highest, he can live there and become a non-traveler.
     "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": "In everything", all completely, completely in every aspect, without residue, and the whole earth. This is the language of pervasiveness, which is "in everything." "On the desire", there are two kinds of desires in Cong Song: the desire for things and the desire for pollution... (slightly omitted) these are called the desires for things... (abbreviated) these are called the desire for pollution. "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires": "Anyone who has departed from greed in all desires, ... (omitted) those who have renounced greed, have suppressed." For those who have departed from greed in all desires .
"[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"]": ""Wu Bosi", the Blessed One called the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", this is a respected synonym... That is the World Honored One." is [World Honored One: "U Bosi!"]
"Rely on no owner and abandon the others": "The lower six wait until he abandons, abandons, after giving up forever, surpasses, crosses, overcomes, and becomes a dependent, sticky person who has no place to wait. Those who enter, those who fully enter, those who are dyed, those who turn their minds toward them." After abandoning others for reliance on no owner.
"The victors who want to liberate and are at the highest level": "Those who want to liberate are called the seven kinds of wanting to wait, and there is nowhere to wait for liberation for those who want to wait to be the first and the most victorious , The best, the first, the highest, the top, the best, the best, the best, the top, the top, the top, the winner of liberation, The victor there, the victor... (omitted), the victor." It is the victor who wants to liberate and is the highest.
"He can live and stand there and become a non-follow": ""He can live and stand", he can live and stand for sixty thousand kalpas. "There", in nowhere. "The non-follow", the non-follow, The one who does not shake (Thailand version), the one who does not leave, the one who does not disappear, the one who does not retreat. Or, the one who is not infected, the one who does not fall, the one who does not remain ignorant, the one who does not defile." For he can live there. Become a non-traveler.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"] Anyone who has become greedy in all their desires, relies on no owner and abandons others,
       There is a victor who wants to be liberated and the highest, he can live there and become a non-traveler. "
    42. [Venerable U Bosi like this:] If he can live there and become a non-traveler, even for many years, all eyes!
       is there he will get cold and become a liberator? Will the consciousness of people like that die?
"If he can live there and become a non-follow": "If he can live and stand sixty thousand kalpas. "There", in nowhere. "The non-follow", the non-follow, the one who does not shake (Thailand Version), the one who does not leave, the one who does not disappear, the one who does not retreat. Or, the one who is not infected, the one who does not fall, the one who does not change ignorance, the one who is not defiled." Because he can live there and become an unfollow.
"Even for many years, all eyes are": ""Even years, even years; many years; many hundred years; many thousand years; many ten thousand years; many kalpas; many kalpas; many kalpas; many kalpas." , All eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom... (Omitted) Tathagata is because that is the one who is all eyes. "For all the eyes, even for many years!
"Where he will become cold and become a liberated one? The consciousness of a person like that will die": ""There he is the arrival of the cool state, constant, firm, eternal, and unchanging. Will it survive like Chang Heng? Or will his consciousness die, be extinguished, disappear, perish, or not exist?" "Will some reborn consciousness be born from the desire realm, or the physical realm, or the non-material realm? He asked the permanence and extinction of those who have entered into nothingness. Or will they be there to realize Nirvana in the unremaining realm of Nirvana? Or, "Will his consciousness die, and the further realization of consciousness will arise in the desire realm," Or the physical realm, or the non-material realm?" He asked about the nirvana and consummation of those who have no place to regenerate. "Like that kind of person,"Like that, the setter, the kind, the similar, the rebirth with nowhere. "Why would he become cold and liberated just there?" Will the consciousness of people like that die?
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable U Bosi like this:] If he can live there and become a non-traveler, even for many years, all eyes!
       is there he will get cold and become a liberator? Will the consciousness of people like that die? "
    43. [World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"] Like the flame being thrown by the wind, it does not come to the name when it goes to extinction,
       Like this, Muni has been freed from the name and body, and he will not come to the name when he goes to extinction.
"Like a flame thrown by the wind": "The flame is called a light flame. "Wind", east wind, west wind, north wind, south wind, dusty wind, dust-free wind, cold wind, heat The wind, the small wind, the extreme wind, the swift wind, the cross wind, the wind of the golden-winged bird, the wind of the dormitory leaves, the wind of the fan. "Tossed by the wind", tossed, tossed, dispersed, and strongly dispersed , Hit, eliminate." It is like a flame thrown by the wind.
"[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"]": ""Wu Bosi", the Blessed One called the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", this is a respected synonym... That is the World Honored One." is [World Honored One: "U Bosi!"]
"Walk to extinction, it does not come to the name": ""Walk to extinction", to go to extinction, make it go to extinction, go to extinction, be extinct, be calmed down, stop. "It will not come Name", the name does not come (it is difficult to be given a name), tells it does not come, counts it does not come, sets up it does not come: "It has arrived in the East, or has arrived in the West, or has arrived in the North, Either it has reached the south, or has reached the top, or has reached the bottom, or has reached the horizontal direction, or has reached the middle of the four directions." It has no cause, no predestiny, and no factor that will fall into (walk to) the name. "It does not come to the name because it goes to extinction.
     "Muni is free from name and body like this": "Like this" is a figurative arrangement. "Muni", Mu Na is called wisdom, that is wisdom, knowledge and understanding... (slightly) after transcending the net, he is Mou Ni. "Already freed from the name and body", the Muni who had been freed from the body before, crossed that part (Cambodia version) and was cut off by Zhenfushe. For the Muni, because of the existence, the four holy ways are obtained, the name and body are omnibigued in the acquired state of the four holy ways, and the omniscience of the name and body is the omniscience of the name and body. Disengagement from the body, liberation, and kind liberation, and liberation without clinging. "Because Muni is free from name and body like this.
"He doesn't come to the name when he walks to extinction": ""He doesn't come to the name" with the world of Nirvana without remnants. "He does not come to the name", he does not come to the name of the one who realizes Nirvana in the world of Nirvana without residual. To (he is difficult to be given a name), tell him that he will not come, count that he will not come, and set him up: "Kshatriya", or "Brahman", or "Visha", or "Sudra ", or "at home", or "uncle", or "god", or "person", or "color", or "colorless", or "thinking", or "not thinking", Or "Neither the thinker nor the non-thinking one." He has no cause, no predestiny, and no factor to fall into (walk to) the name." He does not come to the name as he goes to extinction.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"] Like a flame thrown by the wind, it does not come to the name when it goes to extinction,
       Like this, Muni has been free from the name and body, and he will not come to the name when he goes to extinction. "
    44. Has he reached extinction or he does not exist, or is Chang Heng a disease-free person?
       Ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower of these laws.
     "He has reached extinction or he does not exist": "He has reached extinction or does not exist, he has been annihilated, has been destroyed, has been destroyed." It means he has reached annihilation or he does not exist.
     "Changheng is still the disease-free": "It is still constant, firm, eternal, and unchanging. It will continue as the same as Changheng." For the disease-free.
"Muni, please explain this thoroughly for me": ""That", everything I ask; everything I beg; everything I ask; everything that makes me clear. "Muni", Mou is called wisdom, That is Hui, Zhi Jie... (slightly) After transcending the net, he is Muni. "Explanation thoroughly", please explain [that] thoroughly; please teach, please inform, please establish, please Uncover, please parse, please clarify, please explain." To ask Muni to explain that thoroughly for me.
     "Because you are the knower of these laws like this": "Because you are the knower of these laws like this,The measurer, the judge, the clearer, the clearer. "Because you are the knower of these laws like this.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "He has reached extinction or he does not exist, or is Chang Heng a disease-free person?
       Ask Muni to explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower of these laws. "
    45. [World Zun: "U Bosi!"] It does not exist for the one who has reached extinction, and what can be said that he does not exist for him,
       When all dhamma has been eradicated, all language paths are also eradicated.
"For those who have reached extinction, measure non-existence": "For those who have reached extinction; for those who have no remnants of Nirvana, the measure of sex does not exist, the measure of receiving does not exist, the measure of thinking The measurement of non-existence, action does not exist, the measurement of consciousness does not exist; it does not exist, does not exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and fired by wisdom Burning." To measure non-existence for those who have reached extinction.
"[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"]": ""Wu Bosi", the Blessed One called the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", this is a respected synonym... That is the World Honored One." is [World Honored One: "U Bosi!"]
"What can be said about him does not exist for him": "What can be said about him by what greed; what can be said about him by what kind of hatred; what can be said about him by what fool; what can be said about him by what slow; Seeing who can speak of him; what can be said about him; what can be said about him by what disbelief; what can be said about him by what suspicion; what can be said about him by the latent tendency of troubles, become "infected", or "disgusting", or "ignorant" ", or "being bound", or "clinging", or "coming to the disorganized", or "coming to the unsatisfactory", or "coming to the fortitude"? Those deeds have been abandoned, all What is the interesting aspect of the state of being abandoned, he will tremble and become a "hell-fallen", or a "beast-fallen person", or a "hungry ghost-landish person", or a "human", or a "heaven", or a "colored"者", or "colorless", or "thinking", or "non-thinking", or "neither thinking nor non-thinking"? He has no cause, no predestined, no factor to say so , Can tell, can talk, can explain, can speak." What can be said about him does not exist for him.
"When all Dhamma has been eradicated": "In all Dhamma, in all aggregates, in all places, in all realms, in all places of interest, in all rebirth, in all incarnations, in all existence, in all reincarnation, in all When the cycle has been pulled out, when it has been eradicated, when it has been removed, when it has been completely removed, when it has been removed, when it has been removed, when it has been removed, when it has been removed, when it has calmed down, when it has ceased, cannot arise Time, the time has been burned by the fire of wisdom." It is the time when all laws have been eradicated.
"All language paths are also eradicated": "The language path is called the pollution and the various aggregates and the various creations. For him, the language, the language path, the name (adding words), the name, the language, the language, and the peace , Anlidao has been pulled out, has been eradicated, has been removed, has been completely removed, has been removed, has been removed, has been removed, has been removed, has calmed down, has ceased, cannot arise, has been burned by wisdom fire." For all language ways are also eradicated.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Wu Bosi!"] It does not exist for the one who has reached extinction, and what can be said of him does not exist for him,
       When all dhamma has been eradicated, all language paths are also eradicated. "
     At the same time as the verse is over, all those who and Brahmin... (omitted) put their palms together to pay respect to the Blessed One, and sit down: "Great Virtue! The Blessed One is my teacher, and I am a disciple."
     The sixth explanation asked by the Brahmin of U Bosi student [Completed].


Summary:
1. On the basis of no-owner concentration (Ni.31) to prove liberation: relying on nothing (knowledge does not make it exist), it is impermanence and suffering in the mind and mental states that arise... (= Vipassana= Wisdom ), free from doubt, day and night watched the dying of craving cross the storm.
  2. The liberated person is like a flame thrown by the wind, and it does not come to the name when it goes to extinction, and it does not exist for him, because all the ways of speech are also eradicated when all laws are eradicated.
  10/17/2020 16:24
