"If he can dwell there to be no accompanying": "If he can dwell 60,000 robbers."
"There," in nowhere. "Do not accompanied", do not entourage, do not shake
(Thailand version), do not leave, do not disappear, do not return. Or the one
who is not infected, the undereachable, the fool, the unpolluted." For he could
dwell there to be no accompanying.

"Even years, all eyes": "Even years, even years," many years; many centuries;
many thousand years; many thousand years; many thousands of years; many
robberies; many hundreds of robberies; many thousands of robberies; many
thousands of robberies; many. "All eyes", all eyes are called the state of
wisdom of all knowledge... (medium) as it is for all eyes." For even years, all
eyes!

"Where would he become cold as a freer? "The knowledge of those like that will
die": "'Where he is a refreshing arrider, is constant, solid, eternal,
immutable, and will survive as everlasting? Or will his knowledge die,
disappear, disappear, perish, and absent? "Will there be a sense of desire, or
color, or no color?" He asked the constant and disruption of those who had
entered nothing. Or is it that there will be no residual Nibbana Nibbana? Or,
'Will his knowledge die? Further knowledge will be born out of desire, or color,
or no color? ' He asked everywhere regenerators like Nibbana and birth. "Like
those," like those,Like that, the fixator, the kind, the similarity, the man who
has nothing to regenerate." For where he will get cold to become a freer? Will
the knowledge of people like that die?

43. [Worldworld: "Ubossi!"] If the flame is thrown by wind, line to extinguish
    it does not come to name,
Like this, Muni has been liberated from his name, and he does not come to the
name.

"As flames are thrown by wind": "Flame is called light flame. "Wind", the wind
of the east, the wind of the west, the wind of the north, the wind of the south,
the wind with dirt, dirt free wind, cold wind, hot wind, small wind, great wind,
rapid wind, side wind, wind of Goldwingbird, Dora Wind of leaves, fan wind.
"Thrown by the wind", thrown, thrown, dispersed, strongly dispersed, hit,
eliminated by wind." For such as flames are thrown by wind.

"[Worldmark: 'Ubossi! ']" : ""Ubossi," Worldman named the Brahman by name.
"Worldworld," this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of
(medium), that is Worldworld." For [Worldhotel: "Ubossi!"]

"Line to extinguish it does not come to name": ""line to extinguish", line to
extinguish, make go to extinguish, go to extinguish, be extinguished, calmed
down, stop. "It does not come to the name," name it does not come (it is
difficult to be given a name), says it does not come, calculates it does not
come, Anli does not come: 'Has come to the east, or has come to the west, or to
the north, or has arrived The South, either above, below, or transverse, or to
the middle of the Quartet." It has no cause, no edge, no factor will fall (to)
the name." It does not come to the name for the line to kill.

"Like this Muni has been freed from his name": "Like this" is an analogical
arrangement. "Muni", Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding...
(medium) beyond the dyed net after he is Muni. "Has been liberated from the
name", the Muni was previously freed from the color, after crossing that part
(Cambodia version), was cut off by the town. For that Muni, because of the
existence, the four sacred path is obtained, the four sacred path has been
obtained state, name and color have been known, to name and color has been known
state has been dissociated from the name and color body, relief, good Unlexive,
to do not perform exactly. ' For like this Muni has been liberated from the
name.

"Line to destroy him does not come to the name": "Line to destroy", with no
residual Nibbana Nibbana. "He does not come to the name," he does not come by
the name of the Nibbana without remnants of Nibbana, He does not come (he is
difficult to be given a name), says that he does not come, counting he does not
come, Anli does not come: 'Chatri' Brahmen, or "Bisha," or "Sudala", or "those
who are at home," or "angels", or "people", or "colourless", or "thinks", or
"unwanna" "or 'neither thinks nor unwittants'. He has no reason, no edge, no
factor will fall (to) the name." For the line to extinguish him does not come to
name.

Because then, Worldman said:

"[Worldworld: "Ubossi!"] If the flame is thrown by wind, line to extinguish it
does not come to name,

Like this, Muni has been liberated from his name, and he does not come to the
name."

44. Has he reached extinction or he does not exist, or is he constantly sick?

Please Muni explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower
of these laws.

"He has reached extinction or he does not exist": "He has reached extinction or
does not exist, he has been destroyed, destroyed, and destroyed." For him has
reached extinction or he does not exist.

"Still eternal as sick": "Still constant, solid, eternal, immutable, will
survive as constant constant." For the person who is not sick or constant.

"Let Moni explain this thoroughly for me": "That, whosoever I ask; whosoever I
beg; whosoever I ask, and whosoever makes me clear. "Muni", Mune is called
wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he is
Muni. "Thorough explanation", please explain [that] thoroughly; please teach,
please inform, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain,
please explain, please explain. To ask Muni to explain it thoroughly for me.

"For like this you are the know of these laws": "For like this you are the
knower of these laws,The measure, the judge, the clear, the clear." Because like
this you are the know of these laws.

Because then, the Brahman said:

"Has he reached extinction or he does not exist, or is he not sick?

Please Muni explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower
of these laws."

45. [Worldworld: "Ubossi!"] to measure non-existence for those who have reached
    the extinction, by what can say that he does not exist for him,

When all laws have been eradicated, all language paths are also eradicated.

"For those who have reached extinction does not exist": "For those who have
reached the extinction; for those who have no residue Nibbana Nibbana, the
measure of color does not exist, the measure of the subject does not exist, the
desired measure does not exist, the line The measure does not exist, the measure
of knowledge does not exist; it does not exist, does not exist, not known, not
found, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, burned
by wisdom fire." No measure exists for those who have reached extinction.

"[Worldmark: 'Ubossi! ']" : ""Ubossi," Worldman named the Brahman by name.
"Worldworld," this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of
(medium), that is Worldworld." For [Worldhotel: "Ubossi!"]

"In what can say that he does not exist to him": "by what kind of greed can say
him; by what can say him; by what kind of stupid can say him; by what slow can
say him; by what can say him; by what can say him; Those who can say him; what
doubts can say him; and by what potential trend of troubles can say him, become
"dyed," or "disgusting," or "foolish", or "bondage", or "followers", or "comers"
The scattered, or 'come to the unconsented', or 'come to the fortitude? ' The
creations have been cut off, and the creations have been cut off. What fun will
he fighters, become "Hell," or "Fallen Beasts," or "Hungry Ghost," or "Man", or
"Heaven", or A colourless person, or a "colorless" or "thinker", or
"unwittless", or "neither thinkable nor unwittless"? He has no reason, no fate,
nor a factor to speak, to tell, speak, explain, and speak. To what can say that
he does not exist for him.

"When all the law has been eradicated": "In all law, in all wounds, in all
circles, in all circles, in all things, in all things, in all life, in all
birth, in all there, in all reincarnation, in all turns When pulling, when
eradicated, when unplugged, when fully unplugged, when pulled out, when pulled
out, disconnected, when disconnected, calmed down, stopped, when unable to
start, had been burned by intelligence fire. For when all laws have been
eradicated.

"All language paths are also eradicated": "The language path is called the
pollution and the creation of the people. For him, language, language, name
(added words), name saying, language, verbal channel, Anrik, Anrik, Anitte has
been pulled, eradicated, unplugged, fully unplugged, pulled, pulled out,
disconnected, Disconnected, calmed down, stopped, could not be born, has been
burned by wisdom fire. All language paths are also eradicated.

Because then, Worldman said:

"[Worldworld: "Ubossi!"] to measure non-existence for those who have reached the
extinction, by what can say that he does not exist for him,

When all laws have been eradicated, all words are also eradicated."

At the end of the Ode, those with Brahmen... (Carid) salute the worldship with
their connotations, and sit down: "Great Deed! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple."

The sixth statement asked by Ubossi student Brahmen [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. on the basis of the definition of nothing (Ni.31) certificate of relief: no
   (knowledge or not to exist), in the sense of the birth of the heart, it is a
   constant bitterness... (= Bisherna = Hui), out of doubt, Day and night on
   watching thirsty love extinct through the rim.

2. freer such as the flame thrown by wind, line to extinguish it does not come
   to the name, for him measure does not exist, because in all the law has been
   eradicated all language is also eradicated.

10/17/2020 16:24

