6. Statement by the Ubossi student Brahmen
 38. [His Holiness Ubossi like this:] Shakya! I am lonely, endless, I am not able to survive the storm,
 All eyes please tell you about the fate: whosoever stops can survive the storm.
 “Shakya! I am a lonely... torn”: “Lonely”, “No man's partner, or no partner of my law: whoever follows or the law of the rest can pass, can pass, pass, overcome A riot of great desire, some of them, the riot of sight, an outflow of unknown. “Shakya”, “Shakya Worldworld is a man from the Shakya family For Shakya. Or, “The rich, the rich, the wealthy.” Also for Shakya. For him there are these wealth, namely: credit, quit wealth, ashamed wealth, wealth, hearing about wealth, alms, wealth, remembrance of wealth... (medium) Nirvana wealth, with these multiple treasures for the rich, the rich, wealthy. Or, “Probable, Able, Seed, Ample, Hero, Brave, Valiant, Not Frightened, Not Frightened, Not Frightened, Not Frightened, Not Frightened, No Runaway, Those who have cut off the fear of terror, and those who have been erected . ' Also for Shakya. For Shakya! I'm lonely... big storm.
 “[His Holiness like this]”: “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence... (S) “His Holiness”, [this is] the word of love... “Ubossi”, the name of the Brahman... Name.” For [His Holiness like this, Ubersi].
 “No stop, I can not pass”: ““No stop”, people are endless or lawless, I can not, I can not, I can not, I can not, I can not, I can not, cannot afford to pass, beyond, pass, pass through, overcome The riot of desire, some of them, the riot of sight, and an unclear riot. For the endless、I can not spend。
 “All eyes please tell you about the fate”: “The fate, the fate of the relay, near, please tell you, please explain, please tell you, please inform, please you build, please uncover, please you explain, please you please clarify, please you please Description. “All eyes”, all eyes are called the state of wisdom of all knowledge. Worldworld thus arrived (with), fully reached (with), entered, fully entered, fully sufficient, with all the knowledge of the state wisdom.
 “For him there is nothing unseen here, and there is no knowledge, and cannot be known,
 He testifies that whosoever exists should be guided, as it is for all eyes.” [Ps.1, para. 121]
 For all eyes, please tell you.
 “Whosoever stops can survive the storm”: “whoever stops”, mortal stops or the rest of the law can pass, can pass, can pass, can overcome the riot of desire, some riot, see the storm, unclear The rim.” For whoever stops can survive the storm.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[His Holiness Ubossi like this:] Shakya! I am lonely, endless, I am not able to survive the storm,
 All the eyes will tell you about the fate: whosoever stops can survive the storm.”
 39. [Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] Watch the ones that have nothing, have a mind, and stop “no” after you get through the rim,
 After the desire to break away from all doubts, day and night to see thirsty love extinction.
 “Watching what is nothing, the mind”: “The Brahman was the witness and the rest of nothing to wait, he did not know “This is my stop”, Worldworld explained for him the way out of the rest and above: And when he came out there, and then came out from there, to watch [it] in the heart and in the way it was born, bitter, sick, tumor, arrows, woe, sickness, On the other side, spoilt, catastrophic, evil, horror, evil, mobile, vulnerable, unsolid, no refuge, no refuge, no return, no return, no return, hypocritical, empty, none My, Excessive, Variable, Falsy, Unfortunate Root, {Some} [Killer?] , nothing, troubled, there is mercy, magic food (bait), sickness, death, sorrow and sorrow despair, set law, extermination, fun, oversickness, away, he watched, looked, watched, watched, watched, watched, watched, watched, watched, watched Observe.
 “There are notions”: all thoughts, perceptions, memories... (medium) This is called reading. With... (medium) has this mind, he is called the mist.” To watch without all, have a mind.
 “[Worldmark: 'Ubossi! ']” : ““Ubossi,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.”For [Worldhotel: “Ubossi!”].
 “Stop “no” and then make you through the storm”: ““Nothing” is nothing to wait until. “Nothing” for what reason is nothing to wait until? Consciously into the borderless place, and then came out from there, there, the one who knew it existed, away from it, and made it disappear, he saw 'Nothing, 'for this reason 'There is nothing.' Wait for nothing. After relying on, after relying on, after making the fate of you to pass, transcend, pass through, over, overcome the riot of desire, some of them, the torrents of see, the torrents.” To stop “no” after you get through the rim.
 “After the desire to break away from the doubts”: “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires from praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (medium) These are called the desires of pollution. . “After the desire to be disconnected,” “after the desire of things is known, after the desire of pollution is discarded, discarded, after expropriation, and after the end of the end, so that it does not exist.” For after disconnection on the desire. “Have disengaged from the doubts”, doubts are called suspicion: doubt in bitterness... (medium) heart confusion. “Separated from doubt, forbent, quanned, departed, departed, freed, unbound, he dwelt with a restrained heart.” This is what has been disengaged from the suspicions. Or, “Separated from 32 species of animal theory, quashed, quashed, departed, departed, freed, unbound, and he lived with a restrained heart.” This has also been disengaged from suspicion.” To be disconnected from suspicion after the desire to be dismissed.
 “Day and night to see the end of thirsty love”: “thirsty love” as the color of thirst love... (medium) method thirst love. Night is known as the night, day and night, day and night watching, increasing looking, seeing, watching, watching, watching, watching, observing the extinction of thirst love, the extinction of greed, the extinction of defamation, the extinction of fun, The extinction of life, the extinction of some, the extinction of reincarnation, the extinction of rotation. For the day and night to see the end of thirsty love.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] Watch the ones that have nothing, read, and stop “no” after you get through the rim,
 After the desire to be dismissed from all doubts, day and night increased to see thirsty love extinction.
 40. [As such, His Holiness Ubossi:] Whosoever has gone away from greedy in all wills, and after those who have no owner abandon the others,
 Is he able to live there to be a discompanion who wants to be relied on and on the highest?
 “Whosoever has gone away from greedy in all desires”: “In all”, all completely, in every aspect, without any residue, the whole land, this is the words of all, for “in all.” “On the wills”, there are two kinds of desires from the praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (middle) these are called the wills of pollution. “Whosoever is away from greedy in all desires”: “Whosoever has gone away from greedy in all desires, and those who have forsaken it, and those who have forsaken it, and those who have dismissed it, and those who have been subdued.” For whosoever is away from corruption in all desires.
 “[His Holiness like this]”: “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence... (S) “His Holiness”, [this is] the word of love... “Ubossi”, the name of the Brahman... Name.” For [His Holiness like this, Ubersi].
 “After leaving no owner abandon the other”: “The lower six until he abandons, renounces, renounces forever, surpasses, overcomes, overcomes, becomes nothing to stop the person, the sticker, the entrant, The full entrant, the dyed, the person who put the heart toward.” After leaving no owner to abandon the other.
 “In there is a desire to be relied, on the highest”: “There are seven kinds of want to wait until, there is no place to be free for those who want to wait until the first, the most winning, the winning, the top, the top, the top , the top, the highest, the first, the most winning, the top, the top, the top, the top, the top, the top, the most, to the victory of the solution, the winner there, to the winner, the man of the character, and more It is the one who hears it, and those who target it, toward him who strives, tilt towards him, to him who overshaders, and increases to it. For the winner who wants to be relied on, on the highest.
 “Can he dwell there to be a non-accompanying person”: 'Can he dwell ', questioning of doubts, questions of confusion, doubts, and more than one question: 'Is it so? Is it not like that? What is it? How is it? For 'Can He Dwell? ' “There,” in nowhere.“Do not accompanied”, do not entourage, do not shake (Thailand version), do not leave, do not disappear, do not return. Or the one who is not infected, the undereachable, the fool, the unpolluted.” Is it possible for him to live there to be a non-accompanying person?
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[Like this, His Holiness Ubossi:] whosoever has gone away from all wills, and after the unowner has forsaken the others,
 Will he be able to dwell there to be a discompanion who wants to be relied on and above the highest?”
 41. [Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] Whosoever has gone away from corruption in all desires, and after the owner abandons the others,
 In the winner who wants to be relied and on the highest, he can dwell there to become a discompanion.
 “Whosoever has gone away from greedy in all desires”: “In all”, all completely, in every aspect, without any residue, the whole land, this is the words of all, for “in all.” “On the wills”, there are two kinds of desires from the praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the desires of things... (middle) these are called the wills of pollution. “Whosoever has gone away from greedy in all desires”: “Whosoever has deviated from all desires... He who has dismissed the corrupt and has been subdued.” For whosoever is away from corruption in all desires.
 “[Worldmark: 'Ubossi! ']” : ““Ubossi,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Ubossi!”]
 “After leaving no owner abandon the other”: “The lower six until he abandons, renounces, renounces forever, surpasses, overcomes, overcomes, becomes nothing to stop the person, the sticker, the entrant, The full entrant, the dyed, the person who put the heart toward.” After leaving no owner to abandon the other.
 “In there is a desire to be relied, on the highest”: “There are seven kinds of want to wait until, there is no place to be free for those who want to wait until the first, the most winning, the winning, the top, the top, the top , the top, the highest, the first, the most winning, the top, the top, the top, the top, the top, the top, the top, the most, the winner of the solution, the winner there, to the solver... Added to the person.” For the winner who wants to be relied on, on the highest.
 “He can dwell there and become unaccompanied”: “He can stand,” he can dwell 60,000. “There,” in nowhere. “Do not accompanied”, do not entourage, do not shake (Thailand version), do not leave, do not disappear, do not return. Or the one who is not infected, the undereachable, the fool, the unpolluted.” For he could dwell there to be no accompanying.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] Whosoever has gone away from corruption in all desires, and after the owner abandons the others,
 In the supreme who wants to be relied upon, he can dwell there to become a discompanion.
 42. [His Holiness Ubossi like this:] If he could stand there to be no entourage, even for years, all eyes!
 Where would he become a freer? Will the knowledge of people like that die?
 “If he can dwell there to be no accompanying”: “If he can dwell 60,000 robbers.” “There,” in nowhere. “Do not accompanied”, do not entourage, do not shake (Thailand version), do not leave, do not disappear, do not return. Or the one who is not infected, the undereachable, the fool, the unpolluted.” For he could dwell there to be no accompanying.
 “Even years, all eyes”: “Even years, even years,” many years; many centuries; many thousand years; many thousand years; many thousands of years; many robberies; many hundreds of robberies; many thousands of robberies; many thousands of robberies; many. “All eyes”, all eyes are called the state of wisdom of all knowledge... (medium) as it is for all eyes.” For even years, all eyes!
 “Where would he become cold as a freer? “The knowledge of those like that will die”: “'Where he is a refreshing arrider, is constant, solid, eternal, immutable, and will survive as everlasting? Or will his knowledge die, disappear, disappear, perish, and absent? “Will there be a sense of desire, or color, or no color?” He asked the constant and disruption of those who had entered nothing. Or is it that there will be no residual Nirvana Nirvana? Or, 'Will his knowledge die? Further knowledge will be born out of desire, or color, or no color? ' He asked everywhere regenerators like nirvana and birth. “Like those,” like those,Like that, the fixator, the kind, the similarity, the man who has nothing to regenerate.” For where he will get cold to become a freer? Will the knowledge of people like that die?
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[His Holiness Ubossi like this:] If he could dwell there to be no entourage, even for years, all eyes!
 Where would he become a freer? Will the knowledge of people like that die?”
 43. [Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] If the flame is thrown by wind, line to extinguish it does not come to name,
 Like this, Muni has been liberated from his name, and he does not come to the name.
 “As flames are thrown by wind”: “Flame is called light flame. “Wind”, the wind of the east, the wind of the west, the wind of the north, the wind of the south, the wind with dirt, dirt free wind, cold wind, hot wind, small wind, great wind, rapid wind, side wind, wind of Goldwingbird, Dora Wind of leaves, fan wind. “Thrown by the wind”, thrown, thrown, dispersed, strongly dispersed, hit, eliminated by wind.” For such as flames are thrown by wind.
 “[Worldmark: 'Ubossi! ']” : ““Ubossi,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Ubossi!”]
 “Line to extinguish it does not come to name”: ““line to extinguish”, line to extinguish, make go to extinguish, go to extinguish, be extinguished, calmed down, stop. “It does not come to the name,” name it does not come (it is difficult to be given a name), says it does not come, calculates it does not come, Anli does not come: 'Has come to the east, or has come to the west, or to the north, or has arrived The South, either above, below, or transverse, or to the middle of the Quartet.” It has no cause, no edge, no factor will fall (to) the name.” It does not come to the name for the line to kill.
 “Like this Muni has been freed from his name”: “Like this” is an analogical arrangement. “Muni”, Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he is Muni. “Has been liberated from the name”, the Muni was previously freed from the color, after crossing that part (Cambodia version), was cut off by the town. For that Muni, because of the existence, the four sacred path is obtained, the four sacred path has been obtained state, name and color have been known, to name and color has been known state has been dissociated from the name and color body, relief, good Unlexive, to do not perform exactly. ' For like this Muni has been liberated from the name.
 “Line to destroy him does not come to the name”: “Line to destroy”, with no residual nirvana nirvana. “He does not come to the name,” he does not come by the name of the Nirvana without remnants of Nirvana, He does not come (he is difficult to be given a name), says that he does not come, counting he does not come, Anli does not come: 'Chatri' Brahmen, or “Bisha,” or “Sudala”, or “those who are at home,” or “angels”, or “people”, or “colourless”, or “thinks”, or “unwanna” “or 'neither thinks nor unwittants'. He has no reason, no edge, no factor will fall (to) the name.” For the line to extinguish him does not come to name.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] If the flame is thrown by wind, line to extinguish it does not come to name,
 Like this, Muni has been liberated from his name, and he does not come to the name.”
 44. Has he reached extinction or he does not exist, or is he constantly sick?
 Please Muni explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower of these laws.
 “He has reached extinction or he does not exist”: “He has reached extinction or does not exist, he has been destroyed, destroyed, and destroyed.” For him has reached extinction or he does not exist.
 “Still eternal as sick”: “Still constant, solid, eternal, immutable, will survive as constant constant.” For the person who is not sick or constant.
 “Let Moni explain this thoroughly for me”: “That, whosoever I ask; whosoever I beg; whosoever I ask, and whosoever makes me clear. “Muni”, Mune is called wisdom, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he is Muni. “Thorough explanation”, please explain [that] thoroughly; please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain. To ask Muni to explain it thoroughly for me.
 “For like this you are the know of these laws”: “For like this you are the knower of these laws,The measure, the judge, the clear, the clear.” Because like this you are the know of these laws.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “Has he reached extinction or he does not exist, or is he not sick?
 Please Muni explain this thoroughly for me, because like this you are the knower of these laws.”
 45. [Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] to measure non-existence for those who have reached the extinction, by what can say that he does not exist for him,
 When all laws have been eradicated, all language paths are also eradicated.
 “For those who have reached extinction does not exist”: “For those who have reached the extinction; for those who have no residue Nirvana Nirvana, the measure of color does not exist, the measure of the subject does not exist, the desired measure does not exist, the line The measure does not exist, the measure of knowledge does not exist; it does not exist, does not exist, not known, not found, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, burned by wisdom fire.” No measure exists for those who have reached extinction.
 “[Worldmark: 'Ubossi! ']” : ““Ubossi,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Ubossi!”]
 “In what can say that he does not exist to him”: “by what kind of greed can say him; by what can say him; by what kind of stupid can say him; by what slow can say him; by what can say him; by what can say him; Those who can say him; what doubts can say him; and by what potential trend of troubles can say him, become “dyed,” or “disgusting,” or “foolish”, or “bondage”, or “followers”, or “comers” The scattered, or 'come to the unconsented', or 'come to the fortitude? ' The creations have been cut off, and the creations have been cut off. What fun will he fighters, become “Hell,” or “Fallen Beasts,” or “Hungry Ghost,” or “Man”, or “Heaven”, or A colourless person, or a “colorless” or “thinker”, or “unwittless”, or “neither thinkable nor unwittless”? He has no reason, no fate, nor a factor to speak, to tell, speak, explain, and speak. To what can say that he does not exist for him.
 “When all the law has been eradicated”: “In all law, in all wounds, in all circles, in all circles, in all things, in all things, in all life, in all birth, in all there, in all reincarnation, in all turns When pulling, when eradicated, when unplugged, when fully unplugged, when pulled out, when pulled out, disconnected, when disconnected, calmed down, stopped, when unable to start, had been burned by intelligence fire. For when all laws have been eradicated.
 “All language paths are also eradicated”: “The language path is called the pollution and the creation of the people. For him, language, language, name (added words), name saying, language, verbal channel, Anrik, Anrik, Anitte has been pulled, eradicated, unplugged, fully unplugged, pulled, pulled out, disconnected, Disconnected, calmed down, stopped, could not be born, has been burned by wisdom fire. All language paths are also eradicated.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldworld: “Ubossi!”] to measure non-existence for those who have reached the extinction, by what can say that he does not exist for him,
 When all laws have been eradicated, all words are also eradicated.”
 At the end of the Ode, those with Brahmen... (Carid) salute the worldship with their connotations, and sit down: “Great Deed! Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”
 The sixth statement asked by Ubossi student Brahmen [Completed].


Excerpt:
 1. on the basis of the definition of nothing (Ni.31) certificate of relief: no (knowledge or not to exist), in the sense of the birth of the heart, it is a constant bitterness... (= Bisherna = Hui), out of doubt, Day and night on watching thirsty love extinct through the rim.
 2. freer such as the flame thrown by wind, line to extinguish it does not come to the name, for him measure does not exist, because in all the law has been eradicated all language is also eradicated.
 10/17/2020 16:24