7. Explanations asked by Nanda student Brahmin

46. [Venerable Nanda like this:] There are various Muni in the world, why do
    people say that?

Do they say that Muni is a man of wisdom? Or the one who has enough life?

"There are all Muni in the world": ""Existence", exists, is known, has, and is
discovered. "In the world", in the world of the suffering world... (in the
world) in the world. "Zu Muni", name The evil Ming Wai Dao, Niqantuo, the
knotter, and the ascetics called Muni." It means that there are all Muni in the
world.

"[Like this Venerable Nanda]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence...
(abbreviated) "Venerable", [this is] love language... (abbreviated) "Nanda", the
Brahman's The name... (abbreviated) is called." It is [Venerable Nanda like
this].

"Why do people say this?": "The "people" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra,
Layman, Monk, Heaven, and People. "(They) say", they tell, talk, explain,
Speaking. "Why is this?", the question of doubt, the question of confusion, the
question of doubt, and the question of more than one question. This is a
rhetorical question, a question irony, why on earth, why on earth?" Why do
people say this?

"Do they say that Muni is a person of wisdom?": "They say, tell, talk, explain,
say that Muni has, fully possessed, reached, fully reached, possessed, fully
possessed, possessed the eight levels of wisdom, or the five magical powers
Wisdom." Why do they say that Muni is a wise man?

"They still have enough to survive": "Or do they say, tell, talk, explain, and
say that Muni has, fully possessed, reached, fully reached, possessed, fully
possessed, possessed all kinds of things, all kinds of extremes, the first
difficulty, bad A filthy life." Is it a person who has enough life?

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Nanda like this:] There are Muni in the world, why do people say
that?

Do they say that Muni is a man of wisdom? Or the one who has enough life? "

47. It's not to see, not to hear, not to know, it's hard to do! The skillful
    people here say Muni,

Those who live a life without suffering or desire after leaving the legion, I
call them "Muni".

"Not by seeing, not by hearing, not by wisdom": ""Not by seeing", not by seeing
pure. "Not by hearing", not by being pure by hearing. "Not by wisdom", not by
eighth The ultimate wisdom is not based on the five gods, nor is it based on the
evil wisdom."

"Nanda! Here the skillful people say Muni": "'The skillful ones," those who have
skillful ones, those skilled in the realm, those who are skillful, those who are
dependent on the skill, those who mindful of the skillful, the diligent Skilled
people, skillful people of supernatural power, skilled people of root, skillful
people of strength, skillful people of consciousness, skillful people of Taoism,
skillful people of fruit, skillful people of Nibbana, they don't talk, don't
tell, don't talk , Does not indicate, does not say that Muni has, fully
possessed, arrived, fully arrived, fully possessed, possessed, see purity, or
heard purity, or eight-level wisdom, or five gods, or evil wisdom, or see, Or
what you hear, or wisdom." For Nanda! The skillful people here say Muni.

"Those who leave the legion to live a life (walk) without distress or desire, I
say they are "Muni"": The legion is called the demon army, which acts as a demon
army with body and evil; acts as a demon army with speech and evil; Behaviour
demon army; greedy as demon army; hatred as demon army; infatuation as demon
army; anger... (slightly) resentment... hiding evil... bossy... envy...
stingy... false deceit... cunning... stubborn... ...Passion...slow...extremely
slow...slow...slow...all pollution...all evils...all troubles...all heat...all
heat...all bad works as a magic army. This was said by the Lord: [Sn.3.2, verse
438-441]

"Desire is your first legion, unhappy is called second,

Hunger and thirst are your third, and thirst is called fourth.

Deep sleep is your fifth, fear is said to be sixth,

Doubt is your seventh, and stubbornness is your eighth.

has a respectful reputation, and the reputation gained by mistakes,

Who would praise oneself and contempt others.

Devil! This is your legion, evil (black) attacker,

Those who have no courage will not defeat him, and they will get peace after
victory. "

When all the demon army and all the hostile pollution are conquered, defeated,
destroyed, disintegrated, and turned away by the Four Holy Paths, because then
they are called after leaving the army. "No worries", greed is distressed; anger
is distressed; ignorance is distressed; anger is distressed; resentment is
distressed... (omitted) All unwholesome pretentiousness is distressed, and for
them these distresses areThose who give up, are cut off, are calmed down, are
halted, cannot arise, and are burned by the fire of wisdom, they are called
those who have no distress. "Desireless": Desire is called craving, which is the
root of greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed,
unwholesomeness. For them, those whose desire and craving are cut off, cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom, they
are called those who have no desire, Arahats, and those who have exhausted their
troubles. "Those who leave the army without suffering and wishing to live (go),
I call them "Muni"": "Those who leave the army without suffering and wish to
live (go), live, Acting, turning, guarding, making survival, making survival, I
say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I
explain. They are the Muni in the world. "For those who leave the legion to live
a life without suffering or desire, I call them "Muni."

Because of that, the Lord said:

"It’s not to see, not to hear, not to know, Nanda! The skillful people here say
Muni,

Those who live a life without suffering and desire after leaving the army, I
call them "Muni". 』

48. [Venerable Nanda like this:] Any of these sandmen and brahmins, they say
    that there is purity in seeing and hearing,

also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,

World Lord! Are those who self-control there to survive birth and aging?

Dear Sir! Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"Any of these Shamen and Brahmans": ""Anything", all completely, every aspect
completely, no remaining land, and the whole earth. This is the word used all
over, which is "anything". "Saman", everything Anyone who walks into the parade
from here, enters the parade. "Brahman", anyone who calls others a friend." Any
of these sandmen and brahmins.

"[Like this Venerable Nanda]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence...
(abbreviated) "Venerable", [this is] love language... (abbreviated) "Nanda", the
Brahman's The name... (abbreviated) is called." It is [Venerable Nanda like
this].

"They say that there is purity in seeing and what they hear": "They say, tell,
talk, explain, speak, and see that there is purity, purity, and purity;
separation, liberation, and separation; they also speak, speak, talk, Explain
and speak for what is heard is pure, pure, and all-free; separation, liberation,
and all-free; they speak, tell, talk, explain, and speak to see and hear are
pure, pure and all-free; separate, liberate, and all Departure.” It is said that
there is purity in seeing and hearing.

"It is also said that there is purity in taking precepts and prohibitions":
"They say, tell, talk, explain, say that taking precepts is pure, pure, and
pure; to be free, liberated, and free; they also say, tell, talk, and explain ,
Speaking with prohibition is pure, pure, and all-free; separation, liberation,
and all-free; they speak, tell, talk, explain, and speak that there is purity,
purity, and all-free with prohibition and prohibition; separation, liberation,
and all-free." It is said for them that there is purity in precept and
prohibition.

"Say that all forms are pure": "They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak that
all kinds of aura are pure, pure, and all-free; free, liberated, all-free." .

"My Lord! Are those who are self-controlling there?": ""Whether...?", "Question
of doubt, question of confusion, question of doubt, more than one question, such
as rhetorical question, question irony, why, in the end Why?" Is it.... "Those"
are those who have evil views. "World Honored One", "This is a synonymous with
respect... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testifies, that is, World Honored
One. It's "the self-controlling walker there", "there", in their own views,
their likes, their hobbies, their opinions. "self-made", prudent, cautious,
guardian, and protective , Guardian, Protective. "Walker", walker, dweller,
actor, turner, guardian, survivor, and survivor. "For the Lord! Are those who
are self-controlling there.

"How about birth and aging? Dear sir": "Birth, aging, and death they pass,
surpass, pass, pass, and overcome. "Dear Sir", this is love, honor, respect, and
obedient The synonymous word is dear sir." To survive birth and aging, dear sir!

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ""I ask you", I ask you; I beg you; I
ask you [; You make me clear]; "Please tell me," ask you for me .『World
Zun』……(Omitted) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, "World Honored One".
"Please tell me this", please say, please explain, please teach, please inform,
please build, please uncover, please analyze, please clarify, please explain.
"For the Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Nanda like this:] Any of these Shamen and Brahmins, they say that
there is purity in seeing and hearing,

also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,

World Lord! Are those who self-control there to survive birth and aging?

Dear Sir! Lord, I ask you, please tell me this. "

49. [World Zun: "Nanda!"] Any of these sandmen and brahmins, they say that
    seeing and hearing are pure,

also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,

Even those who are self-controlling there, I say they have not lived through
birth and aging.

"Any of these Shamen and Brahmans": ""Anything", all completely, every aspect
completely, no remaining land, and the whole earth. This is the word used all
over, which is "anything". "Saman", everything Anyone who walks into the parade
from here, enters the parade. "Brahman", anyone who calls others a friend." Any
of these sandmen and brahmins.

"[World Zun: "Nanda!"]: ""Nanda", the Blessed One calls that Brahmin by his
name. "World Zun", this is a synonymous with respect... "." is [World Zun:
"Nanda!"].

"They say that there is purity in seeing and what they hear": "They say, tell,
talk, explain, and speak to see that there is purity, purity, and purity;
detachment, liberation, detachment... (omitted) they say, tell, Talking,
explaining, speaking, seeing and hearing are pure, pure, pure; detachment,
liberation, and detachment." For them, seeing and hearing are pure.

"It is also said that there is purity in taking precepts and prohibitions":
"They say, tell, talk, explain, and say that taking precepts is pure, pure, and
pure all over... (omitted) They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak to precepts
There is purity, purity, and all-freeness with prohibition; separation,
liberation, all-freeness." For them, there is purity in virtue of morality and
prohibition.

"Say that all forms are pure": "They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak that
all kinds of aura are pure, pure, and all-free; free, liberated, all-free." .

"Even those who are self-controlling there": ""Even though", the continuation of
sentences; the link of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination
of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is
"even". For the evil view. "There", in one's own view, one's likes, one's
hobbies, one's own opinions.'self-made', cautious, cautious, guardian,
protective, guardian, protective "Walker", walker, dweller, actor, turner,
guardian, survivor, and survivor." For those who have self-control there.

"I said they did not survive birth and aging": "Birth, aging, death, they did
not survive, did not surpass, did not pass, did not cross, did not overcome,
birth, aging, death will not be separated, will not be left, do not Being
traversed, not crossed, and not overcome, they turn in birth, aging, and death,
they turn in the cycle of rebirth, accompanied by birth, followed by old age,
conquered by disease, tormented by death, and have no shelter or refuge I say, I
explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain.
"For me, they never survived birth or aging.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Nanda!"] Any of these sandmen and brahmins, they say that there is
purity in seeing and hearing,

also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,

Even those who are self-controlling there, I say that they have not lived
through birth and aging. "

50. [Venerable Nanda like this:] Any of these sandmen and brahmins, they say
    that there is purity in seeing and hearing,

also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,

Muni! If you say that they have not passed the waterfall, then who is in the
world of heaven and man,

Dear Sir! To survive birth and aging? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this.

"Any of these Shamen and Brahmans": ""Anything", all completely, every aspect
completely, no remaining land, and the whole earth. This is the word used all
over, which is "anything". "Saman", everything Any from hereThose who walk into
the parade, enter the parade. "Brahmin", anyone who calls others a friend. "For
all these Shamen and Brahmins.

"[Like this Venerable Nanda]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence...
(abbreviated) "Venerable", [this is] love language... (abbreviated) "Nanda", the
Brahman's The name... (abbreviated) is called." It is [Venerable Nanda like
this].

"They say that there is purity in seeing and what they hear": "They say, tell,
talk, explain, and speak to see that there is purity, purity, and purity;
detachment, liberation, detachment... (omitted) they say, tell, Talking,
explaining, speaking, seeing and hearing are pure, pure, pure; detachment,
liberation, and detachment." For them, seeing and hearing are pure.

"It is also said that there is purity in taking precepts and prohibitions":
"They say, tell, talk, explain, and say that taking precepts is pure, pure, and
pure all over... (omitted) They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak to precepts
There is purity, purity, and all-freeness with prohibition; separation,
liberation, all-freeness." For them, there is purity in virtue of morality and
prohibition.

"Say that all forms are pure": "They say, tell, talk, explain, and speak that
all kinds of aura are pure, pure, and all-free; free, liberated, all-free." .

"Muni! If you say that they haven't survived the waterfall": "If they're a
wicked person. "Muni", Mou is called Chi... "You said you did not pass the
waterfall", the torrent of desire, some torrents, the torrent of seeing, the
torrent of ignorance are not passed, crossed, crossed, not overcome, they are
born , Aging, and turning within death. They turn on the cycle of rebirth,
accompanied by birth, followed by old, conquered by disease, tormented by death,
as people without shelter, refuge, refuge, and refuge. "You said" , You say, you
explain, you teach, you tell, you build, you uncover, you analyze, you clarify,
you explain." For Muni! If you say they did not pass the waterfall.

"In that case, who is in the world of heaven and man, through birth and aging,
dear sir": "And who is in this world including heaven, demons, and Brahman;
including the generations of Shamon, Brahman, heaven and man, Birth, aging, and
death he has passed, surpassed, passed, passed, and overcome. "Dear Sir", this
is a synonym of love, respect, respect, and obedience for dear sir." Who is
there for such and such a thing? Through birth and aging in the world of heaven
and man, dear sir!

"Master, I ask you, please tell me this": ""I ask you", I ask you; I beg you; I
ask you; you make me clear [...]. "World Honored", a synonym for respect...
…Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that is, "World Honored." "Please tell me
this", please tell me, please explain, please teach, please inform, please
establish, please uncover, please analyze, Please clarify, please clarify." I
ask you for the Lord, please tell me this.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Nanda like this:] Any of these Shamen and Brahmins, they say that
there is purity in seeing and hearing,

also said that there is purity in virtue of precept and prohibition, and that
all kinds of forms are pure,

Muni! If you say that they have not passed the waterfall, then who is in the
world of heaven and man,

Dear Sir! To survive birth and aging? Lord, I ask you, please tell me this. "

51. [World Zun: "Nanda!"] I don’t say "all the sandmen and brahmins are covered
    by birth and aging",

Anything you see or hear or feel here, or even the precepts and prohibitions are
all abandoned,

After        all kinds of forms are also cut off, the omniscience of the
trouble-free people after thirsty and love, I said, "Those people have indeed
survived the storm.

"[World Venerable: "Nanda!"] I don’t say, "All sandmen and brahmins are covered
by birth and aging"": "Nanda! I don’t say, "All Shamen and Brahmins are hindered
by birth and aging (block ), enveloping, obstructing, closing (covering),
hiding, enveloping", I say, I explain, I teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I
analyze, I clarify, I explain "There are those For them, Shamen and Brahmins,
birth, senescence and death have been cut off, and their roots have been cut
off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, immortal things
for the future"." !"] I don’t say that "all Shamen and Brahmins are covered by
birth and aging."

"Anything seen or heard here, or even precepts and prohibitions are all
abandoned": "Anything you see is pure after abandoning, after abandoning, after
abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing, after making it go to
non-existence ；All things heard are pure after giving up... (omitted) After all
feelings are pure after giving up... After all things seen, heard and perceived
are pure after giving up... After all abstinence is pure after giving up...
After all prohibition is pure after giving up... All the precepts and
prohibitions are purely abandoned, after abandoning, after abandoning, after
being driven away, after finishing, and making them go beyond existence. "After
all the things you see or hear here, or even the precepts and prohibitions, have
been abandoned.

"All kinds of forms are all abandoned": "With all kinds of auras, there is
purity, purity, and purity; detachment, liberation, detachment, after
renunciation, after renunciation, after renunciation, after exorcism, after
finishing, and making it After going to non-existence." After all kinds of
things are cut off.

"Those who are omniscient and thirsty and have no troubles, I said, "Those
people have indeed survived the storm"": "The thirst for color, the thirst for
sound, the thirst for smell, the thirst for taste, The thirst of the touch, the
thirst of the law. "After the omniscience and thirst for love", there are three
kinds of omniscience and omniscience after the thirst for love: knowing
omniscience, measuring omniscience, and giving up omniscience. What is knowing
and omniscience? "Knowing the craving: this is the craving for sex, this is the
craving for sound, this is the craving for smell, this is the craving for taste,
this is the craving for touch, this is the craving for Dhamma.” He Knowing,
seeing, this is knowing and omniscience.

What is measuring omniscience? After doing this known, eager for him to measure
impermanence, suffering, sickness... (omitted) He makes the measure of
renunciation, which is the measure of omniscience.

What is renunciation and omniscience? After weighing in this way, eagerly love
him to abandon, drive away, make the end, and make him go to non-existence. This
was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! All the desires and greed about craving must be
cut off. In this way, that craving will be cut off, and the roots will be cut
off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent for the future
[SN. 22.25]. This is renunciation and omniscience. "After omniscience, thirst
and love", with these three kinds of omniscience, omniscience and thirst for
love. There are four kinds of worries in the "worry-free person": worries of
desire, worries of some, worries of seeing, worries of ignorance. For them,
these troubles have been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a
palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent, immortal for the future. They
are called trouble-free people, arhats, and those with exhausted troubles. , For
the trouble-free person after omniscience and thirst.

"I said "Those people have indeed survived the storm"": Those who have no
troubles after omniscience and thirst, I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I
build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explained that "the violent currents
they desire have passed; some violent currents have been surpassed; the violent
currents they have seen have been surpassed; the ignorant violent currents have
been passed; all the circuits have been passed, have come out, have passed, Have
passed, have passed, have overcome". For the trouble-free people after
omniscience and thirst for love, I said, "Those people have indeed survived the
storm."

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Nanda!"] I don’t say, "All Shamen and Brahmins are covered by
birth and aging."

Anything you see or hear or feel here, or even the precepts and prohibitions are
all abandoned,

After        all kinds of forms have been cut off, the omniscience of the
trouble-free people after thirsting for love, I said, "Those people have indeed
survived the storm." "

52. I am very happy with Daxian’s words, which is good at telling: Gautam is a
    non-dependent author,

Anything you see or hear or feel here, or even the precepts and prohibitions are
all abandoned,

After all kinds of forms have been cut off, the omniscience of those who have no
troubles after thirsty and love, I also say "they survive the storm."

"I rejoice in the words of Daxian": ""This", your words, language, teaching,
teaching, admonition. "I rejoice", I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I
Use it" [, I beg], I hope, I hope, I pray. "Daxian", why is the Lord the Great
Immortal? "The seeker, pursuer, and seeker of the Great Precepts" is a great
immortal... (Omitted) Where is the bull king among people? "Is a great immortal.
"I am so happy over Daxian's words.

"Speaking well: Gautam is a non-dependent author": ""Speaking well", telling [,
interpreting], explaining, teaching, informing, establishing, revealing Open,
analytic, clarifying, and explanatory. "Geotama is a non-author", and reliance
is called the pollution and the aggregates and the creations. The abandonment of
reliance, the death of reliance , Suspension of adherence, cessation of
adherence, immortality, Nibbana." Telling for the good: Gautam is a
non-dependent author.

"Anything seen or heard or felt here, or even precepts and prohibitions are all
abandoned": "Anything you see is pure after abandoning, after abandoning, after
abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing, after making it go to
non-existence ; After all that everything you hear is pure... (omitted) After
all that you feel is pure... After all that you see, hear, and feel is
pure......After all the precepts are purely abandoned...all the prohibitions are
purely abandoned...all the precepts and the prohibitions are purely abandoned,
after abandoning, after abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing,
and making them go to non-existence. "After all the things you see or hear here,
or even the precepts and prohibitions, have been abandoned.

"All kinds of forms are all abandoned": "With all kinds of auras, there is
purity, purity, and purity; detachment, liberation, detachment, after
renunciation, after renunciation, after renunciation, after exorcism, after
finishing, and making it After going to non-existence." After all kinds of
things are cut off.

"All the trouble-free people after omniscience and thirst, I also say "they
cross the storm"": thirst for color, thirst for sound, thirst for smell, thirst
for taste, touch The thirst for love, the thirst for Dhamma. "After omniscience
and thirst for love", there are three kinds of omniscience and omniscience after
thirsty and love: knowing and omniscience, measuring omniscience, and giving up
omniscience. What is known and omniscience? "Knowing the craving: this is the
craving of sex, this is the craving of sound, this is the craving of smell, this
is the craving of taste, this is the craving of touch, this is the craving of
Dhamma.” He Knowing, seeing, this is knowing and omniscience.

What is measuring omniscience? After doing this, I eagerly love him to measure
impermanence, suffering, disease, tumor, arrow, curse, disease, other side,
corruption, disaster, evil, terror, disaster , Mobile, perishable, unstable, no
refuge, no refuge, no refuge, no refuge, abandoned, hypocritical, empty,
selfless, trouble, changeable law, false The root of misfortune, the killer, the
nothing, the troubled, the promising, the magic food (bait), the law of life,
the old law, the law of disease, the law of death, the law of sorrow, despair,
and the law of pollution. The measurement is gathering, extinction, pleasure,
trouble, and separation. This is the measurement of omniscience.

What is renunciation and omniscience? After measuring in this way, eager to give
up, drive away from him, make the end, and make him go to non-existence.

"After omniscience, thirsty and love", with these three kinds of omniscience,
omniscience, thirsty and love. There are four kinds of worries in the
"worry-free person": worries of desire, worries of some, worries of seeing,
worries of ignorance. For them, these troubles have been cut off, and the roots
have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent,
immortal for the future. They are called trouble-free people, arhats, and those
with exhausted troubles. , For the trouble-free person after omniscience and
thirst. "Those who are omniscient and thirsty and have no troubles, I also say
"they have crossed the storm.": For those who are omniscient and thirsty and
have no troubles, I also say, "the storm of their desire has passed; some
violent The current has passed; the storm of seeing has been passed; the storm
of ignorance has been passed; all circuits have been passed, come out, passed,
passed, passed, overcome". For the trouble-free people after omniscience and
thirst for love, I also say "they survive the storm."

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"I am very happy with Daxian's words, good to tell: Gautam is a non-dependent
author,      Nanda student Brahmin asked the seventh [completed].





Summary:

It is not to obtain liberation by seeing, hearing, precepts and prohibition of
purity and wisdom (the eight levels of wisdom and the five divine powers of
wisdom), but to give up all kinds of forms, omniscience, thirst and love.

10/21/2020 06:25


