This is said by the Worldmen, "The And whosoever is
about the desires and greed of thirst love shall be cut off, so that the thirst
love shall be cut off, and the root shall be cut off, like a palm tree without
roots, for the future [SN.22.25]. This is cut off all over. "Known after thirsty
love", after all three known thirsty love. "No annoyance", there are four kinds
of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, the
unclear troubles. For them, these troubles have been cut off, the roots have
been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become inhabited for the future, they are
called no worries, Arrohan, the troubles have been exhausted, for all know that
thirsty love After the trouble-free person.

"I say, "Those who do live through the storm": I say, I explain, I teach, I
tell, I build, I unveil, I interpret, I interpret, I explain, I explain, I say,
"The violence they want The flow has passed; some of the riots have passed; the
torrents of see have passed; the unclear rim has passed; all the circuits have
passed, have come out, have crossed, crossed, crossed, overcome." To know the
trouble-free people after thirsty love, I say, "Those people do survive the
storm."

52. I rejoice in the words of Great Immortal, which speaks well: Qiao Tamo is a man who
    has no authority,

Whosoever is seen or heard here, or even after all the forbidden and forbidden
have been discontinued,

All kinds are also cut off, I know that after thirsty love without troubles, I
also said, "They spend the storm."

"I rejoice the words of Daisin": "This, your words, your way, teaching,
admonition, admonition. "I rejoice," I rejoice; I rejoice; I rejoice; I want, I
take" [, I beg], I hope, I pray, I pray. "Tai Sin", why is Worldplace Tai Sin?
"Seeker, Seeker, Seeker, Seeker" is Daisin... Where is the cow king among the
people?" For Tai Sin. I rejoice the words of Great Immortal.

"The Good Testier: Jo Tamo is the Unfounded": ""The good to tell, the good to
tell, the good to preach, the good teaching, the good to know, the good built,
the good unveiled, the good interpreting, the good interpreting, good
Explanation, good explanations. "Jo Tamo is the unfit", according to what is
known as the pollution and the creation of the creations. According to the
break, the silence according to the death, according to the conception,
according to the stop, immortality, Nibbana. To be told for good: Jo Tamo is the
unbearable.

"Whosoever has seen or heard here, or even forbidden has been discarded": "After
all that has been seen and discarded, after forsakening, after abandonment,
after deportation, ending, and making it to abstain; all After the heard of pure
disconnection... (medium) where everything felt pure after disconnection...
after everything seen and heard of pure disconnection...... after all forbidden
pure disconnection... after all forbidden pure disconnection... after all
abstentions and forbidden pure discarded, forsaken, after abandonment, after
deportation, after ending, and making them to absent." For whomever is seen or
heard here, or even forbidden, have been discontinued.

"All kinds of shapes are also cut off": "With all kinds of Swiss phase has pure,
clean, all pure; detachment, release, after disengagement, discard, after
abandonment, after abandonment, after removal, after the end, make it to Does
not exist after." For all kinds of colors are also cut off.

"Knowing the untroubled people after thirsty love, I also say, "They spend the
blast": "thirsty love" for the color of thirst love, the voice of thirst love,
the smell of thirst love, the thirst of taste, the thirst of the law. "Known
after thirst love", after three known thirst love: known, measured,
disconnected. What is known? "Knowing thirst love: this is the thirst love of
color; this is the thirst love of the voice, this is the thirst love of the
smell, this is the thirst love of taste; this is the thirst love of the law." He
knew and saw it, and it was known.

What is Measurement Known? For such knowledge, the thirst of love for him is
constant, bitter, sick, tumor, arrow, woe, sickness, on the other side, the
spoilt, calamity, evil, evil, terror, evil, evil, the moving, easy Bad, unsolid,
no refuge, no refuge, no return, no return, no return, reluctant, hypocritical,
empty, no mine, oversuffering, mutuous, false, unfortunate root, murderer, none,
there Trouble, promising, magic food (bait), life law, old law, disease law,
death, grief despair law, pollution law, he makes it measure is set up, extinct,
fun, overkill, too sick, out, this is a measure of all known.

What is disconnection? And after this measure, thirst loved him to be cut off,
dispel, and put an end to it, and that it came to nonexistent.

"Known after thirsty love", after the three known thirst love. "No annoyance",
there are four kinds of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, see
troubles, unclear troubles. For them, these troubles have been cut off, the
roots have been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become inhabited for the
future, they are called no worries, Arrohan, the troubles have been exhausted,
for all know that thirsty love After the trouble-free person. "Knowing that
those who have no worries after their thirst, I also say, 'They have passed
through the blast, '" I also say, 'The riot of their desire has passed; some of
them have passed; and the riot of seeing has passed; The riot of unknown has
passed; all the circuits have passed, come out, have crossed, crossed, crossed,
and overcome." To know the worry-free people after thirsty love, I also say,
"They survive the storm."

Because then, the Brahman said:

"I rejoice in the words of Daisin, which is telling: Joe Tamo is the unfit, and
the statement asked by Brahman of the intua student seventh [completed].





Excerpt:

Not to see, smell, quit and forbidden purification, wisdom (eight to wisdom and
five gods) are freed, but rather cut off all kinds, all know thirst love.

10/21/2020 06:25

