8. Statement asked by the Black Margar student Brahmen

53. [His Holiness Hermagh, His Holiness:] Whosoever they told me before before
    the commandments of Jotamob,

Like this, it was, like this, it would be, it was all rumors,

That was all theoretical enlargment, and I had no great joy there.

“Whosoever they told me before”: “Van Baval Librahmen and all other his apries,
they explain, explain, teach, tell, build, uncover, interpret, interpret,
clarify, explain their own opinions and their own Likes, their hobbies, their
own claims, their intentions, their own intentions.” For whoever before they
told me.

“[His Holiness like this]”: “Like this, the continuation of the sentence... This
is the second sentence, “Like this.” “His Holiness,” “This is the word of
love... (medium). “Black Margar,” the name of the Brahman's name... For [Aydas,
His Holiness like this].

“Before the commandments of Chothamob”: “Before the commandments of Chothamob,
on the other side of the commandments of Chotamour, before the commandments of
Chotamob; in the teachings of the Buddha, the victors', and the bounds of the
come , the first of the ring of Alohan. To be before the commandments of Joamo

“Like this, it was, and like this it would be”: “Legend that is so, the legend
that will be so.” For like so that once was、Like so that would be。

“That's all rumors”: “It's all rumors, winds, inheritance, the teachings of the
Tibetan, logical inference, reasoning, because of theoretical thinking, because
of contemplation accepted opinions, they tell not to be personally known, not
The law of self-proofing.” For that is all rumors.

“All that is the growth of theories”: “It is all the growth of theories, the
increase of the search, the increase of thought, the increase of the desire, the
increase in the evil search, the increase of the evil search, the increase of
the kiss, the increase in the search of the land, The increase in the undead
search, the increase in the search associated with compassion, the increase in
the search associated with the reputation of recklessly honoring, and the
increase in search related to not being contempt.” For that is all theoretical
enlargment.

“I have no great joy there”: “There I have no great joy, I have not received,
not certified, not obtained.” There was no great joy for me.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“[Hermagh, His Holiness, His Holiness:] whosoever they told me before before the
commandments of Jotamob

Like this, it was, like this, it would be, it was all rumors,

That was all theoretical enlargment, and I had no great joy there.”

54. Tell me: Destruction of thirsty love, Muni!

Whosoever knows after the mind of the walker, can live through the love of the
world.

“Tell me,” “You,” he says Worldworld. “Preach”, “Law”, the beginning is good,
the middle is good, the end is good; meaning is correct, the words are correct;
only complete, clean Van Rong: four, four positive, four gods, five, five
forces, seven 、Eight sacred roads, Nibbana and the guiding Nibbana, please
declare, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please
uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain.” To ask
you to speak for me.

“Destruction of thirsty love, Muni”: “thirsty love” as the color of thirsty
love... (cr.) “Destruction of thirst love”, thirsty love, thirst love calm,
thirst love stop, undead, Nibbana. “Muni”, Munna is known as Wisdom... He is
Mune after he is beyond the dyed net.” For the destruction of thirsty love,
Muni!

“All walkers who know after the knowledge, after measurement, after judgment,
after division, after the clear: 'All lines are indefinate' after the known,
measured, judged, after separation, after figuring out; All works are bitter”...
(medium) “All laws are without me”... (cl.) “Any method is extinguished” after
the known, measured, judged, after separation, and after figuring out. “Mindful”
is mindful in four ways: when practicing in the body is mindful... (middle) he
is called the mindful. “Passer”, when you go, live, act, turn up, guard, make
survival, make survival. For whosoever knows after the mindful walker.

“Can live through the world of love”: “love” is called thirsty love, that is
greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. “Love”, what is
love? ... (medium) is enlarged obsession” for love. “In the world”, in the
worlds of bitterness, in the world of mankind, in heaven, in the worlds of the
world, in the world of worlds, in the world. “Can live through the love of the
world”:He can spend in that loving world, or in the world where he loves [Ni.1],
he can spend, transcend, pass, overcome.” To be able to spend love in the world.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“Say to me: Destruction of thirsty love, Muni!

“Whosoever knows after the mindful walker can live through the love of the
world.”

55. here in what you see, smell, feel, know, in the lovely look, black magg!

Deportation of desire, greedy, for the Nibbana, not dead.

“Here it is seen, heard, perceived, and seen”: “Seeing” is seen by the eyes.
“What's heard”, heard by the ears. “Feel”, sniffed by the nose, taste by the
tongue, and touched by the body. “Known”, be aware.” For what you see, smell,
feel, and know here.

“In a lovely look, black margar”: “What is cute and agreeable in the world? Eyes
are cute in the world, agreeable look; the ear is in the world... (medium) nose
is in the world... tongue is in the world... body is in the world... meaning the
lovely look, the consensual look in the world; color is in the world Cute look,
consensual look; sound is in the world... smell is in the world... taste is in
the world... touching is in the world... all the way is cute in the world,
consensual look; eyes are cute in the world , consensual look; ear sense is cute
in the world, consensus look; nose sense is in the world... Tongue is in the
world... Awareness is in the world... Consciousness is a lovely look in the
world, agreeable look; eye touch is in the world Lovely look, agreeable look;
Ear touch is in the world... Nose touch is in the world... Tongue touch is in
the world... Touch is in the world... The touch is a lovely look in the world,
consensual look; the eye touch is born in the world Cute look, consensual look;
ear touch by... nasal touch... tongue touches born by... Touch is born in the
world of lovely look, consensual look; color is in the world... voice want It is
in the world... smell wants to be in the world... the taste wants to be in the
world... the idea is a lovely look in the world, consensual look; Si is in the
world... the voice is in the world... smells Thinking is in the world... Taste
is in the world... the touch is in the world... Pharth is a lovely look in the
world, the love of color is in the world... the thirst of the voice is the
thirst in the world... In the world... the thirst of taste is in the world...
The thirst of love is in the world... The thirst love of law is a lovely look in
the world; color search is in the world... the sound is found in the world...
smell is the world In... Taste search is in the world... The search is in the
world... Finding is a lovely look, consensual look in the world; color servo is
a lovely look in the world; sound servo is in the world... smell servo is the
world In... Taste servo is in the world... The touch is in the world... French
servo is a lovely look, agreeable look in the world.” In a cute look, Black
Marge!

“Deportation of desire, greedy”: “desire, greed”, which is the desire of the
desire, the greed of desire, the joy of desire, thirst love, love of desire, the
heart of desire, the fascination of desire, the taking of desire, the plush of
desire, the flow of desire Yoke (bondage), desired execution, desire to cover.
“Expulsion of desire, greedy”: “desire, greedy, the rest of desire, greedy;
desire, greedy conception; desire, greedy stop; undead, Nibbana.” To depart from
desire and greed.

“For the Nibbana, undead”: “Nibbana land (foot/footprint/road/sentence) for the
refuge, the territory of refuge, the situation of return, no terror. “Undead”,
constant, solid, eternal, immutable.” For the Nibbana, not dead.

Because then, Worldman said:

“Here in what you see, smell, feel, know, in a lovely look, black magg!

Devotion of desire, greedy, for the Nibbana, not dead.

56. After knowing this, every person who is mindful, is a man of opinion and a
    complete cooler,

And they are always silent, through love in the world.

“Knowing this after all mindful”: ““This”, undead, Nibbana, that is the end of
all doings, all according to the judgment, thirst of love extinction, from
greed, extinction, Nibbana. “After knowing”, after knowing, after understanding,
after measuring, judging, after each, and after figuring out. “All works are
impermanent” after understanding, after understanding, after measuring, judging,
after the separation, after figuring out; “All deed is bitter”... “All law is
without me”... (medium) “Any set law is extinction After knowing, after
understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, and figuring out.
“Whosoever...” is the Allohan, and the troubles are“The Mindful” is mindful in
four ways: when practicing on the body is mindful... (medium) he is called the
mindful.” To know this after every mindful person.

“It is a Seemer, a Complete Cooler”: “The Seemer”, the Seeker of the Law
(Seemer), the Knower of the Law, the measuring of the law, the judge of the law,
the clear of the law, the clearer of the law. The Seeing of the Law of 'All Dow
is Impermission'... The Acorer of the Law of 'All Dow is Unme'... The Seeker of
the Law of 'Done for Unknown... 'The Law of 'All Collections are Extinguish'
Seekers of the law, the know of the law, the measure of the law, the judge of
the law, the clear of the law, the clearer of the law. “Completely cooler”,
greedy to make cooling state cooler; makes cooling state cooler; idiot to make
cooling state extinguished; angry... (medium) resentment... all mismade silence
State, Silent, Calmed Down, Extinguished, Cooled, Departed State, Stopped State
Silent, Silent, Calmed Down, Cooled, Stopped. ' For those who are viewers,
completely coolers.

“And they are always silent”: “Silence”, greedy halts the state of silence, the
cooling state is... (medium)... deprecated... angry... resentment... Silent,
Silent, Calmed Down, Extinguished, Cooled, Departed, Stopped, Silent, Silent,
Calmed, Cooled, Stopped. For silence. “They are Allohan, and the troubles have
been exhausted.” “Always”, always [; everything]; all times; constant; eternal
time; constant; continuous; uninterrupted; successive; the birth of water waves
without intermittent; continuous accompanies it to reach; in Early afternoon,
afternoon, first night, midnight, after night; in black moon, moon, rainy
season, winter, summer; in adolescence, middle age, old age. And they are always
silent.

“Love through the world”: love is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust...
(medium), bad roots. “Love”: what righteousness is love... (medium) is enlarged
obsession” for love. “In the world”: in the worlds of bitterness... (medium) in
the world. “Through the love in the world”: “The love in the world, or the love
in the world [Ni.1], he has passed, transcended, crossed, overcome.” To spend
love in the world.

Because then, Worldman said:

“Now that whosoever rememes after knowing this is a man of opinion and a
complete cooler,

And they are always silent, through love in the world.”

At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple.”

The eighth statement asked by Black Margar student Brahman [Completed].





Excerpt:

How to spoil thirsty love? In what you see, smell, feel, understand, in a lovely
look, desire, greedy to depart, for the Nibbana, immortal.

10/21/2020 06:14

