9. Explanations asked by the Brahmin from the Duchaya student

57. [Venerable Duchiya like this:] For those who are incapable of lusting for
    him, for him, eagerness will not be discovered,

And whoever has passed through doubts, what does his relief look like?

"Anyone whose desires are not alive to him": "Anyone who cannot abide by his
desires, does not live together, does not live, does not stay (live)." It is a
person who is not alive with his desires.

"[Like this Venerable Dudeya]": ""Like this", the continuation of the
sentence... (Omitted) This is the order of the sentence, "Like this".
"Venerable", this is a love language...( (Included). "Dudeya", the name of the
upper seat...(slightly) called." It is [Venerable Dashya like this].

"For him, thirsty is not discovered": "For him, thirsty is not, does not exist,
is not known, is not discovered, [has been cut off, cut off, calmed down,
stopped, cannot arise ,] was burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, thirsty and
love are not found.

"Those who have passed all doubts": "Those who have passed, surpassed, passed,
passed, passed, and overcome." Those who have passed all doubts.

"What is his liberation like?": "What is his liberation like, what kind of
establishment, what kind, and what kind of contrast should be wanted?" He asked
about liberation." What is his relief like?

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Duchiya like this:] For those who cannot hold back their desires, it
is for him that their love will not be discovered,

And whoever has passed through doubts, what does his relief look like? "

58. [World Zun: "Dushangya!"] For those who are incapable of lusting for him,
    for him, eagerness will not be discovered,

And for those who have passed through doubts, there is no further relief for
him.

"Anyone whose desires are overwhelmed by him": "Anyone who has no desire to live
with him", for people, an Arahat, and those who have exhausted their troubles.
"Desire", there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of
pollution... (omitted) these are called the desires of things... (omitted) these
are called the desires of pollution. "Whoever has no desire for him": "Whoever
has no desire for him, does not live together, does not live, and does not stay
(live all over)." It is someone who has no desire for him.

"[World Zun: "Dashiya!"]": ""Dashiya", the World Zun called the Brahman by his
name. "World Zun", this is a respectful synonym... That’s the World Honored
One." is [World Honored One: "Dushangya!"]

"For him, thirsty is not found": "thirsty", the lust of color, the lust of
sound, the lust of smell, the lust of taste, the lust of touch, the lust of
Dhamma. "For him", for the Arahat, for the one who has exhausted his troubles.
"For him, thirst is not discovered": "For him, thirst does not exist, does not
exist, is not known, is not discovered, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down,
stopped, cannot arise, Burned by the fire of wisdom." For him, thirsty is not
found.

"And whoever has passed the doubts": Doubts are called doubts: doubts over
suffering... (slightly) rigid state, confusion of mind. "Who..." means anyone
who is an Arahat and has exhausted his troubles. "And where the doubts have been
passed": "And where the doubts have been passed, surpassed, passed, passed,
passed, overcome." For those who have passed the doubts.

"There is no further liberation for him": "There is no further liberation for
him. Anyone who should be liberated is liberated, and for him what should be
liberated has done." For him Said that there is no further relief.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Dushangya!"] For those who are incapable of lusting for him, for
him, eagerness will not be discovered,

For those who have passed through doubts, there is no further relief for him. "

59. Is he the one who leaves the wish or the one who wishes? Is he a wise one or
    a wise one?

Sakyamuni! According to it, I can know Muni: All those who see it, please
explain that for me.

"He is the one who is away from the desire or the one who desires": "Is he a
person who has no desire or a person who thirsts? The colors he desires, the
sounds... the smells... the tastes... the touches [... the dhammas]
...Home...group
(congregation)...dwelling...profit...fame...praise...happiness...clothing...food...dwelling...patient's
necessities and medical necessities...sex world... ...The colorless world...the
desire to have...the color has...the colorless has...the desire to have...the
absence of desire to have...there is no desire to have...the four aggregates
have...the five aggregates have...the past ...The future...now...what he sees,
hears, perceives, and knows the dhamma he wants, accepts, hopes, and
eagerly,pray. "Because he is the one who leaves the wish or the one who
desires?"

"He is a wise person or a wise person": ""He is a wise person", he is a wise
person, a wise person, an enlightened person, a wise person, a distinguished
person, and a wise person. "Or as a wise person" , Or use the eight-level
wisdom, or use the five gods to provide wisdom, or use the evil wisdom, the
construction of eagerness, or the construction of seeing. He builds, produces,
produces, arises, and arises." For him One who is wise or as wise.

"Sakyamuni! According to it, I can know Muni": "Sakyamuni", "Sakyamuni is a monk
from the Sakyamuni family." It is Sakyamuni. Or, "the rich, the rich, the rich."
It is also Shakya. For him, there are these wealth, namely: faith in wealth,
abstaining from wealth, ashamed of wealth, ashamed of wealth, hearing about
wealth, giving wealth, wise wealth, mindfulness in wealth, righteous wealth,
divine wealth, root wealth, strength wealth, and enlightenment. Cai, Tao Cai,
Fruit Cai, Nibbana Cai, take those various treasures as the rich, the rich, and
the rich. Or, "[Those who are possible,] those who are able, those who flow out
all kinds of things, those who are sufficient, the heroes, the brave, the brave,
those who are not timid, those who are not frightened, those who do not
frighten, those who do not run away, those who have given up their fear of fear,
have left Those with erect body hair." Also Sakyamuni. "Sakyamuni! I can know
Muni according to it": "Sakyamuni! I can know, know, say goodbye, know for sure,
and penetrate Muni according to it." For Sakyamuni! According to it, I can know
Muni.

"Everyone with eyes, please explain that to me": ""That", whatever I ask;
whatever I beg; whatever I ask, whatever makes me clear. "Please explain",
please explain, please Teach, please inform, please establish, please uncover,
please analyze, please clarify, please explain. "All eyes are", all eyes are
called the state of all knowing wisdom... (abbreviated) Tathagata because That
is for all eyes." For all eyes, please explain that for me.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"Is he the one who leaves the wish or the one who desires? Is he the one who is
wise or the one who is wise?

Sakyamuni! According to it, I can know Muni: All those who see it, please
explain that for me. "

60. He is the one who is away from the wish, not the one who desires, he is the
    one who is wise, not the one who is wise,

Degrees fall! In this way, Zhimuni: one who has no owner, no obsession with
desire and being.

"He is the one who is away from the desire, not the one who desires": "He is not
the one who desires, he does not desire for all the colors, all the sounds...
(slightly) all the smells... all the things seen, heard, perceived, and knowable
Fahe doesn’t hope, accept, hope, hope, or pray.” Because he is the one who is
away from the wish, not the one who wants it.

"He is a wise man, not a wise man": ""He is a wise man", he is a wise man, a
wise man, an enlightened man, a wise man, a distinguished man, and a wise man.
"Not a wise man." "Zhe", with eight levels of wisdom, or with the five gods for
wisdom, or with evil wisdom, the thirsty construction he does not build, or sees
the construction he does not build, produce, produce, or arise , Do not make it
be born." For him is a wise one, not a wise one.

"Dudeya! This is how you know Muni": "Muni", Muna is called Chi... (Observed) He
is Muni after transcending the net. "Dudiya! Know Muni in this way": "Dudiya!
Know, agree, know, and pass through Muni in this way." For Dudiya! In this way,
Zhimuni.

"No owner, no obsession with desire and existence": "No owner", greed and
nothing; hatred and nothing; ignorant and nothing; slow and nothing; see
nothing; pollution and nothing ; Evil deeds have no possessions. For him who has
been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot arise, and burned by the
fire of wisdom, he is called no owner. "Desire", there are two kinds of desires:
the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (omitted) these are called
the desires of things... (omitted) these are called the desires of pollution.
"Yes", there are two types: kamma and rebirth... (omitted) This is rebirth.

"There is no owner, there is no obsessive in desire and existence": "A person
who has no possessions is an unattached, unattached, unattached, unobstructed,
detached, already Freed, freed, freed from bondage, he lives with the heart of
being free from being restricted." He is a person who has no owner, no
attachment to desire and existence.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"He is the one who is away from the wish, not the one who wants, he is the one
who is wise, not the one who is wise,

Degrees fall! In this way, Zhimuni: one who has no owner, no obsession with
desire and being. "

At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is
my teacher, I am a disciple."

The explanation asked by the Brahmin of the Duchiya student is ninth
[completed].





Summary:

Those who can’t hold their cravings, have departed from cravings, have been
puzzled are no owners, and have no attachments to desires and beings. He does
not go further.Step relief.

10/21/2020 06:11


