10. Statement asked by Brahmen, Ge Bo
 61. [His Holiness Ge Bo like this:] To those who stand in the flow, when the Great Horror is born,
 To those tortured by the death of aging, dear sir! Please tell you about Chau Island,
 Please tell me that Chau Island, there will be no more subsequent.
 “For those who stand in the flow”: “flow is called reincarnation: come, go, go, come, die fun, all kinds of death, past life, birth, disintegration, birth, aging, death. The starting point of reincarnation is not known [SN.15.1], the end point is not known, just in the middle of the reincarnation, the creature is standing, stopped, stuck, entered, dyed, and oriented towards the heart.
 How is the starting point of reincarnation not known? “Only such a birth rotation turns up and does not turn up afterwards.” This is not the case, so that the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a hundred births turn up and do not turn.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a thousand births' rotations turn up and do not turn up afterwards.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a hundred thousand births turn up and do not turn up afterwards.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such tens of millions of births' rotations turned up, then do not turn up.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such millions of births rotated, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only the tens of millions of births' rotations turned up, then do not turn.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only the tens of millions of births turn up and do not turn up afterwards.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown.
 “Only such a year rotated, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a hundred years of rotation turned up, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a millennial rotation turned up, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a hundred thousand years of rotation turned, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a thousand years of rotation turned up, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such millions of years rotated, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a rotation for tens of millions of years, then do not turn.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a tens of millions of years rotated, not after that.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown.
 “Only such a rotary turns up, then does not turn.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a hundred rotations turn up, then do not turn up.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a thousand rotations turn up, then do not turn up.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a hundred thousand rotations turn up, then do not turn.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a thousand rotations turn up, then do not turn up.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a million rotations turn up and do not turn.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such tens of millions of rotations turned up, then do not turn up.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a tens of millions rotated, then do not turn.” This is not the case, and this is also the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown.
 This is said by Worldman, “The Bichu Reincarnation is no beginning, unclear, thirsty love bound by the flow of human beings, reincarnation, the starting point is not known. ... Picchu! [You] such a long experience, heavy experience, experience unfortunate, increased the cemetery, Bichu! To this end, it is enough to hate everything! Enough to disinfect! Enough to be freed! [SN.15.1] This is also the starting point of reincarnation.
 How is the end point of reincarnation not known? “Only such a rotation of birth will turn up and will not turn.” This is not the case, so that the end of the reincarnation is unknown. “Only such a hundredBirths... only a thousand births like this... only one hundred thousand births like this... only tens of millions of births like this... only tens of millions of births like this... just such a hundred thousand. Thousands of births... just such a century... only such a millennial round... just such a millennia... just such a million years... just so many millions of years... just so many millions of years... just so many millions of years. ... only such millions of years... only such a robbery... only such a hundred robbery... just such a thousand robbery... just such a million robbery... just such a million robbery... just like this one million robbery... just so. The tens of millions of robbers... only such a tens of millions of rotations will turn up, after which it will not turn up. ' This is not the case, and this is the end point of the reincarnation is unknown. This is where the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown, and the end point of the reincarnation is not known. Just in the middle of the reincarnation, the beings are erected, stopped, glued, entered, dyed, and directed toward the heart. For those who stand in the flow.
 “[His Holiness as this]”: “Like this,” the continuation of the sentence... (S) “His Holiness,” this is the word of love... (medium) “Ge Bo,” the name of the Brahman... (medium). For [His Holiness Ge Bo like this].
 “When the Great Horror Exposure is born”: “When the expotion of desire, some exposure, the exposure of see, the exposure of the unknown is born, generated, born, born, and appears. “In the great horror,” the horror of life, the horror of the old, the terror of the disease, the terror of death. When the Great Horror Exposures are born.
 “For those who are afflicted by aging death”: “To those who are exposed, tortured, combined, possesses; for those who are exposed, tortured, combined, possesses; for those who are born following, to old followers, to sick conquerors, For those who have been killed, for those who have no refuge, for those who have no refuge, for those who have no return, for those who have no return.” For those tortured by the death of aging.
 “Dear sir! Please tell the island of Chau Island”: “Please say, please explain, please teach, please inform, please you build, please you uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please describe the island, shelter, shelter, return, Where to go, relying. “Dear Sir,” this is synonyms of love, respect, respect and obedience for dear gentlemen.” For dear sir! Please tell us about Chau Island.
 “Tell me the island of Chau”: “You,” he says Worldworld. “Proclaim Island Island”, please declare, please explain, please teach, please inform you, please build, please you uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain the island, shelter, shelter, reventions, places 、Dependent。” To ask you to declare Chau Island for me.
 “In this way there will be no subsequent”: “This bitterness can be destroyed here, can be calmed down, can go to absent, can stop; reborn bitterness does not occur; in the bounds of desire, or in color, or in colorless circles , or in the desire to have, or in color, or in colorless, or in there, or want to have, or in either want to have, or have, or in four, or in five, or in further interest, or in In the past, or in the birth, or in there, or in rotation, or in rotation will not make it produce, will not make it born, will not make it born, it is here can be extinguished, can be calmed down, can go to absent, can stop .” For that there will be no more subsequent.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[His Holiness Gebo, such as this:] to those who stand in the flow, when the Great Horror is born,
 To those tortured by the death of aging, dear sir! Please tell you about Chau Island,
 Tell me that the island of Chau, there will be no more subsequent.”
 62. [Worldworld: Ge Bo!] To those who stand in the flow, when the Great Horror is born,
 To those tortured by the death of aging, Ge Bo! I tell you about Chau Island.
 “For those who stand in the flow”: “flow is called reincarnation: come, go, go, come, die fun, all kinds of death, past life, birth, disintegration, birth, aging, death. The starting point of reincarnation is not known [SN.15.1], the end point is not known, just in the middle of the reincarnation, the creature is standing, stopped, stuck, entered, dyed, and oriented towards the heart.
 How is the starting point of reincarnation not known? ... (medium) This is the starting point of the reincarnation is unknown. How is the end point of reincarnation not known? ... (Midi) This is the end of the reincarnation is unknown. Just in the middle of the reincarnation, the beings are erected, stopped, glued, entered, dyed, and directed toward the heart. For those who stand in the flow.
 “[Worldworld: Ge Bo!”]”: “Ge Bo,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Ge Bo!”]
 “When the Great Horror Exposure is born”: “When the expotion of desire, some exposure, the exposure of see, the exposure of the unknown is born, generated, born, born, and appears. “In the great horror,” the horror of life, the horror of the old, the terror of the disease, the terror of death. When the Great Horror Exposures are born.
 “For those who are afflicted by aging death”: “For those who are exposed, tortured, combined, possesses; for those who are exposed, tortured, combined, possesses; for those who are born, to be accompanied by life, to old followers, To the sick conqueror, to those who have been killed, for those who have no refuge, for those who have no refuge, for those who have no return, and to those who have no return. For those tortured by the death of aging.
 “Ge Bo! “I tell you about the island of Chau”: “I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I uncover, I interpret, I explain, I explain the island, shelter, shelter, reventions, places, places of dependence.” For Katsura! I tell you about Chau Island.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldworld: “Ge Bo!”] To those who stand in the flow, when the Great Horror is born,
 To those tortured by the death of aging, Ge Bo! I tell you about Chau Island.”
 63. No ownership, no execution, this is no further island of continents,
 Like this, I say that's Nibbana: Birth and Aging all over.
 “Nothing, do not execute”: ““Anything”, greed is something; is a thing; Slow is a thing; see is something; pollution is something; evil is something, 'Anything's Disconnection, the calm of anything, the conception of anything, the stop of anything, immortality, Nibbana.” For nothing all. “No execution”, execution is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad root. The disconnection of the execution, the rest of the execution, the execution of the conception, the execution of the stop, the death, Nibbana. Is None, No Execution.
 “This is no further island of continents”: “This is the island, shelter, shelter, shelter, shelter, place of refuge, place of refuge. “No further,” there is no other side on which there is no other island. At that time, the island of such a continent was the first, the most winning, the winning, the top, the top, the top, the top. For this is no further island of the Continent.
 “Like this I say it's Nibbana”: “Weaving is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots. The break of weaving, weaving the flat, the weave of the conception, the braid stop, the undead, Nibbana. “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of the sentence; this is the second sentence, “like this.” “I say, “I say, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I unveil, I interpret, I clarify, I explain.” For like this I said that was Nibbana.
 “Birth and Aging All Over”: “Birth and Aging, Deceased, Conceptual, Stop, Immortal, Nibbana.” For birth and aging all over.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Nothing, no execution, this is no further island,
 Like this, I say it's Nibbana: Birth and Aging all over.”
 64. Knowing this after all mindfulness, they are viewers and completely coolers,
 They do not follow the control of the magic; they are not their followers.
 “Knowing this after all mindful”: ““This”, undead, Nibbana, that is the end of all doings, all according to the judgment, thirst of love extinction, from greed, extinction, Nibbana. “After knowing”, after knowing, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after each, and after figuring out. “Everything is constant”... (medium) “Any set method is extinguished” after understanding, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after the difference, and after figuring out. “Whosoever...” is the Allohan, and the troubles are “The Mindful” is mindful in four ways: when practicing on the body is mindful... (medium) he is called the mindful.” To know this after every mindful person.
 “The Seemer, the Complete Cooler”: “The Seemer,” the Seeker of the Law (Seemer), the Knower of the Law, the measuring of the law, the judge of the law, the clear of the law, the clearer of the law. “Completely cooler”, greedy to make the cooling state cooler;... (medium) all miscreated silence state, quenched state, calmed down state, extinguished state, cooled state, already Departure Status, StoppedThe state is silent, silent, calm down, cooled, and stopped. For those who are viewers, completely coolers.
 “They do not follow the control of the magic”: “The magic, the ruler of the darkness, the family of those who go to the limit, the demon, the ease. “They do not follow the control of the magic”: “They do not turn under the control of the magic, the magic does not turn control on them, the magic party, the magic's party, the magic catcher, the magic hook, the magic's food, the territory of the magic, the magic The dwelling, the land of the magic, the devil's bondage they win, defeat, overwhelm, end, crush, live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make survival.” For them do not follow the control of the magic.
 “They are not the followers of the magic”: “They will not be the servants, servants, servants of the devil, they will be Buddhist, worldly servant, servant.” For they are not the followers of the magic.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Now that whosoever rememes after knowing this is a man of opinion and a complete cooler,
 They do not follow the control of the magic; they are not their followers.
 At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”
 The tenth of the instructions asked by Brahman Ge Bo student [Completed].


Excerpt:
 No ownership, no execution, this is no further island in the exposure of great horror.
 10/18/2020 16:34