11. Explain from Brahmen, Rakudu Geng Nai

65. [His Holiness, like this:] When I heard about unwilling heroes, I came to
    ask the unwitless ones who have crossed the storm,

The Life Eye asks you to say the state of silence, WorldWide invites you to tell
me it truthfully.

“I heard the heroes of no desire”: “Like this, the Worldman, Arrohan... Buddha,
Worldham, after hearing, after hearing, after grasping, understanding, after
identification.” For me after hearing. “Hero”, Worldworld is a hero, “dynamic”
is the hero; “the breed” is the hero; “enough” is a hero; “brave” is the hero;
“heroic hero” is the hero; “heroic hero” is the hero; “no “The scared” is a
hero; “no terror” is a hero; “no fear” is a hero; “who does not flee” is a hero;
“has cut off the fear of terror” is a hero; “has left the hair erected” is a
hero.

“Here is a state of vitality from all evil, beyond the bitter of hell,

He is an energetic, diligent, and a person like this can be called a hero.
[Sn.3.6]”

“After I heard the heroes of no desire”: “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires
from praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these
are called the wills of things... (middle) these are called the wills of
pollution. For Buddha and worldom, the desire of things has been known, the
desire to pollute has been cut off, to the state of the desire of things, to the
state of the desire to pollute has been cut off, worldship does not want on
desire; in desire not to pray No desire in desire; do not pray in desire.
Whosoever desires in desire; pray in desire; and desire in desire; they plead in
desire, they are to those who desire, to the greedy, and to those who want to
think. Worldship does not desire in desire; not pray in desire; not pray in
desire; not pray in desire; therefore, Buddha is the unwilless, the desperate,
the one who has forsaken desires, the one who has ruled out, the one who has
freed it, the one who has cut Those who have dismissed their desire, those who
have gone away from the greedy, those who have forsaken, who have abandoned,
have ruled out the greedy, the freed, the deceased, the unhungry, the
extinguished, those who have been cooled, those who feel happy, And dwelt
himself for the bereaved of Van. For me after hearing about the heroes of the
desire.

“[His Holiness like this]”: “Like this, the continuation of the sentence... This
is the second sentence, “Like this.” “His Holiness,” this is synonyms of love,
respect, obedience. “His Holiness.” “Rakudu Geng Mud,” the name, name, name of
the Brahman, Anli, common name. For [His Holiness like this].

“Comes to ask the unwitless who has crossed the storm”: “The past the
torrenderer, the person who has crossed the torrenderer, who has crossed the
storm, has crossed the storm, the overflower has overcome.” For those who have
crossed the rim. “Ask”, ask, ask, ask, ask, ask, ask, make it clear. Inquire of
the unwitless, the undesires, those who have forsaken desires, those who have
ruled out desires, those who have freed from desires, those who have dismissed
their desires, those who have dismissed their desires, those who have deserted,
no greedy, the We have come, we have arrived, we have arrived, we have arrived,
we have arrived, we have arrived, we have arrived, we have come, we have come,
we have come, we have come, we have come, and we have come together with you.”
To come to ask the unwitless who has crossed the torrenderer.

“Life eye, ask you to say the state of silence”: “Silence”, with a line of
silence, also for the state of silence, that is immortal, Nibbana, that is all
the end, all according to the judgment, thirst for the extinction of love, away
Greed, destructive, nir This is said by Worldman: 'This is the land of silence,
this is the land of wonderness, that is, all the end of all, all according to
the conviction, the extinction of thirst, from greed, extinguished, and Nibbana
[SN. And in another way: where the law guided the testimony of silence, the
touch of silence, the testimony of silence, as these four, four positive, four
gods, five, five forces, seven senses, eight holy ways, these are called silence
The realm. Please say, please explain, please teach, please inform you, please
build, please you uncover, please explain, please explain, please describe the
state of silence, refuge, return to the territory, no fear State, no dead,
immortal, Nibbana. “Life eye”, the eye is known as the state of wisdom of
everything. For Buddha and Worldom, the eye and the victor state are born under
the Linden tree (no sequent) in a moment, so the Buddha is the innate eye. For
the life of the eye, please say the land of silence.

“Worldly ask you to say that truth for me”: “The truth is called undead,
Nibbana... (medium) extinguished, Nibbana. “Worldworld”,Synonyms of Respect...
Anatachi (Kana), the testimony of “Worldworld”. “Say it for me,” please say,
please explain... (in the middle), please explain.” For Worldplace, please tell
me that truth.

Because then, the Brahman said:

`“[His Holiness, like this:] When I heard about heroes who are unwilling, I came
to ask the unwitless ones who have crossed the riot,

The man of life eye asks you to say the land of silence, and Worldly ask you to
say it for me.”

66. For worldly acts after victory, such as the glory of the sun shining upon
    the earth,

For the Shaohui I, please explain the law I can know, here there is a break
between birth and aging.

“For Worldhm acts after victory”: “Worldworld, synonymous with respect... Anrat
(Kana), the testimony of “Worldworld”. “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires:
the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the
desires of things... (middle) these are called the wills of pollution. After
worldly known in the desire of things, after he disconnected from the wills of
pollution, he defeated, overwhelmed, ended [, crushed] after the line, lived,
acted, turned, guarded, survived, survived.” Because Worldhm acts after winning
on the wills.

“The sun shining shines on the earth”: “The sun (Ādicco) is called the sun
(sūriyo). The earth (Pathavī) is called the earth (jagatī). If the glorious sun
has a glorious, wins, defeats, overwhelms, ends, heats the earth, breaks all the
darkness of the sky, destroys darkness, and the light is seen, walking in the
sky, in the sky, in the sky, in the sky and in the empty road, The glory of
wisdom has the glory of wisdom, [break] all the creation set... The darkness of
polluted darkness, destroys the darkness of the unknown, after showing (making
see) the light of wisdom, in the desire of things, After the end of the pollute,
he defeated, overwhelmed, ended, crushed, lived, acted, turned, guarded,
survived, survived. For the glory of the sun shining unto the earth.

“Guang Hui for the less Hui I”: “I am the less Hui, the low, the inferior to the
wicked, you are the big, bohui, the Jie Hui, the fast of the Hui, the Wiser, the
Wiser, the insight, the earth is known as wide, worldly possesses and The same
vast expansion of the earth.” For the Guanghui, please for the Shaohui Me.

“Please explain the law I can know”: “Law”, at the beginning is good, the middle
is good, the end is good; meaning is correct, the words are correct; only
complete, clean Van Rong: four remembrance... (medium) Nibbana and Directing the
path of Nibbana, please explain, please teach, please inform, please create,
please uncover, please explain, please clarify, please explain. “I know,” I
know, know, know, do not, know, know, permeate, witness, reach, and testify. To
ask you to explain the law: according to which I can know.

“Here there is a break between birth and aging”: “There are birth, aging, death
severance, calm, conception, stop, undead, Nibbana.” For here there is a break
between birth and aging.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“For worldly acts after victory in desire, such as the glory of the sun shining
upon the earth,

For the Shaohui, I ask you to explain the law I can know, where there is a break
between birth and aging.”

67. [Worldplace: “Rao Du Geng Mud Pray you to revolve the desire of desire,
    after deviating from desire for stability,

Pick up or reject anything you don't be found.

“Please revolve in your desire”: “Wills”, there are two kinds of desires from
praise: the wills of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are
called the desires of things... (medium) these are called the wills of
pollution. “Grave”, greedy is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total
greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. “Revolve the greedy of your
desire”: “Revolve the greed in your desire, expel thee, dispel thee, depart
from, and make it come to absent, and make it come to absent.” For the desire of
you to revolve.

“Rao Du Geng Mud”: “Worldman named the Brahman by his “Worldworld,” this is
synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is
Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Rakudu mud!”]

“Desire as a stable after”: “from desire (departure)”, the correct sidewalk,
follow the road, the inverted sidewalk [, not contradictory sidewalk (no
contradictory road)], such as its meaning of the road, the law Road, all rings
completely, guard the root door, diet know the right amount, specializing in
sober, readAnd mindfulness, four live, four positive, four gods, five, five
force, seven, eight holy road, Nibbana and guide Nibbana road, for stability,
shelter, refuge, return, return to, fearless, The undead, undead, Nibbana, after
he saw, after seeing, after measuring, judging, after the separation, after he
figured it out.” For deviations as a stable after.

“Pick up or reject”: “The picked up” is held, taken, taken, taken, taken, and
believed by love, because of their longing love and seeing. “or rejected”, or
the rejected, to be discarded, should be discarded, should be discarded, which
should be terminated, and should be made to abstain.” For pick up or reject.

“Anything you don't be found”: “'Anything', greed is something; is a thing;
stupid is something; slow is something; see is something; pollution is
something; evil is something; evil is something, these Anything (Cambodia
Edition) You do not be found, do not be found, not found completely, do not be
found, do not be dismissed, depart, please end, make it non-existent.” For
anything you don't be found.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldworld: 'Rao Du Geng Mud Pray you to revolve the desire of desire, after
deviating from desire for stability,

Pick up or reject anything you don't be found.”

68. whosoever bears it wilt, and whatever is after, do not have,

If you do not hold in the middle, you will live a life of silence.

“Whosoever is before it wilt”: “As to the pollutions that were able to give
birth to pollution in the past, wither it, wither it, wither it, make it wither,
make it wither, and make it wither, and make it dry, and do not make seeds.
Leave thee away, depart thee, and end, and make it come to nonexistent.” So
whosoever bears it before thee to wither. Or, “Whosoever the work of the past
makes unripe fruit, make it wither, wither it, wither it, make it wither, make
it wither, make it wither, make it wither, enlarge it, do not make seeds, take
off, and drive thee. And leave thee to end, and make it to not exist.” So that
whosoever was before, please make it wither.

“Anything after you do not have”: “After that is called [the future.] About the
future of the line [whoever can be born] any greedy, any mischief, any sluggish,
any slow, any see, any pollution, any evil deeds, any of these for you do not
have, do not manufacture, do not produce, do not produce, do not produce Do not
give birth, and do not give birth to it: take off, depart thee, and end thee,
and make it come to not exist. For any afterwards please do not have.

“If in the middle you will not hold”: “In the middle is called now color,
subject, want, line, know. About now, you will not hold [, grasp, hold], thirst
love, take, persist, rejoice, welcome, hold, hold, hold, take, hold, hold, hold,
hold you off, will dispel, will To end, it will lead it to nonexistent.” For if
in the middle you won't hold.

“You will live a life of silence”: “The state of greedy has silence for you will
live the life of silence, the... (medium) all mismade silence state, quenched
state, the state of silence, the state of silence, extinguished state, no
burning state, cooled state, departed state, stopped state of silence, silence,
silence, cooling, stop, you live, live, act, turn, guard, Make survival, make
survival.” For you will live a life of silence.

Because then, Worldman said:

“Whosoever is before it wilt, and do not have any afterwards,

If you do not hold in the middle, you will live a life of silence.”

69. In all its fame, Brahmen! For the away from the greedy,

The annoyance for this one is not found: take control of those who will reach
the devil.

“In all its fame, Brahmen! “For the away from the greedy”: “everything”, all
completely, in every aspect, completely, without residue, the whole land, this
is the word that goes through, for “everything.” “Name”, four colorless.
“Color”, four and four big color. Grave is called thirsty love, it is greed,
lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots. “In all its fame, Brahmen! For those
who do not seek”: “in all the name of derelict, no covenant, abandon the greedy,
the exclusion of the costure, relief, discard the greedy, dismiss the greedy,
the away from the greedy, the non-greedy, abandon greedy For those who dismiss
the greedy, to free the corrupt, cut off the greedy, and to dismiss the
corrupt.” For in all the colors, BorneoDoors! For those who have no greed.

“The troubles are not found for this one”: “Trouble”, there are four kinds of
troubles: the annoyance of desire, some troubles, the troubles of the see, the
troubles of the unknown. “For this one,” for Arrohan, for those who have
troubled. “Not found,” these troubles were not, did not exist, not known, not
found, disconnected, severed, calmed down, stopped, incapable of being born,
burned by wisdom fire. For the annoyance is not found for this one.

“To those who will reach the devil control”: “To those troubles will go to the
control of the devil, or will go to death control, will go to the control of the
demon party, those troubles for him did not exist, do not exist, not known, Not
found, has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to be born,
burned by wisdom fire.” Take control of those who will reach the devil.

Because then, Worldman said:

“In all its fame, Brahmen! For the away from the greedy,

The annoyance is not found for this one: take control of those who will reach
the devil.”

At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple.”

The eleventh [Completed] of Rakudu Keng Nai student Brahmen asked.



Excerpt:

Avoidance (seemingly stable, unpicked or rejected, not holding) attested to the
situation of silence (Nibbana).

10/17/2020 11:10

