12. Statement by Brahmen, a student of Bodo Wuda

70. [Like this, His Holiness Bodo Oda:] Those who have forsaken their families,
    cut off the thirst, and those who do not disturb, and give away the
    rejoicing, those who pass

We will plead to those who have forsaken the builders, and they will go from
here after hearing the dragon elephant.

“Forsaken the family, cut off the thirst lover, do not disturb”: “Forsaken
home”, where desire, greedy, rejoice, thirst love, climb, perform, heart, hold,
annoy potential trends, those on the Buddha, Worldom has been cut off, the roots
have been cut off, like a rootless palm tree, become an unborn thing for the
future, so the Buddha is the one who forsaken his home. In the world... (medium)
in the world of thought... in the world of desire, greed, joy, thirst, love,
climb, perform, heart, hold, worry potential trends, those for Buddhist, worldly
It has been cut off, and the root has been cut off, like a palm tree without
roots, become a non-living thing for the future, so the Buddha is the one who
forsaken his home.

“Cut off thirst lover”, “thirsty love” for the color of thirst love... (medium)
method thirst love. That thirst for Buddha, Worldom has been cut off, destroyed,
cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, has been burned by wisdom fire,
so the Buddha is cut off thirst lover. “No disturbance”: disturbance is called
thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad
root. Disturbation, thirst love has been cut off for Buddha, Worldom, the root
has been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become a non-living thing for the
future, so Buddha is not disturbed. He does not disturb the disconnected state
of disturbance, worldly does not shake when he gets; he does not shake when he
does not get; he does not shake when [has] reputation; he does not shake when
there is no reputation (vicious criticism); in praise He does not shake; he does
not shake when rebuke; he does not shake in the hours of music; he does not
shake, does not move, does not tremble, does not tremble (strong trembling), not
trembling (strong trembling), therefore, Buddha Is not disturbed.” For those who
forsake their families, cut off thirst lovers, and do not disturb

“[Like this, His Holiness Bodo Oda]”: “Like this, the continuation of the
sentence... (cl.). “His Holiness,” [this is] love... (medium). “Bodo Wu Da,” the
name of the Brahman... (medium). For [His Holiness Bodo Wu Da like this].

“Forsake the rejoicing, passing through the riot, the liberated”: ““Rejoice is
called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots.
That rejoicing that thirsty love has been cut off for Buddha, Worldom, the root
has been cut off, like a rootless palm tree, become a non-living thing for the
future, so the Buddha is to abandon the rejoicing. “Through the torrenderer”,
worldship is the wills of the riot, through some of the riot, through the
outflow, through the unclear rim, all the circuits have passed, has passed, has
crossed, crossed The man who has overcome, he is a descending state, has
practiced the act... (medium) life and death reincarnation, without his
regeneration.” To abandon the rejoicing and passing the riot. “The liberator”,
the worldly heart has been freed from greed, liberated, and righteous; the heart
has been from the heart... (medium) heart from all bad to create separation,
relief, good relief.” To abandon the rejoicing, passing the riot, and the
liberator.

“Forsgiving the builder, the very wise, I will plead”: “Construct.” There are
two types of constructions: [because] the building of love and [because] see the
construction... This is the construction of thirsty love... Construct. For
Buddha and Worldom, the construction of thirsty love has been cut off, the
construction of the Seen has been dismissed, the state of the longing
construction has been cut off, the state of the construction of the Seen has
been discarded so Buddha is forsaken constructor. “I will plead,” I will beg, I
will plead, I will plead, I will accept, I will ask, I want hope, I will desire,
I seek, I will pray. Very smart is known as Hui, that is Hui, understanding...
(medium) inobsession, choice, positive. Worldhotel arrives (with), fully arrives
(have), enter, enter, full, fully sufficient, have this clever and wisdom, so
Buddha is the most intelligent.” To plead for me to abandon the builders, the
very wise.

“After hearing about the dragon elephant they will go from here”: “Dragon
Elephant” is the Dragon Elephant. Worldhotel “do not sin” is the dragon
elephant; “do not go” for the dragon elephant; “do not come” for the dragon
elephant... “After hearing the dragon elephants they will go from here”: “Your
words, the way, teachings, teachings, admonitions, after hearing, after hearing,
grasping, understanding, and discerning, they will depart from here.Go, go, go,
go in all directions.” They will leave from here to hear about the dragon
elephant.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“[Like this, His Holiness Bodo Oda:] those who forsaken their families, cut off
the thirst, and those who do not disturb, and give away the rejoicing, and those
who pass

I will plead to those who forsake the builders and the very wise, and after
hearing the dragon elephant, they will go from here.”

71. all kinds of people have come together from all nations, heroes! They look
    forward to your words saying,

Please explain them thoroughly, because like this you are the knower of these
laws.

“All sorts of people have come together from the nations”: “The breed of
people”, Chatheli, Brahmen, Bisha, Sudala, in family, out of the family, heaven,
people. “From the nations”, from Yang Ga, Mojedda, Galinga, Garinga, Gansaro,
Pak Ji, Mello, Zhiti, Trek, Kulo, Bungaru, Bizu, Su Luo, Ashinbo, Ashibo,
Avanti, . “Union”, has been assembled, assembled, combined, assembled. For the
kind of people have come together from the nations.

“Heroes! Looking forward to your words: “hero”, worldest is a hero, “energetic”
is the hero; able” is the hero; “outflow breed” is a hero; “ample” is the hero
[; “brave” is the hero;” “Heroic hero” is a hero; “no terror” is a hero; “no
fear” is a hero; “not fleeing” is a hero; “has cut off terror scared” is a
hero]; “has left the hair “Erector” is a hero.

“Here is a state of vitality from all evil, beyond the bitter of hell,

He is an energetic, diligent, and a person like this can be called a hero.
[Sn.3.6]”

“Heroes! They look forward to your words, “Your words, your way, teaching,
admonition, admonition.” “They look forward to,” they look forward to, want,
accept, hope, pray. For heroes! They look forward to your words.

“Please explain thoroughly for them”: “For Them,” for Chatheli, Brahmen, Bisha,
the Sudala, in the family, out of the family, the heavens, the heavens, people.
“You,” he said Worldworld. “Thorough explanation”, please explain it thoroughly;
please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover, please explain,
please clarify, please explain.” To ask you to explain them thoroughly.

“For like this you are the know of these laws”: “For like this you are the know,
the measure, the judge, the clear, the clear, the clear.” Because like this you
are the know of these laws.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“All sorts of people have come together from the nations, hero! They look
forward to your words saying,

Please explain them thoroughly, because like this you are the knower of these
laws.”

72. [Worlda: “Bodo Wuda!”] He should recline all the crawling and thirst, in the
    upper and lower and in the middle.

And whosoever is carried out in the world, because of that devil follows
affection.

“He should revolve all crawl and thirst love”: crawl and thirst love is called
the color of thirst love... (medium). “Crawling and thirsty love”, for what
reason is called crawling and thirsty love? To that thirsty love, color they
grabbed, take, hold, take, hold, persist, by... (medium) want... line... know...
fun... incarnation... born... there (exist)... rotation of them Take, take,
hold, take, hold, persist, take, take the thirst love for this reason. “He
should revolve all crawl and thirst for love”: “All crawl and thirst to love he
should revolve, should be expelled, should be disconnected, should end, should
make it not exist.” For him should revolve everything crawl and thirsty love.

“[Worldworld: 'Rakudu mud!” : “'Rakudu mud, '“Worldly named the Brahman by name.
“Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of
(medium), that is Worldworld.” For [Worldhotel: “Rakudu mud!”]

“On the top, down and in the middle”: “Upper” for the future, “Down” for the
past, the “Middle Quartet” is the present; “Above” is the world of heaven,
“Down” is the world of Hell, and “Middle Quartet” for mankind of the world. Or,
“upper” is good law, “lower” is bad law, the “middle four” is no remembered;
“upper” is no color, “lower” is the boundary of desire, the “middle four” is the
boundaries of color; “upper” is joy, and “down” is suffering, The “Middle
Quartet” is not afflicted; “Above” is above the soles of the feet, “Down” is
under the hair, and the “Middle Quartet” is in the middle. For the upper, bottom
and middle Quartet.

“WhereWhat they do in the world”: “Whoever, all kinds of colors, by the kind,
want, do, do, know the like, they grasp, hold, take, take, hold, hold, hold,
hold, persist. “In the world,” in the worlds of bitter worlds... For whosoever
they do in the world.

“To that because of the magic follow affection”: “because of the creation of the
industry and born of the magic, the world, the devil, the fun devil, the life of
the demon, the birth of the demon, magic, reincarnation, rotation follow,
accompanying, become Followers. “Affection”, human beings, people (everyone),
human, student Brahmen, man (man), personal (Tegalore), life, to the born,
affection, to the Indra, the man born of Monu. To take it because of that magic
follows affection.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worlda: “Bodo Wu Da!”] He should recline all the crawling and thirst, in the
upper and lower and in the middle.

And whosoever is carried out in the world, because of that devil follows
affection.”

73. Therefore, the understanding should not be carried out: anything in all the
    world of the mindfulness of Bichu,

Watch the stuck crawlers like this: this generation is entangled in the realm of
death.

“Therefore, the understanding should not do it”: “Therefore, 'therefore; that
reason; that cause; that cause; that cause, when seeing this oversuffering on
all desires.” For that. The Knower, the Knower, the Knower, the Knower, the
Knower, the Knower, the Knower, the Knower, the Knower, the Knower, the Knower,
the Knower, the Knower, the Knower, the Knower, 'Everything is Impermissive. ' ,
others, the know, the interroperate. “Should not be carried”, color he should
not grasp, should not be carried, should not hold, should not take, should not
persist, by... (medium) want... line... know... fun... born... There (exist)...
Reincarnation... he should not catch, should not be taken, should not hold,
should not take, should not take, should not persist.” So the understanding
should not be executed.

“Anything in all the world”: “Bichu”, Zenvan Picchu, or learn Bichu.. “Mindful”
is mindful in four ways: when practicing in the body is mindful... (middle) he
is called the mindful. “Anything”, any color, sort of, by, like, want, line,
knowledge, etc. “In all worlds, in all worlds, in all mankind, in all angels, in
all worlds, in all worlds, in all worlds, in all worlds, in all worlds.” For
anything in the world for the mindfulness of Bichu.

“Watching the stuck crawler like this”: “All colors they grabbed, take, hold,
take, hold, persist, by... (medium) want... line... know... fun... born... there
(exist) )... Reincarnation... rotate them to take, take, hold, take, hold,
clutter is called the stuck crawler. “Like this,” the continuation of the
sentence... (middle) This is the second sentence, “like this.” “Watching”,
watching, seeing, seeing, seeing, watching, watching, watching quietly,
observing. To watch a stuck crawler like this.

“This generation is entangled in the realm of death”: “Generations,” synonyms
for all beings. The realm of death is known as pollution and creation.
Generations are stuck, entangled, hung, hung, attached, obstructed, obstructed
in the realm of death, in the realm of death, such as objects stuck, entangled,
hung, hung, Attached, entrenched, obstructed. Similarly, generations are stuck,
entangled, hung, attached, entangled in the realm of death, in the realm of
death, in the realm of death. For this generation to be entangled in the realm
of death. 、Attached、Be fixed、Be。”

Because then, Worldman said:

“Therefore, the understanding should not be carried out: anything in all the
world of bichu,

Watch the stuck crawlers like this: this generation is entangled in the realm of
death.

At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple.”

The twelfth statement asked by Bordeaux Wuda student Brahmen [Completed].





Excerpt:

The execution of all beings is stuck also by the devil to follow → should
revolve all crawl and thirst love.

10/17/2020 11:00

