13. Explanations asked by Brahmins from Udhya students

74. [Venerable Udhya like this:] There are those who meditate, those who are
    free from dust, those who sit down, those who should be author and those who
    are free from troubles,

All Dhamma has reached the other side, and those who need it come with
questions,

Please tell me the liberation of complete wisdom, the destruction of ignorance.

"Those who have meditation, those who are free from the dust, and those who sit
down": "The Lord is a person who has meditation. He who has meditation in the
first jhana is a meditation; he who has meditation in a second jhana is also a
meditation; There is also a meditation person; in the fourth jhana, he is also a
meditation person; when there is seeking and serving [AN.8.63] meditation, he is
also a meditation; He is also a person who has meditation when he seeks no-will
meditation; he who has meditation has meditation; he has meditation when he is
meditation; he who walks meditation with pleasure is also a meditation; He is
also a person who has meditation; he who has meditation in emptiness is also a
person who has meditation; he who has meditation in non-phase is also a person
who has meditation; he who has meditation with unwillingness is also a person
who has meditation; In the world of Zen, he is also a meditator, a Zen-loving
person, a practitioner of a single state, and a person who values his own
interests." For those who have concentration. "A person who is free from dust",
greed is dust; hatred is dust; ignorance is dust; anger. It's dust; resentment
is dust... (omitted) All unwholesome deeds are dust. Those dust has been cut off
for the Buddha and the Blessed One, and the roots have been cut off, just like a
palm tree without roots, becoming non-existent for the future. Living things,
therefore, the Buddha is the one who has no dust, the one who is free from the
dust, the one who has produced the dust, the one who has thrown away the dust,
the one who has abandoned the dust, the one who has left the bound of the dust
(the one who does not correspond to the dust), and the one who has overcome all
the dust.

"Greed instead of dust is called grime, "dust" is synonymous with greed,

abandon the person who has eyes behind the dust, so the winner is called the
person who has left the dust.

çž‹ instead of dust is called grime. "Dust" is synonymous with anger.

abandon the person who has eyes behind the dust, so the winner is called the
person who has left the dust.

idiot instead of dust is called grime, and "dirt" is a synonym for idiot.

abandon the person who has eyes behind the dust, so the winner is called the
person who has left the dust. "

is the one who is free from dust.

"Sit down", "The Blessed One is sitting in the Gata Temple in Bosha. "Sit down.

"When Muni was sitting on the hillside, he had reached the other side of
suffering,

disciples serve, Sanming's death deceased. [SN.8.10]"

This is also the one who sits down. Or, "In the state where all efforts have
ceased, the Blessed One is the one who sits, the one who has fallen, and the one
who has practiced... (Omitted) The cycle of life and death, without his
regeneration. "This is also the one who sits down. "For those who have
meditation, those who are free from dust, and those who sit down.

"[Like this Venerable Udhya]": ""Like this", the continuation of the sentence...
(Omitted) "Udhya", the name of the Brahman... (Omitted) is called. Yudya].

"The one who should be the author and the one who has no troubles": For the
Buddha and the Blessed One, all the obligations, what should be done and what
should not be done have been cut off, and the roots have been cut off, just like
a palm tree without roots. Non-existence is something that will not be born in
the future. Therefore, the Buddha should be the author.

"For those who have not spread, for the monks who have cut off the stream,

For those who have been cut off what should be done and what should not be done,
the scorching heat is not found. [Sn.3.11,720 verse]'

"Should be the author, the one who has no troubles": ""Variousness", there are
four kinds of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of
seeing, and the troubles of ignorance. Those troubles have been abandoned for
the Buddha and the Blessed One. , The root has been cut off, just like a palm
tree without roots, it becomes a non-existent thing that does not live for the
future. Therefore, the Buddha is a trouble-free person." It is the author who
should be the author and the trouble-free person.

"All Dhamma has reached the other shore": "The Blessed One is all the Dhamma has
reached the other shore; omniscience has reached the other shore; abandoning has
reached the other shore; the practice has reached the other shore; the testimony
has reached the other shore; Those on the other side: those who have reached the
other side of all Dhamma; those who have reached the other side of all suffering
and omniscience; those who have reached the other side of all polluted
renunciations; those who have reached the other side of the practice of the Four
Holy Paths; those who have reached the other side of the testimony of
destruction; The one who waits until he has reached the other shore, he is the
free reacher on the holy ring, the highest (paramita) reacher; the free reacher
and the highest reacher on the holy constitution; the free reacher on the holy
wisdom, the highest The one who has reached the end; the one who is free and the
highest in the sacred liberation, he is the one who has reached the other side;
the one who has reached the other side, the one who has reached the ultimate
(target); the one who has reached the final, the one who has reached the end;
has reached endThose who have reached the border (extremely); those who have
reached the border, those who have reached the end; those who have reached the
end, those who have reached the rescue center; those who have reached the rescue
center, those who have reached the refuge; those who have reached the refuge,
have already The one who has reached the refuge; the one who has reached the
refuge, the one without terror; the one who has reached the non-terrorist, the
one without the dead; the one who has reached the undead, the undead; the one
who has reached the undead, the one who has reached Nibbana; Nibbana, he is a
person who has fallen into a state, a person who has practiced... (omitted) The
cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. "All Dhamma have reached the other
side."

"The needy comes with questions": "I come with questions as needed, I come if I
want to ask questions, and I come if I want to hear questions." This is where
the needy comes with questions. Or, "the inquiries that belong to the question
have the need, the one who wants to ask the question, the one who wants to hear,
[there will be] the needy come, approach, approach, visit." This is also the
need to come by the question . Or, "When you have a question, you can and you
have enough reason to tell and answer the question I asked, "Please bear this
burden."" This is also the need to come with a question.

"Please tell us about the liberation of the complete wisdom": "The liberation of
the complete wisdom is called the liberation of the Arahat state. Please tell
about the liberation of the Arahat state, please explain, please teach, please
inform, please establish, please reveal Open, please parse, please clarify,
please explain." To tell you the complete wise liberation.

"The destruction of ignorance": "The destruction of ignorance, fragmentation,
renunciation, cessation, cessation, cessation, immortality, Nibbana." It is the
destruction of ignorance.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Udhya like this:] There are those who meditate, those who are free
from dust, those who sit down, who should be the author, and those who have no
troubles,

All Dhamma has reached the other side, and those who need it come with
questions,

Please tell me the liberation of complete wisdom, the destruction of ignorance.
"

75. [Blessed One: "Udhya!"] The severance of the desire to desire, and the sorrow
    of both,

and the elimination of depression, the prevention of regret.

"Cut off the desire of desire": "Desire", which is the desire of desire, the
greed of desire, the joy of desire, the thirst of desire, the love of desire,
the thirst of desire, the enthusiasm of desire, desire The fascination, the
seizure of desire, the torrent of desire, the yoke (binding) of desire, the
attachment of desire, the cover of desire. "The renunciation of the desire for
desire": "the renunciation, calmness, cessation, cessation, immortality, and
Nibbana of the desire for desire." It is the renunciation of the desire for
desire.

"[Blessed One: "Udhya!"]": ""Udhya", the Blessed One calls that Brahman by his
name. "Blessed One", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (a
pseudonym) who testifies, That is the World Honored One." is [World Honored One:
"Udhya!"].

"both with regard to sorrows": "sorrows" are undesirable sufferings of the
heart, pains of the heart, undesirable sufferings of the heart touch,
undesirable sufferings of the heart touch. "Both with the sorrow and sorrow":
"The desire to sorrow and the sorrow, cessation, calm, cessation, cessation,
immortality, and Nibbana." It is both and the sorrow.

"And the exclusion of drowsiness": "'Sudd's," that is the state of unbearable,
unsuitable work, stained, withdrawn, dull, depressed, withdrawn, drowsy,
ignorant, and ignorant. "Exclusion", as well as the exclusion, renunciation,
cessation, cessation, cessation, immortality, and Nibbana.

"Prevention of Regret": "Regret", the inaction of the hands (evil being uneasy)
is regret, the inaction of the feet is also regret, the inaction of the hands
and feet is also regret, the inappropriate is considered (considered) as
appropriate , Appropriate is thought to be inappropriate... (slightly omitted)
The timely is thought to be untimely, the innocent is thought to be sin, the
guilty is thought to be innocent, and the path to regret and regret like this ,
The state of regret, the regret of the heart, the confusion of the mind, this is
called regret. In addition, regret, heart regret, and confusion of mind arise
from two factors: what is done and what is not done. How do things that have
been done and things that have not been done cause regret, heart regret, and
confusion of mind? "I did the evil deeds of the body, but the good deeds of the
body were not done by me." He had regrets, regrets in his heart, and confusion
of mind; "I did the evil deeds of speech, and did not do the good deeds of
language."... (slightly omitted ) "I did the evil deeds, but I did not do the
good deeds."... (omitted) "I did the killing, and the abstinence from killing
was not done by me."... (omitted) "Take without giving It was done by me, and
the precepts taken without giving were never done by me."... (slightly omitted)
"I did it by me, and the precepts for adultery were never done by me."...
(slightly omitted) LiarThe quit was not done by me. "... (slightly omitted) "I
did the parting language, and the abstinence of the parting language was not
done by me."... (slightly omitted) "I did the vicious language, and the
abstention of the vicious language was never done by me."... â€¦(Omitted) "I did
the slurs, and I didn't do the abstinence of slurs."...(Omitted) "Greedy was
done by me, and not greedy was not done by me."...(Omitted) "Malicious It was
done by me, it was not done by me innocently."... (omitted) "I did wrong views,
and right views were not done by me." He had regrets, heart regrets, and
confusion of intentions. This is what was done. Regret, heart regret, and
confusion arise with what has not been done.

Or, "I'm not a full-fledged person in quit." He has regrets, heart regrets, and
confusion of mind; "I am not a guardian of the roots."... (omitted) "I am not a
person who knows how to eat."... "I'm not a sober person."... "I don't have
mindfulness and right knowledge."... "Four mindfulness, four positive diligence,
four divine feet, five faculties, five powers, seven enlightenment elements,
eight sacred paths I practice."... "The suffering is not known by me, the
collection is not judged by me, the Tao is not practiced by me, and the
destruction is not witnessed by me." He felt regret, regret in heart, confusion
of mind.

"Prevention of Regret": "Prevention of obstacles to regret, renunciation,
cessation, cessation, cessation, immortality, Nibbana." It is the prevention of
regret.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[Blessed One: "Udhya!"] The severance of the desire for desire, and both the
sorrow and sorrow,

and the elimination of depression, the prevention of regret. "

76. From calm to complete purity of thought, thinking of the law is the
    forerunner,

I talk about the liberation of complete wisdom, the destruction of ignorance.
[AN.3.33]

"Satisfaction is completely pure from peace": "Peace", that is the peace,
carelessness, onlookers, cessation of the mind, equality of the mind, the
tranquil state of the mind, the neutral state of the mind in the fourth jhana.
"Mindfulness", that is the calm mindfulness, free mindfulness in the fourth
jhana... (omitted) mindfulness. "Purification from calmness to mindfulness":
"The peace and mindfulness in the fourth jhana are pure, pure, completely pure,
pure, pure, clean, free from defilements, plastic, suitable Working, standing
still, reaching immobile." Mindfulness is completely pure because of peace.

"Thinking of Dhamma is the forerunner": "Thinking of Dhamma is called Zhengzhi.
It is the beginning, the first, and the forerunner for the liberation of
complete wisdom." This is the forerunner of Dhamma thinking. Or, "Thinking of
Dhamma is called right view. It is the beginning, the first, and it is the
forerunner of complete intellectual liberation." This is also the forerunner of
thinking of Dhamma. Or, "Thinking of Dhamma is called Vipassana, the forerunner
of the four realms. It is the beginning, the first, and the forerunner of
complete intellectual liberation." This is also the forerunner of Dhamma
thinking.

"I talk about the liberation of the complete wisdom": "The liberation of the
complete wisdom is called the liberation of the Arahat. I speak, I explain, I
teach, I inform, I build, I uncover, I analyze, I clarify, I explain the
Arahat's Freedom." Tell me about the complete wise liberation.

"The destruction of ignorance": ""Ignorance", ignorance in suffering...
(omitted) Ignorance [çš„ fence], the root of ignorance. "Destruction", the
destruction of ignorance, abandonment, cessation, cessation, cessation,
immortality , Nibbana." is the destruction of ignorance.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"From calm to complete purity of thought, thinking of Dhamma is the forerunner,

I talk about the liberation of complete wisdom, the destruction of ignorance. "

77. What is the knot of the world? What is its roaming?

What kind of abandonment is called Nibbana like this? [SN.1.64]

"What is the knot of the world": "The knot, adhesion, binding, and defilement in
the world, what kind of yoke, strong upper yoke, toward upper yoke, fully toward
upper yoke, completely strong upper yoke, attachment, fixation, Obstacles." Why
is the world's knot.

"What is its roaming": "What is its roaming, roaming, and anti-roaming. With
what world roaming, roaming, and anti-roaming." Why is it roaming?

"By what kind of renunciation is called Nibbana like this": "By what kind of
renunciation, pacification, cessation, cessation, called, said, told, talked,
explained, and said to be like this Nibbana." For what reason is it called
Nibbana like this?

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"What is the knot of the world? What is its wandering?

What kind of abandonment is called Nibbana like this? "

78. Happiness is the knot of the world, and seeking is its wandering,

is called Nibbana with the surrender of thirst.

"Huanxi is the knot of the world": "Huanxi is calledThirst, that is greed, greed
(complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. This is
called joy. All happiness is the knot, adhesion, bondage, and defilement of the
world, and the world is yoke, strong upper yoke, towards upper yoke, completely
towards upper yoke, completely strong upper yoke, attachment, fixation, obstacle
in the world by this joy. Joy is the knot of the world.

"Searching is its wandering": ""Searching", there are nine types of searching:
seeking, seeking maliciously, seeking for harm, seeking for relatives, seeking
for land, seeking for immortality, seeking for sympathy with others, and seeking
for respect and reputation The search and the search related to not being
scorned are called the nine types of search. These nine types of search are the
wandering, wandering, and reverse wandering of the world, and these nine types
of search are wandering, wandering, and wandering against the world." It's
wandering.

"With the surrender of thirst, it is called Nibbana like this": "thirst for
love", the thirst for lust... (abbreviated) the thirst for Dhamma. "With the
surrender of thirsting, it is called Nibbana like this": "With the surrender of
thirsting, calm, cessation, and cessation, it is called, said, told, talked,
explained, explained like this Speak as Nibbana." To give up with thirst is
called Nibbana like this.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"Happiness is the knot of the world, and seeking is its wandering,

is called Nibbana with the surrender of thirst. "

79. What about the mindful walker, consciousness is stopped?

Let's ask the Lord, let us hear your words.

"What is it for the mindful walker": "What is it for the mindful and righteous
walking, dwelling, acting, turning, guarding, survival, and survival." For the
mindful walker .

"Consciousness is stopped": "Consciousness is extinguished, is calmed down, goes
to non-existence, ceases." It means that consciousness is stopped.

"We have come to ask the Blessed One": "We have come, we have come, we have
arrived, we have fully arrived, we have joined you, we have to ask the Buddha,
the Blessed One, we have to question, ask, ask, Make it clear." For us, ask the
Blessed One.

"Let us hear your words": ""That", your words, ways, teachings, teachings,
admonitions. Let us hear, learn, remember, understand, and discern." For us to
hear you That word.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"What about the mindful walker, consciousness is stopped?

We are here to ask the Lord, let us hear your words. "

80. Feeling inside and outside of oneself, those who are not happy,

For the mindful walker, consciousness is stopped.

"The feeling within and outside of oneself, the one who is not happy": "The
feeling within oneself is subject to perception and the one who lives is not
happy, unwelcome, unfixed feeling, happy, welcome, perseverance, perseverance,
clinging, clinging, He abandons, drives away, makes the end, makes it go to
non-existence; the feeling outside of oneself depends on the feeling and the one
who lives is not happy, unwelcome, not holding on to receiving, rejoicing,
welcoming, holding on, holding on, holding on , Perseverance, he abandons,
drives away, makes the end, and makes it go to non-existence; the feeling within
and outside of the self is dependent on the feeling and the one who is not
happy, unwelcome, not holding on to feeling, rejoicing, welcoming, holding on,
holding on , Clinging, clinging, he abandons, drives away, makes the end, and
makes it go to non-existence; the feeling in oneself is collected by the method,
and the one who lives according to the feeling... (omitted) the feeling in
oneself Those who live on the subject and the method of dissipating, and receive
according to the perception... (abbreviated) Those who are on the subject of the
subject on the subject and the subject of subjectivity outside of themselves do
not please, do not welcome, do not hold on to receive, rejoice, welcome,
Persistence, perseverance, clinging, clinging, he abandons, drives away, makes
the end, makes it go to non-existence; the feeling outside of oneself dissipates
the law according to the perception, the one who stays according to the
perception... (omitted) in The collection and dissipating methods of external
feelings, those who live according to perception... (omitted) Those who live
according to the observations of the method of dissipating and accepting
according to the observations... (slightly omitted) The collection and
dissipation of the methods of accepting according to the observations within and
outside the self, those who live according to the observations... (slightly
omitted) are not happy, unwelcome, and do not hold on to accepting , Rejoicing,
welcome, perseverance, perseverance, clinging, clinging, he abandons, drives
away, makes the end, makes it go to non-existence, in these twelve forms of
experience, the one who perceives and perceives... (Omitted) Make it go to
non-existence.

Or, the one who regards experience as impermanence is not happy, unwelcome, and
does not insist on receiving, rejoicing, welcoming, persevering, persevering,
clinging, clinging, he abandons, drives away, makes the end, and makes it go to
non-existence; Suffering, sick, tumor, arrow, curse, disease... (slightly
omitted) Those who leave are unhappy, unwelcome, unfixed, happy, welcome,
persistent, persistent, clinging, clinging , He abandons, drives away, makes the
end, makes it go to noExistence, in these forty-two forms of feeling, the one
who is not happy, welcome, does not hold on to receive, rejoices, welcomes,
perseveres, perseveres, clings, clinging, he gives up, drives away To end, make
it go to non-existence. Those who are not happy for their own internal and
external feelings.

"This is the case for the mindful walker": "This is the way for the mindful and
righteous walk, dwell, act, turn, guard, survive, and survive." For the mindful
walker .

"Consciousness is stopped": "Consciousness that does blessing, non-blessing,
consciousness that does not move [SN.12.51] is destroyed, calmed down, walked to
non-existence, and ceases." Be stopped.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"The feeling inside and outside of oneself, the unhappy person,

For the mindful walker, consciousness is stopped. "

At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is
my teacher, I am a disciple."

The explanation asked by the Brahmin from Udha student [Completed].





Summary:

1. Based on the fourth jhana, the thought of Dhamma (= Zhengzhi or right view or
   Vipassana) leads to the realization of complete wise liberation (arhat).

2. Joy (= thirsty love) is the knot (binding) of the world.

3. Don't like all recipients (think of it as impermanence, suffering, tumor
   arrow...=Vipassana=wisdom) Consciousness is stopped (= Consciousness
   Extinction, Ni.18,21).

10/17/2020 10:50


