13. Statement by Brahmen, Youtua student

74. [Like this, His Holiness Yutujah:] There are the Zen, those who are away
    from dirt, and those who sit down, and who should be the author, and who is

Whoever has come to the other side of the law, and those in need come in
question,

Tell you about complete intellectual relief, unclear destruction.

“There are Zen, from the dirt, those who sit down”: “Worldly is the one who has
a Zen. First Zen He is a zen; the second Zen he is also a zen; He is also a zen
in the third Zen; He is also a zen in the fourth Zen; He is also a zen in a
quest [AN.8.63] Zen is also a zen. ; He is also a meditation with no meditation;
He is also a zen; Zen is also a zen; He is also a zen; He is also a Zen with
Unhei Zen; He is also a zen; He is also a Zen with pleasure. Quiet Zen He is
also a Zen; He is also a Zen Zen; Zen with No Chen He is also a Zen; He is also
a Zen to Zen; Zen in the world He is also a Zen; Zen in the world he is also Zen
Zen, Zen loving, practitioner of a single state, and those who value their own
interests. For those who have Zen. “From the dirt”, greedy is dirt; grime is
dirt; anger is dirt; resentment is dirt... (medium) all bad made is dust, those
dirt for Buddha, worldom has been cut off, the root has been Cut off, like a
rootless palm tree, becomes a non-living thing for the future. Therefore, Buddha
is the dirt free, away from dirt, the person who has thrown away dirt, the
person who has abandoned dirt, has been removed from dirt bound ( Dust does not
correspond), people who have overcome all dirt.

“Greedy instead of dust is called dirt, “dirt” which is synonyms for greedy,

Discard this dirt after the eye, so the winner is called the dirt has gone.

instead of dust is called dirt, “dirt” which is synonyms for,

Discard this dirt after the eye, so the winner is called the dirt has gone.

Dementia rather than dust is called dirt, “dirt” which is synonyms for idiot.

The man who has an eye after abandoning this dirt, so the victor is called the
Dirt has gone. '

For those from dirt.

“Seated”, “Worldhotel sitting at the Bossa Collar Pagoda Temple.” For those who
sit down.

“When Muni sat on the slope, he had reached the other side of the bitter

And the disciples served, and the death of Sanming gave off. [SN.8.10]』

This is also worldly seated. Or, “All efforts have ceased state Worldship is a
seated, descended, practiced... (medium) life and death reincarnation, without
his regeneration.” This is also worldly sitting.” For those who have Zen, away
from dirt, and those who sit down.

“[His Holiness Youtua like this]”: “Like this, the continuation of the
sentence... “Youtua”, the name of the Brahman... (middle) is called.” For [His
Holiness Youthia like this].

“Should be the author, no worries”: For Buddha, Worldworld, all obligations,
what should be done and should not be done have been cut off, roots have been
cut off, like a palm tree without roots, become non-existence, not for the
future The living creature, therefore, the Buddha is supposed to be the author
of the already.

“For whoever has no spreads, for Picchu, which has cut off the stream,

For those who should be and should not be disconnected, coke fever is not
detected. [Sn.3.11,720]”

“The author who should be, no troubles”: “There are four kinds of troubles: the
troubles of desire, the troubles of some, the troubles of the see, the unclear.
Those troubles have been cut off for Buddha and Worldom, the roots have been cut
off, like a rooted palm tree, become non-existence, for the future, so Buddha is
no worries.” For the author who should be made, no worries.

“All the laws have arrived on the other side”: “Worldly is the one who has
arrived in the other side of the law; those who have arrived in the other side
are known; they have left off those who have arrived on the other side; Study
those who have arrived on the other side; and those who testify that they have
arrived Those who arrive on the other side: Those who have come to the other
side of all the law; those who have all the afflictions have come to the other
side; and those who have taken off all the pollutions have arrived on the other
side; and those who testify of destruction have arrived on the other side; For
those who wait until they have arrived on the other side, he is the free
arrivals in the sacred, the highest arrivals; the free arrivals in the
sanctuary, the highest arrivals; and the free arrivals on the holy glow, The
highest arrivals; the free arrivals in the liberation, the highest arrivals, who
have arrived on the other side; those who have reached the other side, have
reached the ultimate (target); the ultimate has reached the end; has reached the
end; has arrived End PointPersons who have reached the border (exactly); those
who have arrived at the border, have reached the terminator; has reached the
terminator, has arrived at the rescue home, has arrived at the refuge; has
arrived at the refuge, has arrived ; Has arrived at the place of return, has
arrived without terror; has arrived without terror, has arrived no dead, has
arrived the undead, has arrived the undead, has arrived to the Nibbana; He has
reached the Nibbana, he is descended The state, the person who has practiced...
(medium) life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.” For those who
have come to the other side of the law.

“There is a need to come with questions”: “To question I need to come, want to
ask questions I arrived, want to hear questions I come.” So there is a need to
come with questions. Or, “Questions that are in need, belong to those who want
to ask questions and want to hear, [there will be] the need to come,
approaching, approaching, and visiting.” It is also necessary to come with the
question. Or, “For the coming of your question, you can, and you have enough
reason to tell and answer what I asked, 'Please bear this burden. '” It is also
necessary to come with the question.

“Please tell you about the relief of complete wisdom”: “Complete relief of
wisdom is called the relief of the state of Alohan. The relief of Alohan state,
please tell you, please explain, please teach, please build, please you uncover,
please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain.” To ask you to
tell the complete relief of wisdom.

“Unclear destruction”: “Unclear destruction, broken, dismissed, paced,
dismissed, stopped, immortal, Nibbana.” for the destruction of the unknown.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“[Like this, His Holiness Youthoya:] There are the Zen, those who are away from
dirt, and those who sit down, and who should be the author, and who is not

Whoever has come to the other side of the law, and those in need come in
question,

Tell you about complete intellectual relief, unclear destruction.”

75. [Worldworld: “Youtua!”] The disconnection of the will of desire, and the
    worries,

And the exclusion of the shen, the prevention of regret.

“Deviations of Wills”: “Wills”, which is the desire of the desire, greed, the
joy of desire, thirst love, desire love, desire, thirst, craving heat,
fascination of desire, desire to take, wills Flow, yoke of desire (bondage),
desired execution, desire to cover. “Determination of the will of will”: “To the
desire of the will to rest, calm, dismiss, stop, immortality, Nibbana.” For the
disconnection of the will of desire.

“[Worldmark: Youtua!]” : “Youtua, Worldman named the Brahman by name.
“Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of
(medium), that is Worldworld.” for [Worldhotel: “Youtua!”].

“And to worry both”: “worry”, it is the heart's unconsciously, the heart's
bitterness, the unintended suffering of the heart touch is felt, the heart touch
of the unintended suffering. “And to worry both”: “to the will of desire and the
two to the worry of the rest, calm, conception, stop, undead, Nibbana.” For both
with the worry.

“And the exclusion of shen”: ““Shen”, which is the unbearable, unsuitable for
the working state, dyed, retreat, dull, depressed, retreat state, dull,
ignorance, ignorance, ignorance. “Exclusion”, as well as the exclusion,
disconnection, calm, conception, stop, undead, Nibbana. For and the exclusion of
the shen.

“Prevention of Regret”: “Regret”, hand inaction (mischievous restlessness) for
regret, foot's inaction is also to regret, not work of hands and feet is also
regrettable, inappropriate is thought (considered) as appropriate Be thought to
be inappropriate... (medium) is thought to be untimely, sinless is thought to be
sinful, sinful is thought to be innocent, all like this regret, the path of
regret, the state of regret, the state of regret, heart The remorse, the
confusion of meaning, which is called regret. In addition, the remorse of the
heart, the confusion of mind aroused by two factors: what was done and what was
not done. What is the confusion of remorse, the regret of the heart and the
remorse of the mind? “I have done my deeds, and good deeds have not been done by
me.” He was born of remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the confusion of his
mind: “I have done the words of evil and evil, and I ... (Slightly) “I did bad
deeds, and good deeds were not done by me.” ... (middle) “I did the killing, and
the death was never done by me.” ... (cl.) “I did not give, and I did not give a
withdrawal.” ... (cr.) “I have done evil, and I have not done it.” ... “The
delusive language was made by me, delusionalI have never done the quit.” ...
(middle) “I did the divulgar, and the disguise was never made by me.” ...
(medium) “The crude bad words have been made by me, and the abhorrent of bad
words is never done by me ... “I have made unclean words, and I have not done
the abdication of the filthy language.” ... (medium) “Greed was done by me, not
greed was not done by me.” ... (medium) “Malice was done by me, no malice was
not done by me.” ... (Slightly) “The evil was done by me, and I did not see it.”
He gave birth to remorse, the remorse of his heart, and the confusion of intent,
which was done and what was not done, remorse of the heart, the confusion of his
mind.

Or, “I'm not all branches on the ring.” He was born of regret, remorse of heart,
confusion of intent; “I am not the guardian of the root.” ... (medium) “I'm not
the right amount of diet.” ... “I am not a sober.” ... “I do not have a sense
and mindfulness.” ... “Four live, four positive, four gods, five, five forces,
seven senses, eight sacred paths have not been practiced by me.” ... “The
bitterness was not known to me, the set was not cut off by me, the word was not
practiced by me, and I was not He was born of remorse, heart regret, confusion
of intent.

“Prevention of Regret”: “Prevention, disconnection, calm, conception, stop,
immortality, Nibbana.” For the prevention of regret.

Because then, Worldman said:

“[Worldplace: “Youtua!”] The disconnection of the will of desire, and the
worries,

And the exclusion of shen, the prevention of regret.”

76. By calm and pure, the thinking of law is a pioneer,

I talk about complete intellectual relief, unclear destruction. [AN.3.33]

“By the peace of mind completely pure”: “Calm”, which is the calm, uncaring,
bystandstill, the end of the heart, the equality of the heart, the quiet state
of the heart, the neutral state of the heart. “Read”, it is in the fourth Zen
about the quiet reading, the indulence... (medium) mindfulness. “The peace and
mind of peace”: “The peace and mind in the fourth Zen are pure, clean,
completely pure, clean, purified, unclean, unclean, uncontaminated, plastic,
suitable for work, standing 、Arrival does not move。” For calm, read completely
pure.

“The thinking of law as the foreman”: “The thinking of law is called the good
will, it is the beginning, the front, and it is a pioneer for complete relief of
wisdom.” This is the thinking of law as a pioneer. Or, “the thinking of law is
called positive, it is the beginning, the forefront, and it is a pioneer for
complete relief of wisdom.” This is also the thinking of law as a pioneer. Or,
“The thought of the law is called the four leading Pibashana, which is the
beginning, the front, and it is a pioneer for complete relief of wisdom.” This
is also the thinking of law as a pioneer.

“I talk about the relief of complete wisdom”: “Complete relief of wisdom is
called the relief of Alohan. I said, I explain, I teach, I tell, I build, I
uncover, I interpret, I clarify, I explain the relief of Alohan.” Tell me about
complete intellectual relief.

“Unknown destruction”: “Unknown”, ignorance in bitterness... (middle) unknown
[fence], bad roots. “Destroy”, unclear destruction, disconnection, calm,
conception, stop, immortal, Nibbana. for the destruction of the unknown.

Because then, Worldman said:

“By calm to read completely pure, the thinking of the law as a pioneer,

I speak of complete intellectual relief, unclear destruction.”

77. What is the knot of the world? What is it's walking?

What to give up, like this is called Nibbana? [SN.1.64]

“What is the knot of the world”: “The knot of the world, adhesion, bound, with
the contamination, what the world is yoke, strong yoke, toward upward yoke,
completely upward yoke, completely strong yoke, attachment, fastening,
obstacle.” Why is the knot of the world.

“What is its walk”: “What is it roaming, wandering, backwandering. In what world
roaming, wandering, backwandering.” Why is it's walking.

“By what is dismissed, called Nibbana like this”: “By what is cut off, calm,
dismissed, dismissed, stopped, called, spoken, spoken, spoken, said, said as
Nibbana.” For what is the cut off, called Nibbana like this?

Because then, the Brahman said:

“What is the knot of the world? What is it's walking?

What to give up, like this is called Nibbana?”

78. joy is the knot of the world, find it's walking,

To thirst off love, like this is called Nibbana.

“Rejoice is the knot of the world”: “Joy is calledThirsty love, that is greed,
lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. This is called rejoice.
Whosoever rejoices are the knot of the world, adhered, bound, and with the
headies, the world is yoked by this joy, strong yoke, toward the upper yoke,
completely toward the upper yoke, and firmly attached, fastened, and obstructed.
For joy is the knot of the world.

“Search is its walk”: “Search”, there are nine kinds of search: seek, malicious
search, harm, kiss search, homeland search, undead search, and compassion
related to others, related to the good and respectful reputation of the search,
and not being Contempt about the hunt, these are called nine kinds of hunts.
These nine search is the world roaming, wandering, backwandering, with these
nine kinds of world roaming, wandering, backwandering.” For the hunt is its
walk.

“By the thirst of love, called Nibbana like this”: “thirsty love”, the thirst of
color... (medium) method thirst love. “The break of thirst love is called
Nibbana like this.”: “With the thirst of love to dismiss, calm, dismiss, stop,
called, said, told, spoken, spoken, said, said to be said as Nibbana.” To give
off with thirst love, like this is called Nibbana.

Because then, Worldman said:

“Rejoice is the knot of the world, looking for it to walk,

With thirst off love, called Nibbana like this.”

79. What about the mindfulness of the travel, knowledge is stopped?

Let's ask Worldend and let us hear that word from you.

“What about the mindfulness of the passer”: “For those who live, live, act,
turn, protect, make survival and make survival.” For the mindfulness of the
woulders.

“Knowledge is stopped”: “knowledge is extinguished, calmed down, gone to absent,
stop.” For the knowledge is stopped.

“We come to ask Worldworld”: “We come, we have arrived, we have arrived, we have
arrived, we have fully arrived, we have joined with you, to ask Buddha, Worldom,
to question, ask, ask, ask, ask, ask, ask, To make it clear.” For us to ask
Worldhotel.

“Let us hear that word of yours”: “That, your language, your way, teaching,
admonition, admonition. Let's hear, learn, remember, understand, discern.” To
let us hear that word of yours.

Because then, the Brahman said:

“What about the mindful trader, knowledge is stopped?

We come to ask Worldend and let us hear that word from you.”

80. their own internal and external suffers, dislikes,

For the mindful of the would-be, the knowledge is stopped.

“Inside and outside of themselves, displeased”: “In their own subject-behaved
and inhabited people do not like, unwelcome, do not hold, rejoice, welcome,
hold, obsession, perseverance, perseverance, depart, do End, make it to absent;
in their own subject-behaved and live dislike, not welcome, do not hold,
rejoice, welcome, hold, obsession, perform, perseverance, he cut off, depart, do
end, make it To do not exist; in their own and outside the subject of the
subject and live do not like, do not welcome, do not hold, rejoice, welcome,
hold, obsession, perform, perseverance, dispel, end, make it to Does not exist;
in their own subject to the subject of the follow set law, followed by the
live... (medium) in their own subject to the subjectivity set and dissipation
method, followers live... (medium) in their own outside the subject of the
follow follow set method, with Observe and live do not like, do not welcome, do
not hold by, rejoice, welcome, hold, coaching, perseverance, dispel, end, make
it not exist; in their own subject-to-follow dissipation law, Followed by the
live... (medium) in their own subjectivity and dissipation method, followed by
the inhabited live... (medium) in their own and outside the subject subject of
the optomatic method, followed by live... (medium) in their own Inside and
outside the subject to the dissipation method, followed by the inhabited
people... (medium) in their own and outside the subject of the optomatic set and
dissipation law, follow the inhabited people... (medium) dislikes, unwelcome, do
not insist, joy, Welcome, hold, coaching, perform, perseverance, he cut off,
depart, do end, make it to the absence, in these twelve kinds of behavior in the
subject of followers and inhabited... (middle) make it to non-existent.

Or, the person who is treated as inconfinity does not rejoice, does not welcome,
does not hold, rejoice, welcome, hold, act, perseverance, dispel, end, make it
non-existent; the suffering, sick , tumor, arrow, evil, disease... (medium)
departing dislike, not welcome, do not hold, rejoice, welcome, hold, cohend,
perseverance, he cut off, dispel, do end, make it Come to noExistence, in these
forty-two kinds of behavior are subject to follow and live dislike, not welcome,
do not hold, rejoice, welcome, hold, hold, perform, persist, perseverance,
dispel, do end, make it to Does not exist.” For those who do not rejoice within
and outside themselves.

“For the mindful of the passer”: “For those who live, live, act, turn, protect,
make survival and make survival.” For this to the mindful of the fanderer.

“Knowledge of being stopped”: “The knowledge of the Fu line, the knowledge of
the non-welfare line, the knowledge of the inaction trip [SN.12.51] was
extinguished, calmed down, walked to nonexistent, stopped.” For the knowledge is
stopped.

Because then, Worldman said:

“The inner and outside of themselves, and those who do not rejoice

For the mindful of the trader, the knowledge is stopped.”

At the end of the Ode... (medium) “Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple.”

The thirteenth statement asked by Youtua student Brahmen [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. On the basis of the Fourth Zen, the thought of the law (= positive mind or
   vision or Bishana) leads to complete relief of wisdom (Arrohan).

2. joy (= thirsty love) is the knot of the world (bound).

3. do not rejoice all the recipients (see it as a constant bitterness tumor
   arrow... = Ti Bashena=Hui) knowledge was stopped (= extinguished, Ni.18,21).

10/17/2020 10:50

