14. Explanations asked by Brahmins from students
    81. [Venerable like this presses salad:] The one who points out the past, does not disturb, cuts off doubts,
       All Dhamma has reached the other side, and those who need it come with questions.
"The one who pointed out the past": ""The one who...", that is the world-honored person, the solo person, and the one without a teacher who has realized the truth in the Dhamma that has not been heard before, and has reached the state of all knowing there. , The one who [reaches] the state of freedom in strength. "Point out", the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others, also points out the future, and points out the present.
    How did the Blessed One point out his past? The Blessed One pointed out his past: He pointed out the whole life, the second life, the third life, the fourth life, the fifth life, the ten life, the twenty life, the thirty life, and the four life. Ten births also pointed out fifty births, and also pointed out a hundred births... (slightly omitted) a thousand births... one hundred thousand births... many bad calamities... many finished calamities... also pointed out many bad calamities: "Where is that person? Such a name, such a surname, such a face, [eating] such food, such a feeling of pain and happiness, such a long life, the one who died there from where he was born, and where is the name, such Surname, such a face, [eat] such food, such feelings of pain and happiness, such a long life, the one who died from there was born here." Like this, he pointed out that many previous lives had such behaviors and situations. . In this way, the Blessed One points out his past.
     How does the Blessed One point out the past of others? The Blessed One pointed out the past of others: He pointed out the whole life, and also pointed out the second life... (omitted) also pointed out many bad things: "Who is there with such a name, such a surname, such a face, [eating] such food , Such feelings of pain and happiness, such a long life, the one who was born there after death, and there is such a name, such a surname, such a face, [eat] such food, such a feeling of pain and pleasure , Such a long life, the one who died from there was born here. 』Like this, he pointed out that many previous lives had such behaviors and situations. In this way, the Blessed One points out the past of others.
When talking about the Five Hundred Prayer Sutras, the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others; when talking about the Great Sutra [DN.14], the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others; when talking about the Great Kindness Sutra [DN.17], the Blessed One Point out the past of oneself and others; when talking about the Great General Administration Sutra [DN.19], the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others; when talking about the Ma’e Diva Sutra [MN.83], the Blessed One points out the past of himself and others.
     This was said by the World Zun [DN.29]: "Chunta! Regarding the past lives, Tathagata has reminiscences and entourage wisdom, he [can] recall as much as he hopes, Chunta! Regarding the future...(Omitted) Chunta! Regarding the present life, the Tathagata gave birth to Jue-Seng-zhi: "This is my last birth, and now, there is no rebirth.""
The wisdom of the root is the power of the Tathagata; the underlying tendency of all living beings and the underlying tendency of the troubles is the power of the Tathagata; the wisdom of the two gods is the power of the Tathagata; the wisdom of great compassion is the power of the Tathagata; the wisdom of all knowers is Tathagata power; barrier-free wisdom is the Tathagata power; there is no attachment, no repulsion, and barrier-free wisdom is the Tathagata power. In this way, the Blessed One points out the past, future, and present of himself and others , He explained, taught, informed, established, uncovered, analyzed, clarified, and explained. "For the one who pointed out the past.
"[Like this Venerable Forcing Salad]": "[Like this", the continuation of the sentence... (Omitted) "Venerable", [This is] Love Language... (Omitted) "Forcing Salad", the Brahman's The name... (omitted) is called." It is [Venerable Sala like this.
"The one who does not disturb, the one who cuts off doubts": ""Disturbance is called thirst, that is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. That disturbance, thirst for Buddha, Blessed One In terms of being cut off, the root has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, which becomes non-existent and is the immortal thing in the future. Therefore, the Buddha is the undisturbed. The disturbed state is the undisturbed. , The Blessed One does not shake when he gets it... (slightly) He does not shake, does not move, does not tremble, does not tremble (strong tremor), does not tremble much (strong tremor) when suffering." It is the one who does not disturb. The doubter", doubt is called doubt: doubt on suffering...(slightly omitted) rigid state, confusion of mind. That doubt has been cut off, cut off, and destroyed for the Buddha and the Blessed One. , Has been cut off, has been calmed down, has ceased, has ceased, cannot arise, and has been burned by the fire of wisdom. Therefore, the Buddha is the one who cuts off doubts." The one who does not disturb, cuts off doubts.
     "Those who have reached the other side of all laws":"The Blessed One is the one who has reached the other side of all Dhamma; the one who has reached the other side of the omniscience; the one who has reached the other side of renunciation; the one who has reached the other side of practice; the one who has reached the other side of testimony; ) Reincarnation of life and death, without his rebirth." For all Dhamma that has reached the other side.
     "The needy comes with a question": "I come with a question when I need it... (Omitted) "Please bear this burden."" For the needy come with a question.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "[Venerable like this presses Salad:] The one who points out the past, does not disturb, cuts off doubts,
       All Dhamma has reached the other side, and those who need it come with questions. "
    82. The person who has disappeared, the person who has lost everything,
       inside and outside of oneself, the seer of "nothing",
      Sakyamuni! I asked Chi, how should people like that be guided?
     "Those whose lust has disappeared": What is lust? The state of thought, cognition, and cognition of the entrants or the deceased, or those who live in the realm of life, is the state of consciousness. "Those who have disappeared": "The four colorless waiters are those who have disappeared, those who have left, those who have passed through, those who have passed, and those who have overcome." They are those who have disappeared.
     "All-bodies who have given up": "All his rebirth bodies have been given up, those who have crossed that part, and his body has been suppressed and given up by those who have given up." It is the give up of all bodies.
"Inside and outside of oneself, the seer of "nothing"": ""Nothing" means waiting for nothingness. For what reason is "nothing" waiting for nothingness? Everyone enters mindfully Consciousness waits until there is no bounds, and then after coming out of there, that consciousness does not exist, disappear, and disappear. He sees "Nothing", and for this reason "Nothing" waits for nothing." In his own self Outside, the "nothing" seer.
"Sakyamuni! I will ask the wisdom": ""Sakyamuni", "Sakyamuni is a monk from the Sakyamuni family." It is a Sakyamuni... (abbreviated) "Those who have already given up the fear of terror, and those who have left their bodies and erected hair." Sakyamuni. "I ask wisdom", I ask his wisdom, I ask Hui, I ask Zheng enlightenment: "What is it like, what is established, what kind, and what kind of contrasting wisdom should be wanted的?』」It is Sakyamuni! I will ask wisely.
"How should a person like that be guided": "How should he be guided, should be tempered, should be comforted, should be told, should be considered, should be seen, and should be made clear? How? Because that higher wisdom should make it arise? "Like that kind of person", like that kind of person, like that, that setter, that kind of person, that kind of person, that similar person, whoever has nothing to wait to get Those.” For how people like that should be guided.
     Because of that, the brahmin said:
     "The one who has disappeared, the one who renounces all bodies,
       inside and outside of oneself, the seer of "nothing",
      Sakyamuni! I asked Chi, how should people like that be guided? "
    83. [World Zun: "Force Salad!"] All knowing and living, the Tathagata is the witness,
       knows that the survivor is the winner, the one who is interesting.
"All satipaṭṭhāna": "The Blessed One knows the Four Consciousness Astays because of his creation, and he knows the Seven Consciousness Astays because of the incarnation. How is the Blessed One knows the Four Consciousness Astays because of his creation? This is said by the Blessed One [SN.22.53]: "Monks! When the consciousness is standing, you will stand on the color of climbing, the color of the object, and the color of standing, and you will be able to grow, grow, and expand. Or, monks! [Dangzhizhu Immediately, I will live and stand on the feeling... (omitted) or, bhikkhus! [When knowing and staying, I will live and standing on] thinking of clambering... (omitted) Or, monks! , Will dwell on the line of climbing, the line of object, the line of standing, and the sprinkling of joy, you can come to growth, growth, and expansion." This is the Blessed One who knows the four-knowledge dwelling through fabrication.
     How is the Blessed One who knows the Seven Consciousness due to the conjunctivities? This was said by the Lord: Bhikkhus! Beings with all kinds of bodies and all kinds of thoughts, such as: people, certain heavens, and certain people who have fallen from the realm, this is the first consciousness.
     Bhikkhus! There are all kinds of beings with a single mind, such as the Brahma who reborn as the first [Zhan], this is the second consciousness.
     Bhikkhus! Beings with a single body and all kinds of thoughts, such as the heaven of light and sound, this is the third consciousness.
     Bhikkhus! Beings who have a single body and a single mind, such as: the sky of pure heaven, this is the fourth consciousness.
     Bhikkhus! There is the transcendence of thinking with all colors, the extinction of thinking with the opposite, and all kinds of thinking without thinking [and know]: "Void is boundless", toAll beings in the emptiness and boundlessness, this is the fifth consciousness.
     Bhikkhus! After surpassing all emptiness and boundlessness [and knowledge]: "Knowledge is boundless", the sentient beings who reach the boundlessness of consciousness, this is the sixth consciousness.
     Bhikkhus! After having transcended all consciousness in the boundless place [and knowing]: "There is nothing", the sentient beings who reach nowhere are the seventh consciousness. In this way, the Blessed One knows the seven consciousnesses because of the rebirth. "Knowledge for everything.
"[World Zun: "Force Salad!"]": ""Force Zun", the Blessed One calls the Brahman by his name. "World Zun", this is a synonymous with respect... ." is [World Zun: "Force Salad!"].
"The Tathagata is the one who proves the knower": ""The one who proves the knower", the Tathagata is the one who proves the knower, the other person, the sure knower, the penetrator. This is said by the world-zun [DN.29]: Chunta! If the past is untrue , Untruthful, unprofitable, Tathagata does not answer it, Chunta! If the past is true, truthful, and unprofitable, if the Tathagata does not answer it, Chunta! If the past is true, truthful, and profitable , There is the answer to his question, the Tathagata is the one who knows the time; Chunta! If the future is... (omitted) Chunta! If the present is unreal, untruthful, and unprofitable, the Tathagata will not answer It, Cunda! If the present is true, truthful, and unprofitable, the Tathagata does not answer it, Cunda! If the present is true, truthful, and beneficial, there, the answer to his question, the Tathagata It is the one who knows the time. Chunta! Like this, in the past, the future, and the present law, the Tathagata is the speaker of the right time, the speaker of the fact, the speaker of the benefit, such as the speaker of the law, the speaker of the law, Therefore it is called "Tathagata".
     Chunta! Including the world with the heavens, demons, and Brahma; in the generations with the sandmen, brahmins, heavens, and humans, wherever he sees, hears, feels, knows, gains, asks, and is followed by intentions, that Everything has been enlightened by the Tathagata, so it is called "Tathagata"; Chunta! Whenever he speaks, talks, and demonstrates in the night of enlightenment and the night of enlightenment, he says, talks, and shows that everything is the same as it really is, so it is called "Tathagata"; Chunta ! The Tathagata is the one who does what it says; the one who speaks as it does, and the one who does it like this; the one who speaks as it does it is called "Tathagata"; Chunta! Including the world with the heavens, demons, and Brahma; among the generations including the sandmen, brahmins, heavens, and people, the Tathagata is the conqueror, the unconquered, the all-seeing, and the free, so it is called the "Tathagata". "The Tathagata is the one who knows.
"Know the survivor": "The Blessed One knows that the survivor is here because of the deeds of karma: "This person has passed away to the world of suffering, evil interest, lower realm, and hell after death through the disintegration of the body." And the one who knows that exists here: "This person has passed away to the animal world after death by the disintegration of the body." The Blessed One knows that this is here due to the deeds of karma: "This person has passed away after the disintegration of the body. To the world of hungry ghosts." The Blessed One knows that he is here because of his karma: "This person has passed away after death through the disintegration of his body." The Blessed One knows that he is here because of his karma: "This With the disintegration of the body, human beings have been reborn to the realm of goodness and heaven after death."
     This was said by the world-zun [MN.12]: Again, Sariputra! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the disintegration of the body, and will be reborn into the way of suffering, evil, lower realms, and hell after death. . 』
     Again, Sariputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the way of the disintegration of the body and will be reborn in the animal world after death. 』
     Again, Sariputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the way of disintegrating the body, and will be reborn in the world of hungry ghosts after death. 』
     Again, Sariputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the way of disintegrating the body, and will be reborn in the human being after death. 』
     Again, Sariputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the disintegration of the body, and will be reborn in the way of goodness and heaven after death. 』
     Again, Sariputta! Here, after knowing the heart so well, I know someone: "This individual who walks the way and behaves like that has entered the extinction of all the troubles, and will enter in the life after witnessing the wisdom to testify. Then live in the mind free from worry, free from wisdom. 』」To know thatContinuation.
"It is the victor, the one who has fun": "The "victor" who has nowhere. "The victor", "the one who overcomes the solution by liberation, the one who overcomes the solution there, the one who overcomes the solution, and the one with that Or, the Blessed One knows that: this person is the one who overcomes the solution by color, the solution by sound, the solution by smell, the solution by taste, the solution by touch, the solution by family, the solution by group , The winner of residence, the winner of profit, the winner of reputation, the winner of praise, the winner of joy, the winner of clothing, the winner of group food, the winner of shelter, the needs of patients and the medical necessities The interpreter, the victorious interpreter, the ruler victorious, the Abhidhamma victorious, Aranruo victorious: the one who always begs for food, the dung-sweeping and the victorious, but the three-clothing, the victorious, Those who beg for food and overcome solutions, those who do not suffer from food after eating, those who often sit and do not sleep, those who live anywhere, those who overcome solutions, those who first meditation overcome solutions, those who second meditation victorious solutions, and those who victorious third meditation Those who are in the fourth meditation are the winners of the solution, those who wait for the solution in the emptiness and boundlessness, the ones who wait for the solution in the knowing the boundlessness, those who wait for the solution in the nowhere, and those who do not want to wait for the solution." By.
     "The one who is interested" means the one who has no place, the one who is interested, the one who is interested in karma, the one who repays the fun, the one who is heavy, and the one who regenerates. Or, the Blessed One knows: This person is a person who is interested in sex... (slightly) a person who wants to be funny. "Being the winner, the one who has fun.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "[World Zun: "Force Salad!"] All know and live, the Tathagata is a witness,
       knows that the survivor is the winner, the one who is interesting. "
    84. Knowing that nothing arises, like this is a happy knot,
After        knows this in this way, then he will be vipassana there,
       This is his true wisdom: of the completed Brahman.
"Knowing after nothing arises": ""Nothing arises" is called a creation that leads to nothingness. Knowing that the creation that leads to nothingness is "nothing arises", after knowing it is "adhesion", knowing is After "binding", after knowing it is "obstacle", after understanding, after measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." After knowing that nothing has arisen.
"Like this is the happy knot": "The happy knot is called colorless greed. The karma is attached, fixed, and obstructed by colorless greed. After knowing that colorless greed is "happy knot", after knowing it is "adhesion", it is known as "binding" "After knowing it is "obstacle", after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Like this", sentence continuation; sentence connection; sentence completion; combination of words; sentence Connection; this is the order of the sentence, "like this". "Being like this is a happy knot.
     "After proving this in this way": "After proving this in this way, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, after clarifying." This is after proving this after.
"Afterwards be there as Vipassana": ""There", enter into the place of no possessions, and then after exiting from there, become Vipassana as impermanent in the mind and mental states that arise; as Vipassana For the suffering; for the sick... (Omitted) Being Vipassana is to leave, he sees, watches, meditates, and observes." Afterwards, there will be Vipassana.
     "This is his true wisdom": "This is his true, factual, correct, and non-reversed wisdom." Because this is his true wisdom.
     "Finished Brahman": "Brahman", the excluded state of the Seven Dhamma is Brahman... (omitted) Those who are not dependent, like this can be called a Brahman. "Completed Brahman": "Seven common people, including seven kinds of learned, live, live together, live, and stay for those who deserve but not, who should be reached but not reached, and who should testify but not testify ( Living everywhere), the Arahat has completed, what should be done, the burden has been discharged, his own interests have been achieved, some knots have been wiped out, and he is liberated with ultimate wisdom. He is a person who has fallen into a state, has practiced... (Omitted) The reincarnation of life and death, without his rebirth." For the completed Brahman.
     Because of that, the Lord said:
     "After knowing that nothing arises, like this is a happy knot,
After        knows this in this way, then he will be vipassana there,
       This is his true wisdom: that of the completed Brahman. "
     At the same time as the verse ends... (omitted) "Dade! World Honored Master is my teacher, I am a disciple."
     The fourteenth explanation asked by the Brahman of the forced salad student [completed].


Summary:
Demonstration of liberation on the basis of nothingness (Ni.23): out of nothingness, be vipassana based on the mental states that arise, that is impermanent, suffering, disease..., realization leads to nothingness The work of making (nothing arises) is a happy knot.
  10/21/2020 06:00
