15. Statement by Brahmen, a student of Moirohn

85. [Like this, His Holiness Moiro:] I asked Shakya twice, and the eye did not
    answer for me,

And until the third time, Tian Xian, "answer" was not heard by me.

"I asked Shakya twice": The Brahman asked Buddhist, worldly questions twice, and
Worldman did not answer the question he asked [, thought]: "In the middle, the
roots of this Brahman will become familiar." "Shakya", "Shakya Worldworld is a
person from the Shakya family For Shakya. Or, "the rich, the rich, the wealthy."
Also for Shakya. For him there are these wealth, namely: credit, quit, ashamed,
ashamed, hearing about wealth, alms, wealth, wealth, remembrance, good fortune,
god wealth, root wealth, wealth, wealth, Nibbana, to These kinds of treasures
are the wealthy, the rich, the wealthy. Or, "The Probable, the Able, the Seed,
the Ample, the Hero, the Brave, the Heroic, the Courage, the Not Frightened, the
Not Frightened, The Not Frightened, The Not Frightened, The Not Runaway, Those
who have cut off terror and fear ." Also for Shakya. "I asked Shakya twice": "I
asked, begged, and asked, and made it clear again again." For me asked Shakya
twice.

"[His Holiness like this]": "Like this, the continuation of the sentence...
(cr.) "Moirrohaya", the name of the Brahman... (cl.) For [His Holiness like
this]

"The eye did not answer for me": "'Not answered for me. ', did not answer, tell,
tell, teach, build, uncover, parse, clarify, explain, explain for me. For those
with eyes, Worldview is the eye: the naked eye is the eye, the eye is also for
those who have eyes, eye is also for those who have eyes, the Buddha eye is also
for the eye, and all eyes are for those who have eyes.

How does Worldhotel use the naked eye as the eye? Worldworld's naked eye has
five colors: cyan, yellow, red, black, white. [Worldly eye hair,] in the eye
hair dwellings are blue, very blue, upright, beautiful, equal to linen (Sri
Lanka version), others are yellow, very yellow, golden, orthodox, beautiful, etc
With wings of tree flowers. The ends of Worldworld are red, very red, orthodox,
beautiful, equivalent to the chineal, black in the middle, not coarse, moist,
correct, beautiful, the same as the moist, the other The white, very white,
white, yellow-white, orthodox, beautiful, equal to the white star. To the world
to the natural individual belongs, before the good industry born of the naked
eye, he saw everything day and night, when the four darkness is also: sunset,
black [month] of Busa, dense forest, big afi Rain Cloud (Thailand Version) black
clouds appear. Like this, when he has four darkness, he saw everything day and
night. There are no walls, blinds, or walls, or mountains, or jungle, or groves,
as an obstacle to his vision. If a sesame is marked and placed in a full car of
sesame, he can choose that sesame. Like this, Worldworld's natural eye is all
over pure, and Worldworld so with the naked eye as the eye.

How is Worldview as the Eye? Worldom to clean, transcendent the eyes of heaven,
see when life and death, in life, in inferior, wonderful, beauty, ugly,
fortunate, unfortunate, unfortunate, unfortunate, in the knowledge of the whole
life flow according to the industry: "These creations, with evil deeds, , evil
deeds, rebuke the saints, wickedness and wickedness industry, they have been
born to the bitter world, evil, lower bound, hell, or these beings, with good
deeds, words of good deeds, good deeds, meaning Good deeds, do not rebuke the
Holy One, have seen and righteous practice. They have come into good interest
and heavens after their death by the disintegration of their bodies. In this
way, he saw, cleansed and beyond the eyes of man, when life and death, in life,
in inferior, wonderful, beautiful, ugly, luckily, and misfortune, knowledge of
the crews flowing. When he wishes, Worldworld can see one world, two worlds,
three worlds, four worlds, and five worlds, and ten worlds. Twenty worlds can
also be seen, and thirty worlds can also be seen, forty worlds, fifty worlds, 50
worlds, and 100 worlds, and you can see these thousand small worlds. You can
also see these two thousand middle worlds, and these three thousand thousand
worlds [AN.3.81]. Or if he wants to reach, he will see. Like this, worldly eyes
are pure, and worldly eyes as the eye.

How can Worldhotel take eye-eye as an eye? Worldworld is the Great Wise, Bohui,
Fast, Jie Hui, Li Hui, Insight,Wisdom of the kind, those who have developed
wisdom, those who have been proven to have reached no means, those who have
reached four fearless, those holding ten forces, people like cattle, people like
lions, Hyun Chun, Affordable, Wise infinitely, Glorious The fame, the wealthy,
the rich, the rich, the wealthy, the guide, the rebellier, the pacer, the
prophet, the deliberator, the person who makes it see and make it clear, that
worldship is indeed the founder of the unborn The producer of the unborn
channel, the preaching of the unborn, the knowledge of the way, the knowledge of
the knowledge, the knowledge of the way, and the knowledge of the way, and the
disciples of [their] dwelt in the way of the way, and shall be possesses.

The Worldman is indeed a Knower and Seeker, who knows and sees; is the bereaver
of the eye, the man who is born, the living of the law, the man who is born, the
man who is born, the man who is born, the man who is living, the man who is
living, the man If there is no one who does not know, not seen, unknown, not
testified, not reached by Hui, the past, future, now on all laws come to the
Buddhist, world pride of the wisdom of the field, where there is any name The
[law] that should be guided by inference can be known: one's own or the meaning
of others or both, or the meaning of the life or the meaning of both, or deep or
hidden or hidden meaning or secrecy The meaning of the meaning, or the meaning
that should be guided by inference or which has been guided to determine, or a
no-fault or pollution-free, or clear meaning or of the supreme interest,
everything is turned around within the Buddhist Chi.

All careers with Buddha, worldly wisdom; all language industry with Buddha,
worldly wisdom change; all cause, worldrespect wisdom, Buddhist wisdom about the
past is barrier-free; Buddha, Worldworld wisdom about the future is barrier-free
; As to the wisdom of the present is barrier-free, all should be guided by
inference is the point of wisdom; all wisdom is what should be guided by
inference, and should be guided by the ultimate wisdom of the inference; Wisdom
should be guided by the ultimate inference, beyond should be guided inference
after wisdom does not turn up; beyond wisdom should not be guided by the way of
inference, these laws live in mutual limits, such as two boxes are completely
Contact, the lid below the box does not cross the above; above the lid does not
cross the below, is to live in mutual restrictions. [Similarly,] all the things
that should be guided by inference is wisdom; all wisdom is what should be
guided by inference, the ultimate wisdom that should be guided by inference; the
ultimate wisdom of wisdom should be To guide inference, beyond should be guided
by the postwisdom of inference; beyond wisdom has no way to be guided by
inference, these laws live in mutual limits.

Buddhist, worldly wisdom turned up in all laws, all laws for Buddha, worldly
steering, hope, mind, heart, Buddha, worldhood in all living beings, worldom
knows all living beings Intent, know the potential trend of trouble, know
behavior, know the solution (ambition), know about less dirt, much dirt; the
root, blunt root; good deeds, evil deeds; easy to teach, unteachable; The beings
with power and power, including heaven, demon, and in the world of Van,
including Salmon, Brahmen, Heaven, and the generations of men turn throughout
the Buddha Chi.

If any fish, turtle, and even the big fish of the boat, turn in the sea, the
same, including the worlds of heaven, including the world of demons, including
the world of Van; including Salmon, Brahmen, Heaven, and the generations of man
are within Buddha Chi Turn up all over. Such as any bird and even the
goldwingbirds of the great children of Verna turn in the void. In the same way,
those who have the same wisdom as Sharif they turn in the field of the Buddhist
Chi. Buddha Zhi all over, beyond the heavenly people after the Hui lived.

Those who are wise Chardaliers, wise Brahmen, wise owners, wise Salmonds, smart
dissidents, sharp breakers want to do evil opinions in the gesture of wisdom,
they prepare problems later to see , and then asked the hidden and hidden
[rationality], those questions were talked about and answered by Worldman for
explaining reasons, and nearly abandoned those who became worldly [disciples],
when Worldom was there that "Ehui" Glorious. Worldhotel so with eyes as an eye.

Worldhotel such a Buddha eye as an eye? Worldly observes the world with the
Buddha's eye, seeing less dirt, much dirt; the lagan, blunt root; the deeds of
good deeds, evil deeds; easily taught, uneducated; some of the sins and horrors
that live in seeing in other worlds The [、Others do not live in seeing sin and
terror in other worlds of beings]。 Like in the green lotus pool, red lotus
pool, white lotus pool, some green lotus, red lotus, white lotus live in the
water, grow in the water, depending on the water, shen in the underwater growth;
some green lotus, red lotus, white lotus are born in the water, grow in In the
water, with the waterAnd dwelt high; some green lotus, red lotus, and white
lotus are born in the water, long in the water, rising out of the water, and
dwelt without being stained Similarly, worldly observes the world with the
Buddha's eye, seeing less dirt, much dirt; the lagan, blunt root; the deeds of
good deeds, evil deeds; the teaching, uneducated; some of those who live in
other worlds Sin and terror [, others do not live in seeing sin and terror in
other worlds] [DN.14, 69 para. Worldworld knows: "This man is a corrupt man,
this person is a trader, this man is a trader, this man is a walker, this person
is a believer, this man is a wise walker." Worldworld speaks unclear to the
corrupt. Worldworld informs the practice of Mercy to the people of the Parker
Worldroom for the dementer to rest in recitation, questioning, hearing of timely
law, discussion of timely law, teacher's cohabitation. Worldworld informs the
whoever sought. Worldworld tells the believers who believe in confidence: the
good consciousness of the Buddha, the good law of the law, the good practice of
the monk and his own ring. Worldworld told the wise man of the wise man that the
phase of Basha: inconstant, bitterness, and without me.

"If you stand at the top of the rock mountain, you can see all the people,

Likewise, the good, and all the eyes, go up the high buildings of the law,

And those who have gone away, look at those who are sadly and conquered by life
and old

Please get up! Heroes! The winner on the battlefield! The leader of the merchant
team, the unindebted in the world,

Worldworld! Please teach the law! Will (will) have the knowledge. [DN.14, para.
69]

Worldhotel so treat the Buddha's eye as the eye.

How can Worldhotel take all eyes as an eye? All eyes are called the state of all
knowing wisdom. Worldworld arrival (with), full arrival (with), entry, full
entry, full, fully sufficient, with all knowledge of the state wisdom.

"For him there is nothing unseen here, and there is no knowledge, and cannot be
known,

He testifies that whosoever exists should be guided by inference, as it is for
all eyes. [Ps.1, para. 121]

Worldhotel so with all eyes as an eye." For those with eyes did not answer for
me.

"And it was not until the third time, the answer was not heard by me": "Until
the third time the Buddha, the master of the law answered the question, and did
not make it go." This is how I learn, so I understand, and this is discerned by
me. "Tenxian", "Worldworld is the Tenjin and Fairy. For Tianxian. For example,
"The King was called the king immortal; the Brahman was called the Brahman Sin,
the same is the angels and immortals." For Tianxian.

Or, 'Worldworld is a man. ' Also for the fairy; "The Seeker, Seeker, Seeker" is
also the fairy... (medium); Dingyun... (medium) Dahui Yun... Great relief...
"Great relief of wisdom seeker, seeker "The Seeker" is also fairy; "Shattered
Seeker, Seeker, Seeker, Seeker" is also fairy; "upside down of destruction
seeker, seeker, seeker" is also fairy; the longing love of thorns Pull out...
big see the accumulation of unravelling... the big slow flag... the rest of the
big storm... big burdens down... big round rotations off... the elimination of
great annoyance... great annoyance... Stop interest... make the big flags
stand... the big reckon... (medium) the great diligence... the great roots...
all great powers... all great senses... Big eight holy... the greatest interests
of the undead Nibbana The Seeker, Seeker, Seeker" is also fairy; "Seeking by the
Great Power, Seeking, Pursuit, Seeking: Where is the Buddha? Where is
Worldplace? Where is the Tenjin in Tenjin? Where is the Cow King in Man? Also
for fairy people." And until the third time, Tian Xian, "answer" was not heard
by me.

Because then, the Brahman said:

"[Like this, His Holiness Moiro:] I asked Shakya twice, and those with eyes did
not answer for me,

"The answer was not heard until the third time Tien Xian."

86. This world, other worlds, and the worlds of the heaven, including the
    angels,

I do not know your see: the famous Jo Tamo.

"This world, other worlds": "This world is a human world. "Other worlds" are all
the worlds except the world of men. For this world, other worlds.

"The world of the heaven, including the angels": "Heavens, demons, and the world
of Van; including Salmon, Brahmen, Heaven, and the generation of men." For the
world of the world, including the angels.

"Do not know what you see": "The world does not know what you see, likes,
hobbies, claims, intentions, intentions, intentions: 'This is thisSo those who
see, so like, so enthusiasts, so advocates, so intents, so intents" do not know,
do not see, do not see, do not get, cannot find, do not get." For not knowing
your see.

"The reputation of Jo Tamo": "Worldworld is the winner of fame." For those who
have a reputation, or, "Worldrespect is the benefit of those who are honored,
revered, respected, respected, respected, clothes, food, shelter, patient needs,
medical necessities." Also for the reputable." For the famous Jo Tamo.

Because then, the Brahman said:

"This world, and other worlds, the world of the heaven, including the angels,

Do not know thy see: the famous Jo Tamoth.

87. Such excellent viewers, with the need to come with problems,

How to observe the world, the death king can not see?

"Such excellent viewers": "Such excellent viewers, first viewers, the winning
viewers, the winning viewers, the top viewers, the top viewers, the supreme
viewers." For such an excellent viewer.

"There is a need to come with the problem": "In order to question I need to
come... (medium) please take on this burden." It is also necessary to come with
the question.

"How to observe the people of the world": "How to observe the world, the
provist, the gauge, the judge, the difference, the clear." How to observe the
world.

"Dead King can not see": "The dead king can not see, see, not see, not get, can
not find, not get." For the dead king can not see.

Because then, the Brahman said:

"Such excellent viewers, with the need to come with questions,

How to observe those in the world, and the king of death can not see?

88. please observe that the world is empty: Mo Yulo! Always mindfully,

After I was pulled away, so that he could become a man of death.

So those who observe the world, the King of Death can not see.

"Please observe that the world is empty": the world of hell, the world of the
beasts, the worlds of evil worlds, the worlds of mankind, the world of heaven,
the worlds of the worlds, the worlds of worlds, the worlds of the world, the
world of Other worlds, the worlds of the heaven, including the [world] of
heaven. A Bichu said so to Worldend [SN.35.82]: "Dade! Known as the "world, the
world", Daedeu! What is called the "world"?" "Bichu! "Broken", so it is called
the "world." And what is "broken"? Bichu! Eye is broken, color is broken, eye is
broken, eye touch is broken, all with this eye for origin or pleasure, or
bitter, or not suffering are also broken. Ear is broken... (medium) smell is
broken... As broken, touched as broken... means fragmented, the law is broken,
consciousness is broken, the touch is broken, where this sense is born or music,
or bitter, or Do not suffer suffer are also broken. Bichu! "Breakdown," is
called the "world."

"Please observe that the world is empty": to observe that the world is empty for
two reasons: for consideration of not being turned away or because of the empty
line. How can we observe the world is empty because of the consideration of not
being turned up? There is no comfort on the color, the freedom in the subject,
the freedom to think, the freedom on the line, the freedom in the sense is not
available. This is said by Worldman [SN.22.59]: "The Picchu! The color is
without me. Bichu! Because if this color was me, it would not cause disease, and
it would be in the color: 'My color should be like this; I don't have to do it.
' But, the Bichu! Because the color is without me, so the color causes disease,
and it cannot be found in the color: 'My color shall be like this; do not my
color. '

Bichu! subject to being without me. Bichu! For if this is me, it will not cause
disease, but it will be obtained in it: 'This is my cause; so do not my bear. '
But, the Bichu! For it is not me, and therefore the resulting disease is not
received: 'This is my receiving; so do not my suffer. '

Bichu! Want to be without me. Bichu! Because, if this thought was me, this
thought would not cause disease, it would also get in the subject: "I want this;
I want it not." But, the Bichu! Because I want to be without me, so I want to
cause disease, I can't think: 'I want this; what I want is not. '

Bichu! Line is no me. Bichu! Because if this line was me, the line would not
cause disease, and it would get on the line: 'This is my line; my line doesn't.
' But, the Bichu! Because the line is without me, therefore, the line causes
disease, also on the line does not get:"This shall be my deed; I do not do it."

Bichu! Knowing is no me. Bichu! For if this knowledge was me, it would not cause
disease, but it would be obtained in knowledge: 'This is my knowledge; do not my
knowledge. ' But, the Bichu! For knowledge is not me, therefore knowledge which
leads to disease is not known: 'This is my knowledge; so do not my knowledge. '

This is said by Worldman [SN.12.37]: "The Bichu This body is not yours, nor of
others, Bichu! This is an old industry that should be seen as being made,
created by thought, and can be felt. There, the Picchu! The disciples of the
hearing of the Holy Disciples do well: "Like this, when this exists, there is
that; by the birth of this, it is born; when this does not exist, there is no
one; and with this extinction, then that Destroying, that is: by the reason of
ignorance; knowing by behavior; by recognition and fame; with fame and six; to
six for the touch; to the touch; by the fate of the thirst; to be thirsty; to
Thirst for the fate of love; to take for the fate of there; to have a life; to
life and have old, death, sorrow, sorrow, bitterness, worry, despair, this is
the whole set of bitterness.

But it perished by the unclear fade and destruction; and by extermination;...
(medium) in life and old, death, sorrow, sorrow, bitterness, fear, and despair,
so this is the destruction of this whole bitterness." In this way, the world is
empty because of the consideration of not being turned up.

How can we observe that the world is empty because of the empty line? In the
color of the solid can not get, in the solid can not get in the mind of the
solid can not get, in the line of solid can not get, in the sense of solid can
not get. Color of solid solid, or with joy of solid solid, or with my solid
solid, or constant, or eternal, or constant, or constant, or with constant
method is unfirm, no solid, left solid; subject to... (medium) is non-solid, no
solid, left solid; subject to... is non-solid, no solid, left solid; want... is
not solid, no solid, leave solid; line... is not solid, no solid, no solid,
Leaving the solid; to recognize the solid of everlasting, or with joy of solid,
or with my solid, or permanent, or constant, or constant, or unfirm, without
firm, leave Solid, such as the reed is not solid, without solid, left solid, and
such as castor... (medium) and such as the yumu bowls are unsolid, no solid,
left solid, and such as Shedakadka is not solid, no solid, away from solid, and
as tight Uncle Ga tree is not solid, no solid, left solid, and if the bubbles
are unsolid, no solid, leave solid, and if the blisters are not solid, no solid,
leave Solid, and if the flame of the sun is not solid, unsolid, and departs from
the firm, and if the trunk of the plantain is unfirm, unsolid, unsolid, and
unsolid, unsolid, depart from solid. Similarly, the color is always solid solid,
or with the joy of solid solid, or with my solid solid, or permanent, or
constant, or constant, or in immutable method is unsolid, no solid, left solid ;
subject to... (medium) is non-solid, no solid, left solid; subject... is not
solid, no solid, left solid; want... is not solid, no solid, left solid; line...
is not solid, no Solid, depart from the solid; to recognize the constant solid
solid, or with joy of the solid solid, or with my solid, or permanent, or
constant, or constant, or in constant law is unfirm, no solid, Leave solid. This
is to observe that the world is empty because of the empty line. Observing the
world is empty for these two reasons.

Or, to observe that the world is empty for six reasons: the eye is empty in me,
or by what I do, or eternal, or eternal, or constant, or in constant, or
immutable; the ear... is empty; the subject is empty; the subject is empty;
think ... is empty; walk... is empty; recognize me, or in what I do, or in
eternity, or eternal, or in constant, or immutable; color... (medium) is empty;
sound... is empty; the smell... ... is empty; the taste... is empty; the touch
is empty; the law of me, or in my own, or eternal, or eternal, or eternal, or in
constant, or immutable, is empty; the sight... (medium) is empty; consciousness
... is empty; the eye touch... is empty; Intentional touch... is empty; the
voice of the eye touch... is empty; the idea... is empty; the idea... is empty;
the idea... is empty; color thought... is empty; Farsi... is empty; the thirst
love of color... is empty; colorSeek... is empty; the color servo... is empty;
the law shall serve me, or in my place, or in eternity, or eternal, or in
constant, or immutable, so that the world is empty for six reasons.

Or, to observe that the world is empty for ten reasons: color is left,
hypocritical, empty, without me, false, murderer, nothing, the unfortunate root,
the troubled, there is something; by... ... OK... know... {dead}
[interesting]... life... born... there (exist)... revolve... rotation is
discarded, hypocritical, empty, without me, false, murderer, nothing, misfortune
The root, troubled, there are things to do, so observe the world is empty for
ten reasons.

Or, to observe that the world is empty for twelve reasons: Color is not beings,
not life, not human, not student Brahmen, not women, not men, not true me, not
me, not me, not me, not My, not anyone, not anyone, not of anyone; by...
(medium) wanted... to know not living beings, not life, not human beings, not
students Brahmen, not women, not men, not true me, It is not mine, not me, not
mine, not anyone, not of any man, not of anyone, so that the world is empty for
twelve reasons.

This is said by Worldman [SN.22.33]: "The Bichu And whosoever is not you, give
off! And if it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and
peace for you. And, the Picchu! What's not yours? Bichu! The color is not yours,
and ye shall be discarded. And when it has been cut off, it will surely have a
lasting interest and peace for you; and the Picchu! Be disconnected from those
who are not you. And when it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting
interest and peace for you; and the Picchu! Thinking of not you, you shall be
dismissed! And when it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest
and peace for you; and the Picchu! Do not you, and you shall be discarded. And
when it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and peace for
you; and the Picchu! And those who know not you, let ye be discarded. And if it
has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and peace for you.
Bichu! And whosoever is not you, give off! It will surely be good for you and
peace, if it has been cut off. Bichu! As in this woods, people will take grass,
fuelwood, branches, leaves, or burned, or do whatever he wants, you will think,
"People take us away, or burn them, or do whatever he wants." Is it?" "No, Dade!
What's the reason for that? Dade! For this is not me, nor is it me." "Same,
Bichu! And whosoever is not you, give off! And if it has been cut off, it will
surely have a lasting interest and peace for you. And, the Picchu! What's not
yours? Bichu! The color is not yours, and ye shall be discarded. If it has been
cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and peace for you; by...
(medium) wanting... walk... Bichu! And those who know not you, let ye be
discarded. "If it has been cut off, it will surely have a lasting interest and
peace for you."

His Holiness Anan said this to Worldworld [SN.35.85]: "Known as "The world is
empty, the world is empty", the great virtue! What is called "the world is
empty"?" "Anan! Because I or I am empty, it is called 'the world is empty. ' Ah
Nan! What is to me or what I am empty? Ah Nan! Eye to me or what I am empty,
color... (medium) is empty, eyes... is empty, eye touch... is empty, whosoever
is born with this eye touch or fun, or bitter, or not hard to suffer also to me
or what I am empty, ear... Is empty, sound... is empty, smell... is empty,
taste... is empty, body... is empty, touched... is empty, meaning... is empty,
law... is empty, consciousness... is empty, meaning... is empty, meaning... is
empty, meaning... is empty, meaning... is empty, For the sake of joy, or
bitterness, or not bitter, and not to suffer, also to me or what I am empty. Ah
Nan! Because I or I am empty, it is called 'the world is empty. '" It is also
observing that the world is empty.

"It is purely the birth of law, purely a sequel of lines,

For the truth see, the village chief! He has no fear. [Thag.715]"

"The same grass in the world, when Emily saw, [Thag.716]

Will not ask for anything else: in other birthplace."

It is also observing that the world is empty.

This is said by Worldman [SN.35.246]: "Same, Bichu! Picchu explore the color
until the fun of all colors; to explore all the interesting places; to find out,
until all the interesting places you want; explore the line until the fun of all
rows; explore the fun of all rows; explore Known, until all the interesting
places of knowledge, when he looks for color, until the fun of all
colors...OK... Seek knowledge until all the interesting places of knowledge are
timely, for whom there is no one who "me," or "mine," or "I am". It is also
observing that the world is empty.

"Please observe that the world is empty": "The world is empty, please observe,
please see, please measure, please judge, ask you to figure it out." To ask you
to observe that the world is empty.

"Moyulok! "Always mindful": "Moylo," Worldman named the Brahman by name.
"Always", all the time... (medium) old age. "Mindfulness (of)" is mindful in
four ways: when practicing on the body is mindful... (medium) he is called the
mindful." For Moyuloo! Always mindful.

"After pulling me": "I am on sight" is known as twenty personas. Here, the
ordinary man who has not heard of the Holy One has not seen the Holy One, not
proficient in the law of the Holy One, and not trained in the law of the good;
he who has not seen the good man, and is not skilled in the law of the good man,
and thinks that color is Me, Or I own color, or color in me, or I am in color,
subject to... (medium) want... OK... think that it is me, or I have knowledge,
or I know in me, or I am in knowledge [SN.22.1], where like this Seen, evil
opinion, jungle view, desert, distorted, shaken, bound, seize, accept, hold,
execute, evil way, evil path, evil, evil, outward, outward, reversed (
vipariyesa) clasp, viparīta clasp, upside down (vipallāsa) clasp, wicked clasp,
"[see] true on non-real [see] The clenchor, all came to the place of Sixty-two
evil views, which I met. "After pulling me off": "After I saw pulling, after
eradication, after pulling out, after pulling out, after removal, after removal,
completely removed, after disconnection, deportation, after end, so that it went
to absent." For the removal of me after I met.

"This can become a degree of death": "So you can get rid of death, you can also
get rid of aging, you can also take off death, you can surpass, you can pass,
you can overcome." In order to be able to become a deceased person.

"Such observation of the world": "Observe, measure, judge, distinguish, figure
out the world." For this kind of observation of the world.

"The King of Death Invisible": "Death is the king of death; Devil is also the
king of death; death is also the king of death. "Invisible", the King of Death
can not see, see, do not get, cannot find, not get. This is said by Worldman
[MN.25]: "Bichu! Like a deer living in the forest, when walking in the forest,
in the forest, walking safely, standing with peace of mind, sitting safely,
lying down with peace of mind, what is the reason? Bichu! That's an unreachable
area for the murderer. Same, Bichu! Here, Bichu from desire, from bad law, after
entering into the search, servo, born joy, joy of the first Zen, Bichu! This is
known as Bichu Blind, after killing the eyes of the magic, wave into the
invisible and insufficiency state.

Besides, the Bichu! Bichu to find and servo calm, confident, one heart, enter
into the infinity, serveless, regular joy, happy second Zen... (middle) third
Zen... After entering live in no bitter, by the calm and read the net fourth
Zen, Picchu! This is known as Bichu Blind, after killing the eyes of the magic,
wave into the invisible and insufficiency state.

Besides, the Bichu! Bichu in all colors want to go beyond, to have the right to
want, to do not want all kinds of thought [and know]: "Void is endless", enter
into the void infinity, Bichu! This is known as Bichu Blind, after killing the
eyes of the magic, wave into the invisible and insufficiency state.

Besides, the Bichu! After Bichu goes beyond all the void [know]: "knowledge is
infinitely", enter into the infinity of knowledge... (medium).

Besides, the Bichu! Bichu went beyond everything to know the infinity [and
know]: "Nothing", enter after entering there is nothing... (middle).

Besides, the Bichu! After bichu beyond everything, enter after living in the
thought... (medium slightly).

Besides, the Bichu! Bichu went beyond everything, after entering to live in want
to be destroyed, after seeing, his troubles were destroyed, Bichu! This is known
as the Bicchu demon blind, killing the eyes of the magic, wave into the
invisible and inadequacy state, defiance of the world's obsession. He walked
with peace of mind, stood safely, sat in peace of mind, lying with peace of
mind. What is that reason? Bichu is an unreachable area for Hoshin. Unseen for
the King of Death.

Because then, Worldman said:

"Please observe that the world is empty: Moiulo! Always mindfully,

After I was pulled away, so that he could become a man of death.

So those who observe the world, the king of death will not see."

At the end of the Ode... (medium) "Daedeu! Worldson is my teacher, I am a
disciple."

The fifteenth of the instructions asked by Brahmen, a student of Morolaus
[Completed].



Excerpt:

1. Observe the world is empty (I or my empty, SA.232/SN.35.85) certificate
   release.

2. Observing the world is empty for two reasons: because of considerations of
   not being turned away (without me) or because of empty lines (no firm)
   belief.

10/23/2020 15:51

