16. Explanations asked by the Brahmin from Binchia students

89. [Venerable Binchia like this:] I am old, feeble, and colorless, my eyes are
    impure, my ears are uneasy,

Don't let me perish dullly on the way, please explain the method I can know,
here is the separation of birth and aging.

"I am aging, powerless, and colorless": "'I am aging", aging, old, old and old,
reaching the old age, 120 years old since birth. "The", the weak, the less
powerful, and the less powerful. "The colorless", the colorless, the colorless,
and the color disappeared. The beautiful and beautiful before, that has
disappeared, and the trouble has appeared." I am old, feeble, and colorless.

"[Like this Venerable Binqiya]": ""Like this", the continuation of the
sentence... (abbreviated) "Venerable", [this is] love language... (abbreviated)
"Binqiya", who The name of the Brahmin... (abbreviated) is called." It is
[Venerable Binqiya like this].

"The eyes are impure and the ears are restless": ""The eyes are impure, impure,
impure, impure, impure, so that I can't see colors with my eyes." Impure. "Ears
are uneasy." The ears are impure, impure, impure, impure, and white. In this
way, I cannot hear the sound with my ears." The eyes are impure, The ears are
restless.

"Don't let me perish dullly on the way": "Don't let me perish", don't let me
perish, don't let me disappear, don't let me perish. Don't let me perish.
"Dullly", ignorantly (Roman pinyin version avidvā), has entered ignorant,
ignorant, indiscriminate, and inferior. "On the way", you will die on the way if
you do not know your Dhamma, see, path, or Tao, after you have not obtained it,
after you have not possessed it, after you have not received it, and without
testifying. "Not to let me perish dullly on the way.

"Please explain the Dhamma that I can know": """Dhamma", the beginning is good,
the middle is good, and the end is good; the meaning is correct and the wording
is correct; only the perfect and pure Brahma: four mindfulness , Four Zhengqin,
Four Divine Feet, Five Senses, Five Powers, Seven Enlightenment Factors, Eight
Sacred Paths, Nibbana and Paths Leading to Nibbana. Please explain, teach,
inform, establish, and expose Open, please analyze, please clarify, please
explain. "For you to explain the method. "I can know," I can know, know,
disagree, know for sure, understand, prove, reach, and testify. "For you to
explain the method: I can understand it.

"Here is the renunciation of birth and senescence": "Here is the renunciation of
birth, senescence, and death, cessation, cessation, cessation, immortality, and
Nibbana." For there is the renunciation of birth and senility.

Because of that, the brahmin said:

"[Venerable Binchia like this:] I am old, feeble, and colorless, my eyes are
impure, my ears are uneasy,

Don't let me perish dullly on the way, please explain the method I can know,
here is the separation of birth and aging. "

90. [World Zun: "Pinchia!"] After seeing the annoyed by sex: the unrestrained
    people are "annoyed" by sex,

Binchia! So you become a perpetrator: you should abandon color in order to no
longer have it.

"After seeing the person who is annoyed by color": "Lose", the color created by
the four and the four. All sentient beings are beaten, killed, hurt, and annoyed
because of their physical causes, physical conditions, and physical causes. When
there is color, various penalties are imposed: whipping, beating with a stick,
beating with a stick, cutting off hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears
and nose, punishing with sour porridge and baldness , Luohou mouth torture, fire
torture, candle hand torture, drive torture, bark torture, antelope torture,
hook torture, money torture, alkaline bath torture, torsion torture, straw foot
torture, hot oil, to bite , The living order pierced and beheaded with a sword,
so that sentient beings were beaten, killed, hurt, and annoyed by the physical
cause, physical condition, and physical cause. In this way, the person who was
beaten, killed, injured, and annoyed saw, saw, weighed, judged, separated, and
clarified. "For after seeing it on the person who was annoyed by sex.

"[World Zun: "Binqiya!"]": ""Binqiya", the Blessed One calls the Brahman by his
name. "World Zun", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri
(pseudonym) who testifies, That is the World Honored." is [World Honored:
"Binqiya!"].

"Lose people are "annoyed" in color": ""They are annoyed", "They are annoyed,
angry, annoyed, annoyed, and become sick and worried. Annoyed and angry by eye
diseases , To be annoyed, to be annoyed, to become a patient, a worry; Being
irritated by ear...(slightly) Being ill...(slightly) being annoyed, angered,
annoyed, and annoyed by the contact of fly mosquitoes, winds, suns, and snakes,
becoming sick and worrying. "It means being "annoyed" in color.

Or, "They are irritated when the eyes disappear, lose, decline, dissipate,
leave, diminish, disappear... (omitted) they become [patients,] worryers; in the
ears... (omitted) in the nose... Tongue...in the body...in the color...in the
sound...in the smell...in the taste...in the touch...at home...in the group
(congregation)...in the residence...in the gain...in the fame... Praising...in
pleasure...in clothes...in the shelter...in the housing...when the patients’
needs and medical necessities disappear, lose, decline, dissipate, leave,
diminish, and disappear, they are annoyed and angry , Be annoyed, be annoyed,
become a patient, a worry. "This is also "annoyed" in color.

"people" are Kshatriya, Brahman, Vaisha, Sudra, layman, monk, heaven, and
person. "Relaxed", it means that in the evil deeds of the body, or in the evil
deeds of speech, or in the evil deeds of the mind, or on the five desires, it
can be turned away, and the abandonment of the heart does not arise. Or the
state of no respect for the practice of the practice, the state of impermanence,
the state of non-stop working, the state of being stuck in the habit, the state
of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting responsibility, not practicing,
not practicing, not much Practice, do not establish, do not practice, let go.
Anything like this state of letting go, letting go, and letting go is called
letting go. People who possess these eases. "People who want to relax are
"annoyed" in color.

"Binchia! So you become a person who does not let go": "Therefore", therefore;
the reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, when seeing such troubles in
the colors." ! Therefore you. "He who does not let go" is a respectful author, a
regular author... (abbreviated) In the good law [the person who does not neglect
the responsibility and] the person who does not let go. "It's Binchia! So you
become the one who does not let go.

"Rule should be discarded in order to no longer have color": "[Rule], the color
created by the four elements. "Rule should be discarded", color should be
discarded, color should be discarded, color should be discarded, color should be
discarded, and color should be discarded. As the final form, you should make the
form go to non-existence. "In order to no longer exist." According to this, your
form will be destroyed here, and the reborn form will not arise; in the desire
realm, or in the physical realm, or In the non-material realm, or in desire, or
in material existence, or in colorless existence, or in existence, or in desire
to exist, or in non-imaginary, or non-imaginative, or in one aggregate, or in
four aggregates , Or in the five aggregates, or in the further interest, or in
the rebirth, or in the incarnation, or in the existence, or in the
reincarnation, or in the rotation will not cause it to produce, not cause it to
arise, or cause The birth, right here, will be destroyed, will be calmed down,
will go to non-existence, will cease." Because it should be abandoned for the
sake of no more.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Pinchia!"] After seeing those who were annoyed by sex: People who
are free are "annoyed" by sex,

Binchia! So you become a perpetrator: you should abandon color in order to no
longer have it. "

91. The square, the middle square of the square, the upper and lower ten
    directions,

There is nothing in the world, you have not seen, heard or knew,

Please explain the method that I can know, where there is a break between birth
and aging.

"Four squares, the middle square of the four squares, the upper and lower ten
directions": ten directions.

"There is nothing in the world, you have not seen, heard, or knew": there is
nothing you have not seen, heard or realized: your own interests, or the
interests of others, or both, or when The interest of life, or the interest of
the future life, or the obvious interest, or the deep interest, or the hidden
interest, or the hidden interest, or the injustice interest, or the righteous
interest, or the innocent interest, or Non-polluting interests, or pure
interests, or the highest interests [the interests], which [they] do not, do not
exist, are not known, and are not discovered. "Because there is nothing in the
world, you have not seen, heard or knew.

"Please explain the Dhamma that I can know": ""Dhamma", the beginning is good...
(omitted) Nibbana and the path leading to Nibbana, please explain, please teach,
please inform, please establish, please You uncover, please analyze, please
clarify, please explain. "I can know," I can know, can know, can not, can know
for sure, can penetrate, can achieve, can reach, Can testify." For you to
explain the law: I can know by it.

"Here is the renunciation of birth and senescence": "Here is the renunciation of
birth, senescence, and death, cessation, cessation, cessation, immortality, and
Nibbana." For there is the renunciation of birth and senility.

because of thatSo, the brahmin said:

"Four squares, the middle square of the squares, here are ten directions up and
down,

There is nothing in the world, you have not seen, heard or knew,

Please explain the method that I can know, where there is a break between birth
and aging. "

92. [World Zun: "Penchia!"] Watching people who fall into thirsty, being
    tortured and annoyed by aging,

Binchia! Therefore you become the one who does not let go: you should give up
your thirst for no longer.

"Watching the people who fall into thirst": "The thirst of "thirst for love"...
(in the middle) the thirst of Dhamma. "Deep into thirst", fall into thirst; be
thirsty to go with; be thirsty Those who follow; those who are followed by
craving; those who are taken down by craving; those who are overthrown,
conquered, and whose hearts are plundered by craving. "People" are synonymous
with beings. "Watching", watching, seeing Watching, watching, watching, and
observing.” To watch people who are falling into love.

"[World Zun: "Binqiya!"]": ""Binqiya", the Blessed One calls the Brahman by his
name. "World Zun", this is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri
(pseudonym) who testifies, That is the World Honored." is [World Honored:
"Binqiya!"].

"Being tortured by aging and being born with heat": ""Born by heat and by heat,"
by birth and by heat, by by aging and by heat, by by illness and by heat, by by
death and by heat, by by sorrow and sorrow Desperate and annoyed to live, to
fall into hell and tormented to live... (slightly omitted), to see loss and
tormented to live, to heat up to live, to be annoyed with heat, disaster,
disaster, disaster "Being tormented by aging" means being touched, tortured,
combined, possessed by aging, followed by birth, followed by old, conquered by
disease, struck by death, no shelter, no refuge, and nothingness Refuge, those
who have no refuge." To be afflicted by aging.

"Binchia! So you become the one who does not let go": "Therefore, therefore; the
reason; the cause; the condition; the cause, when you see such a trouble in
craving for love." ! Therefore you. "Those who do not let go" are respectful
authors and regular authors... (omitted) those who do not neglect responsibility
and those who do not let go in good law. "It's Binchia! So you become the one
who does not let go.

"We should give up thirst in order to no longer have thirst": "The thirst of
"thirst for love"... (in the abbreviated) Dhamma thirst. "Should give up
thirst", should give up thirst, should give up thirst, should Give up thirst,
should drive away thirst, should end thirst, and should make thirst go to
non-existence. "In order to no longer exist", depending on your... (omitted)
[thirst will be destroyed here ,] The rebirth will not arise; in the world of
desire, or in the world of craving, or in the world of no craving, or in the
world of craving, or in craving, or in the world of craving, or thinking There
is, or in the non-thinking to be, or in the non-thinking, or in the one
aggregate, or in the four aggregates, or in the five aggregates, or in the
further interest, or in the rebirth, or in the knot, Or in existence, or in
reincarnation, or in reincarnation, it will not be produced, will not arise,
will not be produced, just here will be destroyed, will be calmed, will go to
non-existence, will cease "Because we should give up thirst for love no longer.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Pinchia!"] Watching people who fall in love, being tortured and
annoyed by aging,

Binchia! Therefore you become the one who does not let go: you should give up
your thirst for no longer. "

At the same time as the chanting ends, for those who have the same intention,
same endeavor, same intention, and same dwelling place as the Brahmins, the
distant dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any
collection of dhammas is an extinction." The Brahman’s mind was freed from all
defilements without clinging. With the gain of the Dhamma vision, the sheepskin
clothes, knots, bark clothes, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair and
beards disappeared, becoming bald heads, robes and cloth clothes, Holders of
overcoats, bowls, and clothes, clasp their hands together to respect the Blessed
One, and sit down: "Great Virtue! The Blessed One is my teacher, and I am a
disciple."

The sixteenth explanation asked by the Brahmin from the Binchia student
[Completed].





Summary:

What should I do when I get old? We should abandon thirst in order to no longer
have it.

10/26/2020 16:40


