16. Statement by Brahmen, a student of Binchia
 89. [Like this, His Holiness Binchia:] I am aging, powerless, impure, the eyes are impure, and the ears are uneasy,
 Let me not perish foolishly on the way, explain the law I can know, where there is a break between birth and aging.
 “I am aging, powerless, colourless”: “I am aging, old, old, old and old, have reached the age of old age, and have been 100 and twenty years since birth. The weak, the weak, the less powerful, the less powerful. “Colorless”, colorless, away from the color, the color disappears. Whosoever was wonderful before, it disappeared, and the oversuffering has appeared.” For me is aging, powerless, colorless.
 “[His Holiness Binchia like this]”: “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence... “His Holiness”, [this is] the word of love... (cr.) “Binkia”, the name of the Brahman... Name.” For [His Holiness Bincia like this].
 “The eyes are impure, and the ears are unhappy”: ““Eyes are impure, unclean, unclear, unclean, unwhitening, so I see no colors in my eyes.” For the eye is impure. “The ear is unhappy,” the ear is impure, unclean, unclean, unwhitening, so I can not hear voice in my ear. For the eye is impure, the ear is unease.
 “Do not let me perish in the way fool”: “Do not let me perish”, let me not perish, let me not go away, let me not perish, let me not perish. Do not let me perish. “Fool”, unwise (roman pinyin avidvā), has entered ignorance, unwise, inseparately, inferior. “On the way”, your law, see, traces, unknowns, after not obtained, not possessed, after not receiving, and failing to testify, will die on the way. To let me not perish foolishly on the way.
 “Please explain the law that I can know”: “Law” begins with good, the middle is good, the end is good; meaning is correct, the word is correct; only a complete and clean practice: four remembrance, four righteousness, four gods, Five, five forces, seven, eight holy paths, Nibbana and the guide Nibbana, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover, please explain, please explain, please explain, please explain.” For you to explain the law. “I know,” I know, know, know, do not, know, know, permeate, witness, reach, and testify. To ask you to explain the law: according to which I can know.
 “Here there is a break between birth and aging”: “There are birth, aging, death severance, calm, conception, stop, undead, Nibbana.” For here there is a break between birth and aging.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “[His Holiness Binchia, such as this:] I am aging, powerless, impure, the eyes are impure, and the ears are uneasy,
 Let me not perish foolishly on the way, explain the law that I can know, where there is a break between birth and aging.”
 90. [Worldhotel: “Binzia!”] After seeing on those who are annoyed by color: Relaxing people are “annoyed” in color,
 Bincia! So you become an uncomfortable person: should be so that there is no more discarded color.
 “After seeing on those who are annoyed by color”: “color”, the four and four big color. The color, color, color reason was beaten, killed, hurt, annoyed. When colored, punished with all kinds of punishments: whipping, beating with sticks, beating with canes, cutting hands, feet, hands and feet, ear, nose, ear and nose, sour porridge, bald, Luo Hou mouth, fire, candlestick Penalties, Expulsion, Bark, Antelope, Hook Meat, Money, Alkali Bath, Reversing Door Latches, Straw Foot Stalking, Hot Oil, Dogs Bite, Live Order Puncture, With Sword Chopped Head, So Genesis, Color 、Color reason was hit, killed, hurt, annoyed. So the beaten, the murdered, the injured, the annoyed, after seeing, after seeing, after measuring, after judgment, after each, after the separation, after the figure out.” To see it on those who are annoyed by color.
 “[Worldhotel: 'Bincea! ']” : ““Bingchia,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” for [Worldhotel: “Bincea!”].
 “Relaxing people are “annoyed”: “'They are annoyed. ''They are annoyed, angry, persecuted, annoyed, annoyed; they become sick and worried. Be annoyed by eye disease, angry, persecuted, annoyed, become a patient, a worried person; by ear disease... (medium) by physical illness... (medium) by the contact of the fly mosquito wind sun snake annoyed, angry, persecuted, annoyed, become sick, worried. To be annoyed in color.
 Or, “when the eye disappears, lost, decayed, dissipated, departed, reduced, destroyed, they are annoyed... (medium) to become [patient,] concern; in the ear... in the nose... in the tongue... in the body... ... in color... in the sound... in the smell... at the touch... at home... in the group (public)... in the residence... in the profit... in the fame... in the praise... in the music... in clothes... in the shelling... Food... In the shelter... in the patient's needs and medical necessities disappear, lost, decay, dissipated, gone, reduced, destroyed when they are annoyed, angry, persecuted, annoyed, annoyed, become sick, worried. 』 This is also “annoyed” on the color.
 “People” for Cha Dili, Brahmen, Bisha, Gundala, Family, Family, Heaven, Man. “Relaxation” is a state of inferition that can be turned, forsaken, or disrespectful of the practice of the good law, or in the wickedness of evil, or in the wickedness of evil, or in the practice of good law , the state of the absence of constant work, the state of the sticking habit, the state of negligible, negligent in the state of responsibility, no practice, no practice, no practice, no practice, relaxation. Where such a state of relaxation, permisence, and permisence, this is called relaxation. People who have these relaxation for relaxation.” “Be annoyed” in color for people to relax.
 “Bincia! Therefore you become uncomfortable”: “Therefore, therefore; that reason; that cause; that cause; that cause, when seeing such an affliction in all colors.” For Bincea! So you. “Unrelaxed” is a respectable author and regular author... (medium) [does not neglect the responsible and] unrelaxed in good law.” For Bincea! So you become an uncomfortable person.
 “There should be no longer discarded color”: “Color”, the four and four colors. “Should discard color”, should discard color, should be cut off color, should discard color, should be discarded color, should be the end color, should make the color to not exist. “In order to be no longer,” according to which your color will be extinguished here, and the reborn will not be born; in the bounds of desire, or in color, or in colorless, or in color, or in colorless, or in the desire to have, Or in no want, or in either wanna or not want to have, or in one, or in four, or in five, or in further interest, or in the past, or in birth, or in revolving, or in rotation will not To make it produce, will not make it born, will not make it born, it will be destroyed here, will be calmed down, will come to absent, will stop.” There should be no longer discarded color.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldhotel: “Binzia!”] After seeing on those who are annoyed by color: Relaxing people are “annoyed” in color,
 Bincia! So you become an uncomfortable person: so that there is no more discarded color.”
 91. The Quartet, the middle side of the Quartet, the top and the bottom,
 There is nothing in the world, you have not seen unheard and unaware,
 Please explain what I can know, where there is a break between birth and aging.
 “The Quartet, the middle of the Quartet, this is the ten.”
 “There is nothing in the world, you have not seen unheard and unknownable”: None of you have not seen and unaware: your own interests, or the interests of others, or both, or the interests of life, or the future or obvious interests, or even deep interests, or hidden interests, or hidden interests, or unrighteous interests, or interests of righteousness, or interests without negligence, or interests without pollution, or clear Interests, or supreme interests [of] which [they] do not exist, do not exist, not known or undetected.” So that there is nothing in the world, you have not seen unheard and unaware.
 “Please explain the law that I can know”: “Law”, beginning with good... (medium) Nibbana and guided Nibbana, please explain, please teach, please inform, please build, please uncover, please explain 、Please clarify、Please explain。 “I know,” I know, know, know, do not, know, know, permeate, witness, reach, and testify. To ask you to explain the law: according to which I can know.
 “Here there is a break between birth and aging”: “There are birth, aging, death severance, calm, conception, stop, undead, Nibbana.” For here there is a break between birth and aging.
 Because thatLike, the Brahman said:
 “The Quartet and the middle of the Quartet, this is the top and down,
 There is nothing in the world, you have not seen unheard and unaware,
 Please explain what I can know, where there is a break between birth and aging.”
 92. [Worldhotel: “Binzia!”] Watch the people caught in thirsty love, tormented by aging and annoying,
 Bincia! So you become an uncomfortable person: should not give up thirsty love anymore.
 “Watch those caught in thirsty love”: “thirsty love” as the color of “thirsty love”... “Fall into thirsty love”, fall into thirsty love; those who are thirsty love to follow; thirsty followers; those who are thirsty love taken down, conquered, and the heart is taken over by thirsty love. Synonyms for human beings. “Watching”, watching, seeing, watching, watching, watching, watching. For watching people caught in thirsty love.
 “[Worldhotel: 'Bincea! ']” : ““Bingchia,” Worldman named the Brahman by name. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” for [Worldhotel: “Bincea!”].
 “Aging afflicted and annoyed”: ““'annoying', 'by birth and annoyance, with aging and annoyance, sick and annoying, with death and annoyance, with sorrow and sorrow, despair and annoyance, to fall hell Bitter and annoying... (medium), to see the loss of the suffering and annoying, and annoying, so annoying, catastrophe, disaster, evil.” For annoyance. “Being tortured by aging”, being exposed, tortured, combined, possesses, being followed by life, followed by old, conquered by illness, was hit by death, no shelter, no refuge, no return, no return to the person. To be afflicted by aging.
 “Bincia! Therefore you become uncomfortable”: “Therefore, therefore; that reason; that cause; that cause; that cause, when you see the affliction in love with thirst.” For Bincea! So you. “Unrelaxed” is a respectable author and regular author... (middle) does not neglect the responsible and unrelaxed in good law.” For Bincea! So you become an uncomfortable person.
 “Should not give up thirsty love”: “thirsty love” as the color of “thirsty love”... the thirst love of the (middle) method. “Should give up thirst love”, you should abandon thirst love, should give up thirst love, should forgo thirst love, should end thirst love, should end thirst love, should make thirst love go to absent. “To have no more,” according to your... (middle) [thirst here will be extinguished,] there is no birth; in the world of desire, or in the world of thirst, or in the world of no thirst, or in desire, or in thirst, Or in love without thirst, or in having, or in the absence of want to have, or have, or in the four, or in five, or in further interest, or in the past, or in the birth, or in existence, or in there , or in rotation, or in rotation will not make it produce, will not make it born, will not make it born, it will be extinguished here, will be calmed down, will come to nonexistent, will stop.” For should no longer have forsaken thirsty love.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “[Worldhotel: “Binkia!”] Watch the people caught in thirsty love, tormented by aging and annoying,
 Bincia! Therefore, you become uncomfortable: in order not to have forsaken thirst love.”
 At the end of the Ode, those who live with the same will, the same effort, the same intent, the same dwelling as Brahmen, the eyes of thousands of biological dusts and fouling are born: “Any collection is the law of extinction.” And that Brahman's heart was not reacted and relieved from the troubles, accompanied by the eyes, sheepskin clothing, hair, bark coat, rod, long mouth water bottle, hair and beard disappeared, became bald head, cassock clothes, Holders of coats, bowls, clothes, as they mean, to salute the worldship, sit down: “Daedeoku! Worldson is my teacher, I am a disciple.”
 The sixteenth of the instructions asked by Brahmen of the Binchia student [Completed].


Excerpt:
 What to do with aging? You should give up thirsty love in order to no longer have unescaped.
 10/26/2020 16:40