17. Explanation of the praise on the other side
 93. Worldworld said this, when he lived in the Morjata Bossa Collar Geta Temple,
 And to the sixteen of Brahmen, who had asked and questioned one by one, answered the question.
 “Worldman said this”: “said this ais-side road. “Worldworld,” this is synonymous with respect... Anri (Kana), the testimony of (medium), that is Worldworld.” This was said for Worldhotel. “When dwelt in Mogadha, when dwelling in the country named Mogedar, act, turn, protect, and make survival. “At the time of the Bossa Collar Geta Temple”, the Buddha is known as the Buddha as a seat. When staying at the Geta Temple of Morjata Bossa.
 “To the sixteen of the Brahmen”: “Brahmen of Binchia are the followers, servants, servants, and disciples of Brahmen of Bawali, and the sixteen of them.” This is Brahmen, who served sixteen. Or, “The sixteen Brahmen were Buddhist, believers, servants, and disciples.” This is also to the sixteen of Brahmen.
 “He answered the question of the request, one by one of them.”: “The “requested”, requested and sought. “One by one,” he that questioned one by one, one by one, one which begged, one by one, and the one that made it clear. “He answered the question,” he answered, explained, taught, informed, built, uncovered, resolved, clarified, explained the question. He answered the questions he asked and questioned one by one.
 Because then, this is said:
 “Worldhotel said this, while living at the Morjado-Bosa Collar Geta Temple,
 He answered the questions of the sixteen serving Brahmen, who asked and questioned one by one.
 94. If on one issue, after knowing the reason, after knowing the law, can follow the law, he can walk to the other side of the old and dead.
 “These laws can go to the other side,” so the synonyms of these laws are “the other side road.”
 “If the question is one by one”: “If the question of Asi more and one by one, if you also have a problem with low Sheemilereh, Fu Lou Nagar and Mile Gu one by one problem, if also for the Du Da Gu, one by one, if also for Ubossi One by one problem, the question of intuo and black mag one by one, if it also falls to the degree of the issue of Asia one by one, if the issue of Ge Bo is also the question of Ge Bo, and Ruodu Geng mud one by one issue, if it is also the question of Bodo If you also have problems with Youtua one by one, if it is also about forced salad one by one, if it is also the question of Moylo one by one, if it is also the question of Binchia one by one.” For if one question.
 “After knowing the reason, after knowing the law”: “'That question is law, and the answer is reasonable. ' After the reason is known, understood, measured, after judgment, after each, and after figuring out.” To know after reason. “After knowing the law”, “After the law is known, after understanding, after measuring, after judgment, after each, and after finding it out.” To know the law after.” In order to know after reason、After knowing the law。 “Can be carried out by law”: “the right road, follow the road, the inverted sidewalk [, the uncontradictory road (no contradiction)], such as the meaning of the road, the road he can implement.” To be able to act with law.
 “He can walk to the other side of the old and dead”: the other side of the old and dead is called undead, Nibbana, that is all done, all according to the judgment, thirst of love extinguished, away from greed, aNibbana “He can go to the other side of the old and dead”: “He can go to the other side of the old and dead, to witness the other side, he can reach them, and testify.” For he could walk to the other side of the old death.
 “These laws can go to the other shores”: “These laws can go to the other side, they reach the other side, to reach them completely, and they lead to the degree of death from old and dead.” For these laws can go to the other side.
 “Therefore, the teachings of these laws say, “Therefore, that reason; that cause; that cause; that cause, and that cause, when seeing this oversuffering on all desires.” For that. “The teaching of these laws is for this other side.” For that reason these laws are taught. “Synonyms are “the other side road”: “The other side is called undead, Nibbana... (medium) extinguished, Nibbana This is called Dow, ie: Positive... (Medium) Positive. “Synonyms”: name, name, Anli, common name, name, name, title, word, phrase, title. Synonyms are “Boundary Road”.
 Because then, this is said:
 “If, after knowing the truth, and after knowing the law, can follow the law, he can walk to the other side of the old and dead,
 “These laws can go to the other shores,” so the synonyms of these laws are 'The other shores. '
 95. Ayddo, Low Shermare, Rich House Nagar and Milagus,
 And Dudagot, Ubossi, Nanda and Black Margar.
 96. degree fell Asia, Ge Bo two, and Xianzhi's Rakudu
 And Bodo Wu Da, Youtua, and Brahmen, and forced salad,
 Clever Moyuloh, with the Daisen Man Binchia.
 97. they approached the senses: the fairy man with a foot,
 Ask subtle questions, close to the most winning senses.
 “They approach the aperture”: “They,” sixteen for Brahmen of the other side. “The Buddha”, which is the worldly, the one who survives, without a teacher who has not heard before, now perceives the truth, where he reaches the state of all knowledge, in power to the state of comfort. What is the meaning of “perception”? “The person who feels the truth” is a sense, “make the living person feel” as the sensation, the state of all knowledge as the sensation, the state of everything is seen, and the state that will not be guided by other as the sensation, To the annoyance has been given the name of the person who has been given the name of the illustrator, “always away from the greedy” for the sense, “always away from the greedy” as the sense, “has always been away from the dementia” for the sense, “always deprecated” as the sense “No polluter” is the sense, “has passed the road without road” for the sense, “alone is now full of sense sense” for the sense, the state of feeling not being killed for the sense, feel the state of feeling is the sense of feeling. “The apparition,” this name is not given by the mother; not the father; given by a non-brother; given by a non-sister; a non-friend; a non-family; not by Salmon, Brahman, not heaven What is given is the relief; Anli (pseudonas) of Buddha, worldness, and under the linden tree, together with all knowledge and testimony, is the Seemer.” For that is the senser. “They approach the senses”: “They approach, see, visit, ask, perceive them.” As they approach the senses.
 “Fairy man with a foot line”: “line is called the birth of the ring line, the ring homemade is line; root homemade is also line; diet is also the line; specializing in sober is also line; seven righteous law [MN.53] is also the line; Four Zen Also the line. “Sufficient”, with the best line, the most winning, the first line, the highest line, the most top line. “Immortal”, Worldship is a fairy, “Seeker, Seeker, Seeker of the Great Ring Yun” for the fairy... (Medium) “Seeking, Pursuing, Seeking by the Great Power: Where is the Buddha? Where is Worldplace? Where is the Tenjin in Tenjin? Where is the Cow King in Man? For fairy people. For the fairy man with foot.
 “Ask subtle questions”: “Ask, ask, beg, ask; ask; make it clear. “Subtle problems” are deep, unseen, unconscionable, silent, wonderful, non-theoretical, subtle, subtle, experienced by wise people. For asking a delicate question.
 “Closer to the Most Victory”: “The Jurus,” “That is the Worldest... Anatachi (Kana), who testified.” “The most victorious”, the first, the most winning, the top, the top, the top, the top, the top, the top, the most, they approach, to see, visit, ask, ask.” For the closest winner of the sensation.
 Because then, this is said:
 “They approached the senses: fairy men with a foot,
 Ask subtle questions, approaching the most winning senses.
 98. Thoroughly answered the questions asked for them by the senses,
 With the answer to the question, Muni made the Brahmen satisfied.
 “The senses answered them thoroughly”: “For Them,” for sixteen Brahmen for the other side. “The Jurus (Buddha)”, “That is the Worldman... (Kana), who testifies.” “Thorough answer”, the senses thoroughly answer, explain, teach, inform, build, uncover, parse, clarify, explain for them. Thoroughly answer them for the senses.
 “Questions Asked,” “Questions Asked”: “Questions asked, questioned, begging, requested, made clear. “Be honest” as it should be explained; as should be taught as it should be taught; as it should be told like that; as should be established like that; as should be established; as should be uncovered Uncover; as it should be parsed like that; as should be clarified as stated; as should be described as so.” For the questions asked, honest.
 “To answer questions”: “To answer questions, explain, teach, inform, build, uncover, parse, clarify, explain, explain.” To answer the question.
 “Muni Make Brahmen“Satisfaction”: “Make satisfaction, make satisfaction, expand satisfaction, make clear, rejoice, and give pleasure. The Brahmen are sixteen Brahmen for the other side. “Muni”, Munna is known as Wisdom... He is Mune after he is beyond the dyed net.” For Muni to meet the Brahmen.
 Because then, this is said:
 “The senses answered them thoroughly and the questions they asked,
 With the answer to the question, Muni made the Brahmen satisfied.”
 99. They are satisfied by the eyes, perceived, by the Sun,
 They do the same: in the presence of the noble ones.
 “They are met by those with eyes”: “They are sixteen Brahmen for the other side. “Be satisfied” is satisfied, expanded, clearer, rejoiced, and produced with pleasure. For them to be met. For those with eyes, Worldview is the eye: the naked eye is the eye, the eye is also for those who have eyes, eye is also for those who have eyes, the Buddha eye is also for the eye, and all eyes are for those who have eyes. How does Worldhotel use the naked eye as the eye? ... (Celec) Worldhotel so with all eyes as an eye.” For them to be met by those with eyes.
 “Percepted by the Sun”: “The Jurus (Buddha)”, “That is the Anrat (Kana) who testified by the Worldman... (Kana), the Buddha.” “By the Sun”: The sun (Ādicco) is called the sun (sūriyo), He surname Jodamo, worldship is also named Jodamo, Worldship is a relative of the Sun surname, the Sun's family name, so the sensation is The Sun people.” For the perceived, the Sun people.
 “They do”: Van Xing is called the separation, withdrawal, withdrawal, separation, disengagement, no action, no crime, no transborder, no destruction of the bridge. Or, because of no difference, Van Xing is called eight sacred sacred ways, namely: positive, righteous, righteous, orthodox, righteous, orthodox, righteous. “They do the same: they do, do, and receive them and turn into the kingh.” Do the Van for them.
 “In the presence of the Noble, the Noble, the First Wise, the Most Wise, the One of the Wise, the Overseer, the Above, the Most of the Wise, the Most of the Wise. In front of it, near, near, near, not far away, near. To be in the presence of the Noble.
 Because then, this is said:
 “They are met by those with eyes, perceived, and by the Sunites,
 They do the same: in front of the noble ones.
 100. on one by one issues, such as those taught by the senses,
 And whosoever can do it like that, walk from this shore to the other side.
 “One by one question”: “One by one question of Ayddo, one by one question for low Sheemyleh... (middle) the question of Binchia one by one.” For questions about one by one.
 “As taught by the senses”: “The Jurus (Buddha)”, “That is the worldly, the one who survives... Anli (Kana), who testifies.” “As taught by the senses”: “As taught, taught, informed, established, revealed, analyzed, articulated, explained.” To be taught by the senses.
 “Whosoever can do it like that”: “He can do the right path, follow the way, the way not the opposite, the way of righteousness, and the path of law.” For whoever can do it like that.
 “Can walk from this shore to the other shore”: the other shore is called undead, Nibbana... (middle) extinguished, Nibbana; this shore is known as the pollution and all the creations. “He can go from this shore to the other shore”: He can go from this shore to the other shore, and to witness the other side, and witness the other side. To be able to walk from this shore to the other
 Because then, this is said:
 “For one by one question, as taught by the senses,
 Whosoever can do it like that, may walk from this shore to the other side.
 101. can walk from this shore to the other side: when practicing the highest way,
 It was meant to go to the other side, like this, for the other road.
 “Can walk from this shore to the other shore”: this shore is known as pollution and all the creations; the other side is called undead, Nibbana... (middle) thirsty love extinction, away from greed, extinguished, Nibbana. “He can go from this shore to the other shore”: He can go from this shore to the other shore, and to witness the other side, and witness the other side. To be able to walk from this shore to the other
 “When practicing the Highest Road”: “The Michi of the Highest is called the eight sacred shrine, namely: See... (medium) positive. “Top Road”, the first, the most winning, winning, the top, the top, the top, the top. “When practicing”, when practicing, when practicing, when more practice. When practicing the highest path.
 “That way was to go to the other side”:
 Road, road, path, road, path, road, path,
 With boats, ferry bridges, as well as raft, raft, bridge.
 “To go to the other side,” in order to go to the other side, in order to reach the other side, in order to completely reach the old and dead. For that way is to go to the other side.
 “As such is therefore the other way”: “Therefore, therefore; that reason; that cause; that edge; that cause; that reason. The other side is called undead, Nibbana... (medium) extinguished, nir Road (act) is called road. “Like this,” the continuation of the sentence... (middle) This is the second sentence, like this.” For like this, therefore for the other road.
 Because then, this is said:
 “From this shore to the other side: when practicing the highest path,
 The way is to go to the other side, and so for the other way, like this.
 Explanation of the 17th [Completed] of Acrosm Road.