18. Instructions for the Recitation of the Banyan
 102. [As His Holiness Binchia:] We will recite with the other side, as he saw he narrates like this: The man of the flaw, and the wise of all,
 For what will the unwitless dragon elephant say falsehood?
 “I will recite with the astral”: “I will recite with what has been told, and I will talk about what has been said, I will talk about what has been said, and I will talk about what has been said, I will speak .” For We shall recite the other way.
 “[His Holiness Binchia like this]”: “Like this, the continuation of the sentence... This is the second sentence, “Like this.” “His Holiness” is a word of love, respect, respect, obedience, as the “His Holiness.” “Binchia,” the name of the Brahman's name, name, name, Anli, common name, name, name, title, word, phrase, name. For [His Holiness Bincia like this].
 “If he sees he speaks like this,” “If he sees as such he tells, explains, teaches, tells, builds, unveils, interprets, interprets, clarifies, explains: 'All things are unconstant. 'If he sees, like this, he tells Explain, teach, tell, build, uncover, parse, clarify, explain, explain; 'All doings are bitter '... (medium) 'All law is no me'... 'Any collection is extinct.' Tell, explain, teach, tell, build, uncover, parse, clarify, explain.” And as he saw it, he told him.
 “From the scale, the majority of the wise”: ““from the scale”, greed is scum; evil is scum; fame is scum; anger... resentment... (medium) all bad creation is scum, those scum for Buddha, worldom has been cut off, the root It has been cut, like a rootless palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future. The Buddha is a descaler, the fouling, the descaler, the descaler, the abandoned, the descaling, the man who has overcome all the scum. The earth is called wide, and Worldworld has the same vast expansion as that earth. Wisdom is called Hui, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insentiment, choice, positive, worldly has, fully has, walked into, fully, fully, fully, fully sufficient, with this smart, Hui, therefore, Buddha is Very smart.” For the fouling, the vast number of smart people.
 “The Dragon Elephant of Unwanted, Willess”: “Willful”, “There are two kinds of desires from praise: the desire of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are called the wills of things... (middle) these are called the desires of pollution. For Buddha and Worldom, the desire of things has been known, the desire to pollute has been cut off, to the state of the desire of things, to the state of the desire to pollute has been cut off, worldom does not want to desire; in desire do not want Do not pray in desire; not enthusiasm in desire; do not pray in desire. Whosoever desires in desire, desires in desire or not; pray in desire; and desire in desire; they are those who plead in desire, to the greedy, to those who think. Worldship does not want in desire; do not want in desire; do not pray in desire; do not pray in desire; therefore, Buddha is the willess, the desperate, the forsaken, the one who has ruled out the desire, has been freed Those who have dismissed desires, those who have dismissed their desires, those who have departed from the greedy, those who have forsaken, those who have abandoned the greedy, those who have dismissed the greedy, those who are not hungry, those who have extinguished, those who have been desperate, 、Feel happy, live with himself as the man who has been born. ' For dissipation.
 “No desire to forest”, greedy is desire to forest; evil is to forest; anger is woods; resentment is woods... (medium) all bad works are woods, those wills for Buddha, worldom has been cut off, the root has been It is cut off, like a palm tree without roots, becomes a living thing for the future. Therefore, Buddha is the willess, the witcher of the woods, the wishers, the wishers of the forest, the one who has left the woods, the one who has forsaken, has freed the forest Overcome all those who wish to forest. For witless forest. “Dragon Elephant”, “Dragon Elephant [and] Worldrone do not sin” is a dragon elephant; “Do not go” is the dragon elephant; “Do not come” for the dragon elephant... (middle) this is “world not come For a dragon elephant of desire, no williness.
 “For what cause will say falsely”: 'For what cause, 'for what reason? What is the cause? What is the reason for it? What is the cause? What is its fate? For what reason. “Will say falsehood,” will say, tell, explain, speak in falsehood. “Speak falsehood,” speaks false words; speaks false words; speaks non-holy words: here a certain class of people comes to the synagogue, or to a rally, to a family, or to a group, or to the palace, to be brought as a witness. Asks:『Hello! Come! Man! Please say what you knowof the way. And he did not know, “I know.” Or he knows, “I don't know.” And he did not see and said, I saw it. Or he saw it, saying, I have not seen it. As such, he deliberately falsehoods, for his own reasons, or others, or less temptation, that this is called false words.
 Or, take three lines: just before [say] [thought]: 'I will speak. ' When you say [thought]: 'I speak false words. ' When it has been said [thought]: 'The false words have been spoken by me. ' These three lines are paranoid. Or, take four lines as false words: just before [say] [thought]: 'I'm going to speak. ' When you say [thought]: 'I speak false words. ' When it has been said [thought]: 'The false words have been spoken by me. ' There is an anomalous (wrong) opinion that these four behaviors are paranoid. Or, with five lines... (middle) in six lines... seven lines... eight lines: just before [say] [thought]: 'I will speak delusions. ' When you say [thought]: 'I speak false words. ' When it has been said [thought]: 'The false words have been spoken by me. ' There are heterogeneous (wrong) opinions, heterogeneous likes, hobbies, hobbies, disconitant nature, with these eight acts as false words, false words. For what will be falsehood to say, tell, explain, and speak.” For what would be false to say?
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “[His Holiness Binchia, as this,] I will recite the way of the other side, as he saw he narrates, the man of the flaw, and the wise of all.
 For what will the dragon elephant of the wishful, witless forest be said in falsehood?
 103. of those who have cut off the devil and the dirt, to those who have cut off slowly and hide evil,
 Come on! I will tell, with beautiful words.
 “Belonging to those who have discarded deeds and dirt”: “Scum”, greed is dirt; is scum; slow is dirt; see is dirt; pollution is dirt; all evil deeds are scum; all that guides some industries are scum.
 “Might”, ignorance in bitter... (middle) unknown fence, bad roots, this is called idiot. For Buddha, worldom has been cut off, the root has been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become non-existence, for the future of life, therefore, the Buddha has cut off the dementia, scum.” For belonging to those who have discarded, desperate.
 “Belongs to those who cut off the slow, hiding evil”: “Slow”, one for slow: that is the high and slow of the heart, in two: self-praise is slow, contempt for others is slow, and three are slow: 'I am the winner. ' For slow, “I am the same” for slow, “I am the inferior” is slow, four kinds are slow: to get to make it slow, make it slow with reputation, to praise to make it slow, to make it slow, to make it slow, to make it slow, to five Slow: “I do get the color you want.” It makes it slow, “I do get the sound of the consensual... (medium) smell... taste... touched.” To make it slow, to six kinds of slow: with eyes to make it slow, with ears... (medium) with the nose... with the tongue enough... with the intention to make it slow, to slow Seven kinds of slow: slow, very slow, slow and very slow, low, increase slowly, I am slow, evil slow, to eight kinds of slow: to get to make it slow, to not get to make it low, to the reputation makes it slow, to no Fame makes it low, to praise to make it slow, to rebuke to make it slow, to make it slow, to bitter to make it low, to nine as slow: the winner thought: “I am the winner” is slow, Winner thought: “I am the same” for the slow, winner thought: “I am the inferior” for the slow, equal thought: “I am the winner” for slow, equal thought: “I am the equivalent” for slow, equal Thought: “I am the inferior” for the slow, inferior thought: “I am the winner” for the slow, inferior thought: “I am the same” for the slow, the inferior thought: 'I am the infer' for slow, ten for slow: Here, certain by birth, or by surname, or a good family, or as a beautiful Lotus, or property, or by research (acquisition), or employment, or by a skilled, or iming (academic), or by the news, Or by the argument, or by something that makes it slow, any person like this heart slow, thinks, thinks, perceives, gours, high slows, flags, heights, and vanity of the heart, this is called slow.
 “Hiding evil”, any act of hiding evil, hypocrisy, hypocrisy, and envy, this is called hiding evil. For Buddha and Worldom, slow and evil have been cut off, the roots have been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, so the Buddha is a slow, hiding evil. For those who have cut off the slow, hiding evil.
 “Come on! “I will talk about beautiful words”: “Come on, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the second sentence, “Come on.” “I will tell with beautiful words”, reach (have), fully arrived (have), enter, fully enter, fully sufficient, with beautiful words, words, language, speak, I will tell, I will teach, I will tell, I will build, I will uncover, I will parse, I will clarify, I will explain.” To come! I will tell with beautiful words.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “Of those who have cut off the devil and the scum, the one who has left off the slow, hiding
 Come on! I will tell, with beautiful words.”
 104. And those who disperse the darkness, the sense of all eyes, have reached the edge of the world, surpass all that has.
 Those who do not bother, break off all the suffering, the true name, Brahmen! Served by me.
 “Disperse the darkness, the senses, all eyes”: “Dispel the darkness”, the greedy darkness, the darkness of darkness, the darkness of humble [, slow darkness], see darkness, polluted darkness, darkness of evil [, do not eye], do not make wisdom, wisdom of the exterminator, annoy companion party, do not lead to Nibbana to exclude, remove, cut off, depart, end, make it to absent. “The Joyer,” “That is the Worldman... (Kana), who testified to the Worldest... All eyes are called the state of all knowing wisdom... (medium) as it is for all eyes.” For those who disperse the darkness, Buddha, all eyes.
 “The one who has reached the edge of the world, surpasses all that have”: “World”, One World: Some Worlds, Two Worlds: Some Worlds and Born Worlds; Some of the Worlds and the Birth of the World; Something Lost and Birth of bad worldness. Three worlds: three. Four worlds: four food. Five worlds: five fetching. Six Worlds: Six Inside. Seven Worlds: Seven Recognize. Eight Worlds: Eight Worlds. Nine Worlds: Nine living lives. Ten Worlds: Ten. Twelve worlds: twelve. Eighteenth World: Eighteenth world. “Has reached the edge of the world”, “Worldworld is the frontier of the world; has reached the edge, has reached the end; the person who has reached the end... has reached the Nibbana; He has reached the Nibbana, he is the person who has descended, has been practiced He... life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.” For those who have reached the world edge.
 There are two kinds of “above all,” there are two kinds of: there are estral and rebirth. What is the industry? Fuxing, non-Fu line, no action, this is the industry. What is the cone again there? Born color, subject, want, line, knowledge, which is born again there. Worldworld is the transcendor, the crossover, the man who has been overcome.” For those who have reached the edge of the world, beyond everything
 “The one who has no trouble, has put off all the suffering”: “Trouble”, there are four kinds of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, unclear troubles. Those troubles have been cut off for Buddha and Worldom, the roots have been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become non-existence, for the future, so Buddha is no worries. “Break off all the suffering”, for him all belong to the life of life, old suffering, sickness, death, sorrow, sorrow, sorrow and sorrow, desperate suffering... (middle) see the erosion of the suffering has been cut off, cut off, calmed down, was Stop, cannot be born, and burned by wisdom fire, so the Buddha is a man who has left off all the suffering. For those who have no worries, and give off all the suffering.
 “True caller, Brahman! Served by me”: “true caller”, “real name name, equivalent name, equivalent to the name, the real equivalent of the name of the person, the incarnation, the death of the worldly, Bishop worldman, Jieu Lou Sun Zun, Ju Na-han Worldom, Kaye Worldom, those Buddha, Worldom is the same name, equal to the name, Shakyamuni Worldworld also belongs to those Buddha, Worldest is the same name, equal to the name. So Buddha is the real name.
 “Brahmen! “I serve”: “The Worldman was relied upon by me, served, worshipped, questioned, asked questions.” For Brahmen! Served by me.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “And those who disperse the darkness, the senses, and all eyes, have reached the edge of the world, above all.
 Those who do not bother, break off all the suffering, the true name, Brahmen! Be served by me.”
 105. if the bird abandons the grove, will live in a multi-fruit forest,
 Like this I forsaken many rare, such as goose has reached the Great Lake.
 “If birds abandon the grove, they will live in a multi-fruit forest”: ““Bird (twice-born) is called a bird (winged), and for what reason is it called wings? “Born twice” for two births': “From the motherThe uterus is called winged from the eggshell, twice born for this reason. For birds (twice raw). “Such as after abandoning the grove”, such as birds, less fruit, less food, less water, after abandoned, after abandonment, beyond, beyond, after passing, will get, find and get other fruits, more The food, water, the jungle, will build shelter in that jungle.” After abandoning a grove like a bird, you will live in a multi-fruit forest.
 “Like this, after I have forsaken the few, such as goose has reached the Great Lakes”: “Like this” is an arrangement of analogy. “After abandoning the uncommon,” Van Baval Librahmen and his Ajima pears and Buddhist, Worldly comparisons are rare, insignificant, little seen, lower, inferior, non-supreme, those Rare, insignificant, a little seen, lower seen, inferior, non-most visible after abandonment, after abandonment, after exceeding, after transcendence, after passing, get, find, get the Buddha, worldly: insignificant The Most Sentient, No Equal, No Equal, No Contrast, Unparalleled, Unbeatable, Heaven, Cow King of Man, Lion of Man, Dragon Elephant in Man, Hyun Chun, Cow King of Man 、People who endure strong cow, ten force holder. Such as goose will get, will find, will get big artificial (Thailand version), or a pool of Aranda, or sea lake unwavering, water without water. Similarly, Buddha, Worldship is the unshakable, the glorious, the wisdom has developed, the eyes, the clever of the kind, the proven unobstructed, has reached four fearless, pure aspiring, alone whitening, no less , those who claim to be like, those who claim to be like, not the small, the great, the deep, the unmeasurable, the difficult to penetrate, those with vast treasures, those who are equal to the sea, those with six calms, the incomparable, the vast, can not He is a man who speaks like that. He is a master, a victor, the best and the best, and Daisen, as the lion of the beast, as the river reaches the sea. For like this I forsake many uncommon, such as goose has reached the Great Lake.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “As birds abandon the woods, they will live in a forest of many fruits,
 Like this, after I forsaken the rare, as goose has reached the Great Lake.
 106. Whosoever they told me before, before the commandment of Chothamoh, that it was, like this, it would be,
 It's all rumors, and it's all theoretical growth.
 “Whosoever they told me before”: “Where, Van Bavali-Brahmen and all his apries, they explain, explain, teach, tell, build, uncover, interpret, interpret, interpret, clarify and explain their own opinions. , their own likes, their hobbies, their own ideas, their intentions, their own intentions.” For whoever before they told me.
 “Before the commandments of Chothamob”: “Before the commandments of Chothamob, on the other side of the commandments of Chotamour, before the commandments of Chotamob; in the teachings of the Buddha, the victors', and the bounds of the come , the first of the ring of Alohan. To be before the commandments of Joamo
 “Like this, it was, and like this it would be”: “Legend that is so, the legend that will be so.” For like so that once was、Like so that would be。
 “That's all rumors”: “It's all rumors, winds, inheritance, the teachings of the Tibetan, logical inference, reasoning, because of theoretical thinking, because of contemplation accepted opinions, they tell not to be personally known, not The law of self-proofing.” For that is all rumors.
 “All that is the growth of theories”: “It is all the growth of theories, the increase of the search, the increase of thought, the increase of the desire, the increase in the evil search, the increase of the evil search, the increase of the kiss, the increase in the search of the land, The increase in the undead search, the increase in the search associated with compassion, the increase in the search associated with the reputation of recklessly honoring, and the increase in search related to not being contempt.” For that is all theoretical enlargment.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “Whosoever they told me before, before the commandment of Jotamob, that it was like this, and it would be,
 That's all rumors, and that's all the theoretical enlargment.”
 107. Alone, the dark disperser, the seated, he is the shining man, the author of light,
 Qiao Tamo is the wide-hui, Qiao Tamo is the most intelligent.
 “Alone, Dark Scatter, Seated”: “Alone”, Worldworld in the name of the home alone, with no partner righteousness as alone, to the thirst of love to be alone, “always away from greed” for alone, “always distracting” “For alone, “always deprecated” is alone, “always no pollution” is alone, “already“The road without fork” is alone, and “now there is no upper sense” is alone.
 How is Worldhotel alone in the name of a home? When Worldmaster is young, brunette youth, with the happiness of youth, at the beginning of life, even if parents do not want, tears, weeping, lament, still abandon the family, cut off all obstacles at home, cut off their children and wives After the obstacle、After cutting off the family barrier、After cutting off friends [、After cutting off the storage barrier], shaving hair shaving, wrapped in the coat, from home, become a non-home life, into the state of nothing alone, Live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make survival.” This is Worldhotel alone in the name of a home.
 How is Worldworld alone with no partner? “When he is so out of home alone with forest, wilderness, border residence (sitting place): less voice, quiet, away atmosphere, people alone, suitable for sitting alone; he [alone,] walking alone, alone, alone Stand, sit alone, lying alone, alone in order to pouches into the village, go alone, return alone, sit alone, alone, alone, live, action, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival. 』 This is worldly alone with no partner.
 How is Worldworld alone with the disruption of thirsty love? He was so alone and without a partner, when he lived in the uncomfortable, zealous, self-effort, under the Linden tree by the Neren Zen River, with great diligence and diligence, destroying the devil with the army, the evil demons, and the relatives of the relaxation, The net, the might-flowing, and the entangled thirst loved him to cut off, dispel, and end, and make it come to absent
 “With thirsty love as a companion, a long time reincarnation,
 Become such a state、Other state, do not go beyond reincarnation。
 Knowing after such an affliction: thirst love is the origin of bitterness
 From thirst love, no take, Bichu should march in a mindful manner.” [It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746]
 This is worldly alone with the disregard of thirsty love.
 How is Worldhotel alone with “always away from greedy”? “One of the derelicted state of greedy is away from greedy” for alone, “one of the state of disconnection of the dereliction state” is alone, “one of the deprecated state of dereliction” is alone, “one of the disconnected state of pollution has never been “Pollution” is alone. [This is worldly alone with “always away from greedy”.]
 How is Worldworld “has passed the road without forks” to be alone? The road without fork is known as Four Mindings... (in the middle) eight sacred paths.
 “Seeing the extinction of life, and those who have mercy, know the way without forks,
 In the past, they will be and now.” [SN.47.18]
 This is Worldworld “has passed the road without forks” for alone.
 How is Worldship “Alone Is Now Right Right” for Alone? Sculpture is called in four ways of wisdom [, Hui], Wisen, Wisen, choice of the method of Jakuzhi, study, Bisherna, positive view. Worldworld thought that “all works are impermissible”; “All laws are without me”... (middle) that “any set law is extinction.” Or, whoever should be perceive, should be casual, should be awakened, should be righteous, should be attested, should be touched, and should be testified, everything is by that sense of consciousness, Awakening [, right feeling], testifying, reaching, testifying. This is the Worldship “Alone is now all right” for Alone.
 “Disperse the Darkness”, the greedy darkness, the darkness of obsession [, slow darkness], the darkness of the polluted, the darkness of evil, the darkness of evil, done blindly, without eyes, no wisdom, the destruction of wisdom, Companion party, does not guide Nibbana Worldhotel has excluded, removed, abandoned, discarded, discarded, put an end to the absence. “Seated”, “Worldhotel sitting at the Bossa Collar Pagoda Temple.” For those who sit down.
 “When Muni sat on the slope, he had reached the other side of the bitter
 And the disciples served, and the death of Sanming gave off. [SN.8.10]』
 This is also worldly seated. Or, “All efforts have ceased state Worldship is a seated, descended, practiced... (medium) life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.” This is also worldly sitting.” For the Alone, Dark Scatter, Seated.
 “He is the Shining and the Author of Light”: “The Shining, the wise, the wise, the wise, the Wise, the Wise, the Wise, the Wise, the wise, the difference, the wise. Author of Light, Author of Light, Illuminator, Light Author, Illuminator, Light Author, Light Author, Light Author. For him to be a shining man, the author of the light.
 “Qiao Tamo is the Guang Hui”: “Qiao Tamo is the symbol of the majority ((Guang Hui), Wisdom for the sign, Hui for the flag, Hui for the flag, the Hime for the marker, the multiselector, the simpler, the most thoughtfully thoughtful, the person who lives in the clear, that character, more than that And those who heighten that target it, toward the hard man, tilt to the one who strives, and to the victorious, add to it.
 “The flag is a sign of the car, smoke is a sign of fire,
 The king is the characterization of the state, and the husband is a representation of a woman. [SN.1.72]』
 Similarly, Qiao Tamo is the majority as the mark (Guanghui), Chi for the logo, Hui for the flag, Hui for the flag, Hui to increase, more choice, more choice, more thoughtfully deeply, to live in the clear, that The man of character, the more, the heavier, the one who targets it, the one who strives towards it, the tilt to it, to the victorious, the person who increases to it, the character, the more, the heavier, the heavier. It is the target, toward the hard man, to the one who reclines to him, to the triumph, and to him that adds up to it. For Jo Tamo is the Guang Hui
 “Jo Tamo is a wise man”: “The earth is called wide, and worldly has the same vast expansion as that earth. Wisdom is called Hui, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insentient, choice, positive. Worldhotel arrives (with), fully reached (with), entered, fully entered, fully sufficient, with this clever [, Hui], so Buddha is the most intelligent.” For Jo Tamo is the most intelligent.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “The one alone, the dark disperser, the seated, he is the shining and the author of the light,
 Qiao Tamo is the wide-hui, Qiao Tamo is the most intelligent.
 108. The one who teaches for me: directly visible, immediate,
 There is no metaphor for the thirst of love, no matter where it is.
 “The man who teaches the law for me”: “The man, the one who is the worldly, the one who has no teacher, who has never heard of before, now feels the truth, where he reaches the state of knowledge and freedom in power State of the person. “Teaching Law”, “Law”, the beginning is good, the middle is good, the end is good; meaning is correct, the words are correct; only complete, clean Van Rong: four remembrance... (medium) eight sacred paths, Nibbana and guided Nibbana He explains, teaches, tells, builds, unveils, interprets, clarifies, explains. Teach the law for me.
 “Directly Visible, Instant”: “'Directly visible, instant, you are invited to meet, able to guide, and the wise should experience themselves.” This is directly visible. Or, 'He practiced eight sacred paths in his life; and he hath attested it unrelessly and immediately, and he found and received fruit. ' This is also directly visible. “Immediate”, such as people give property at a certain time, [Kura] they get unrelessly, they wait time. The law is indeed not this. Whoever practiced eight sacred paths in his life, he will pass it indefinitely and immediately And he has the word, and he finds and receives fruit, in other places, or in his world (the next life), so it is instant. Be directly visible, real-time.
 “The extinction of thirst love, no calamity”: “thirsty love”, color thirst love... “The extinction of thirst love”, thirst of love, the extinction of greed, the extinction of obsession, the extinction of fun, the extinction of the past, the extinction of life, some extinction, the extinction of reincarnation, rotation. “No disaster”, pollution and creation are called disaster, disruption of disaster, calamity, disruption of disaster, disruption of disaster, discontinuation of disaster, undead, Nibbana. For the thirst of love is extinct, without disaster.
 “There is no metaphor for that, no matter where it is”: “For that, for Nibbana. There is no metaphor, no analogy, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, is not known, not found. “No matter where, no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside itself.” There is no metaphor for that no matter where it is.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “The one who teaches for me: the immediate, visible,
 There is no metaphor to the thirst of love, and no calamity, no matter where it is.”
 109. Why did you leave from that person, Bincia! Even for a moment:
 From the vast Wise of Joe Tama, from the vast wisdom of Jotamour?
 “Why did you leave from that one”: “Why do you leave, leave, leave, leave, do not leave from the Buddha.” Why did you leave from that one?
 “Bincia! Even for a moment”: “Even a moment, even a moment, even a moment、Even part time、Even half day time。” For even a moment. “Bincia,” Babeli called the offspring by its name.
 “From the Great of Joe Tama”: “From the Great of Qiotamore to the Mark (The Wide-Wise), from Wisdom as the Sign, from Hime to the Flag, from Hime to the Flag, from Hime to the Increasing, from Multiple Choices, from Multiple Choices, from Many , From those who think about how deeply nature, from the person who dwelt in the clear, from that character, from the person who heavier it, from those who target it, from those who strive towards it, from the person who tilts to it, from To the triumph, from the one who adds up to it.” For the wide-ranging from Jo Tamo.
 “From the vast wisdom of Jo Tamo”: “The earth is called wide, and worldly has the same vast expansion as that earth. Wisdom is called Hui, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insentient, choice, positive. Worldhotel arrives (with), fully arrives (have), enter, enter, full, fully sufficient, have this clever and wisdom, so Buddha is the most intelligent.” For the wisdom of the vast majority of Jotamour.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “Why did you leave from that man, Bincea! Even for a moment:
 From the vast wisdom of Jotamoth, from the vast majority of Jotamoth?
 110. he teaches the law for you: directly visible, immediate,
 There is no metaphor for the thirst of love, no matter where it is.
 “He teaches the law for you”: “[He”,] that is the one who has reached the state of worldship... (Carid) there to all know and be free in power. “Teaching Law”, “Law” begins with good, middle is good... (medium) Nibbana and the path of Nibbana, he explains, teaches, tells, builds, unveils, interprets, interprets, clarifies, explains. Teach the law for you for him.
 “Directly Visible, Instant”: “'Directly visible, instant, you are invited to meet, able to guide, and the wise should experience themselves.” This is directly visible. Or, 'He practiced eight sacred paths in his life; and he hath attested it unrelessly and immediately, and he found and received fruit. ' This is also directly visible. “Immediate”, such as people give property at a certain time, [Kura] they get unrelessly, they wait time. The law is indeed not this. Whoever practiced eight sacred paths in his life, he will pass it indefinitely and immediately And he has the word, and he finds and receives fruit, in other places, or in his world (the next life), so it is instant. Be directly visible, real-time.
 “The extinction of thirst love, no calamity”: “thirsty love”, color thirst love... “The extinction of thirst love”, thirst of love, the extinction of greed, the extinction of obsession, the extinction of fun, the extinction of the past, the extinction of life, some extinction, the extinction of reincarnation, rotation. “No disaster”, pollution and creation is called disaster, discontinuation of disaster, calamity, discontinuation of disaster, undead, Nibbana.” For the thirst of love is extinct, without disaster.
 “There is no metaphor for that, no matter where it is”: “For that, for Nibbana. There is no metaphor, no analogy, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, is not known, not found. “No matter where, no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside itself.” There is no metaphor for that no matter where it is.
 Because then, the Brahman said:
 “He teaches the law for you: directly visible, instant,
 There is no parable for those who have thirsty love and no calamity, no matter where they may be.”.
 111. I did not leave from that, Brahmen! Even for a moment:
 From the Giotamoth, and the wise from Jothamour.
 “I did not live from that”: “I did not leave, leave, leave, do not leave from Buddha.” For I did not live from that.
 “Brahmen! Even a moment”: “Even a moment, even a moment, even a moment, even a moment, even during the day.” For even a moment. “Brahmen,” he honorably called Uncle.
 “From the Great of Joe Tama”: “From the Great of Qiotamore to the Mark (The Wide-Wise), from Wisdom as the Sign, from Hime to the Flag, from Hime to the Flag, from Hime to the Increasing, from Multiple Choices, from Multiple Choices, from Many , From those who think about how deeply nature, from the person who dwelt in the clear, from that character, from the person who heavier it, from those who target it, from those who strive towards it, from the person who tilts to it, from To the triumph, from the one who adds up to it.” For the wide-ranging from Jo Tamo.
 “From Jo Tamo“The clever”: “The earth is called wide, and Worldworld has the same vast expansion as that earth. Wisdom is called Hui, that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insentient, choice, positive. Worldhotel arrives (with), fully arrives (have), enter, enter, full, fully sufficient, have this clever and wisdom, so Buddha is the most intelligent.” For the wisdom of the vast majority of Jotamour.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “I didn't live from that, Brahmen! Even for a moment:
 From the Giotamus, and the wise from Joe Tamoth.”
 112. The one who taught me: directly visible, immediate,
 There is no metaphor for the thirst of love, no matter where it is.
 “The man who teaches for me”: “[The “man,” that is the worldly, the one who survives, without a teacher who has not heard before, is now aware of the truth, where he reaches all knowledge and strength Freelance state. “Teaching Law”, “Law”, the beginning is good, the middle is good, the end is good; meaning is correct, the words are correct; only complete, clean, all the way: four, four positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven , eight sacred paths, Nibbana and guided Nibbana, he explains, teaches, tells, builds, unveils, parses, clarifies, explains. Teach the law for me.
 “Directly Visible, Instant”: “'Directly visible, instant, you are invited to meet, able to guide, and the wise should experience themselves.” This is directly visible. Or, 'He practiced eight sacred paths in his life; and he hath attested it unrelessly and immediately, and he found and received fruit. ' This is also directly visible. “Immediate”, such as people give property at a certain time, [Kura] they get unrelessly, they wait time. The law is indeed not this. Whoever practiced eight sacred paths in his life, he will pass it indefinitely and immediately And he has the word, and he finds and receives fruit, in other places, or in his world (the next life), so it is instant. Be directly visible, real-time.
 “The extinction of thirst love, no calamity”: “thirsty love”, color thirst love... “The extinction of thirst love”, thirst of love, the extinction of greed, the extinction of obsession, the extinction of fun, the extinction of the past, the extinction of life, some extinction, the extinction of reincarnation, rotation. “No disaster-free”, pollution and creation is called disaster, discontinuation of disaster, calamity [, disruption of disaster], discontinuation of disaster, undead, Nibbana. For the thirst of love is extinct, without disaster.
 “There is no metaphor for that, no matter where it is”: “For that, for Nibbana. There is no metaphor, no analogy, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, is not known, not found. “No matter where, no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside itself.” There is no metaphor for that no matter where it is.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “The one who teaches for me: the immediate, visible,
 There is no metaphor to the thirst of love, and no calamity, no matter where it is.”
 113. I saw him like my eyes, Brahmen! Day and night unleasing,
 I spent the night in salute, because then I thought I didn't leave.
 “I see him as my eyes”: “If a man with an eye can see, see, see, look, observe, observe color, and so on. In the same way, I see, see, watch, observe Buddha, worldly respect.” For I saw him as my eyes.
 “Brahmen! “Day and night uncomfortable”: “day and night do not relax to practice the Buddha.” For Brahmen! Day and night unleasing.
 “I spend the night in salute”: ““In salute”, in salute, or in worship, in salute with heart, or in a trip as it means, or in the courtesy of the law, Respect, in respect, in respect [, in salute], in retribution, I spend, spend, and through day and night.” For me to spend the night in salute.
 “Because of that, I think I didn't leave.”: “When practicing with that Buddha, I thought it was 'not live', and I thought, I knew it was 'not live'. I know so; I know so; I do not; I know so well; I am so through.” Because of that, I think did not leave.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “I saw him like my eyes, Brahmen! Day and night unleasing,
 I spent the night in salute, because then I thought I didn't leave.”
  114. Belief, joy, and remembrance, these did not depart from the teachings of Chotham
 Whosoever walks in the direction of whom He walks, We salute them in that direction.
 “Belief, joy, love, thought”: “Letter”, all about faith, trust, trust, pure faith, faith, root of faith, faith, faith. “Joy”, all about joy, joy, joy, joy, joy, laughter, laughter, happiness, satisfaction, heart. “Meaning”: All about the heart, mind, mind, heart, heart (heart), white (whoever), meaning, intent, roots, consciousness, knowledge, and corresponding to that world of consciousness. “Miss”, all about the memory of worldly honour, and mindfulness. For letter, joy, love, thought.
 “These are not departed from the commandments of Chothamo': “These four methods did not depart, from the teachings of Chothamob, the teachings of Buddha, the victors, the teachings of Neri, and the commandments of Arrohan, from, and away, from For these not departed from the teachings of Jotamoh.
 “The direction whosoever walks”: “In the direction of whomever, east or west, or south or north, he goes, walks, walks, walks, walks. “The Guang Hui” is the Great, Li Hui, the Bohui, the Jie Hui, the Fast, the Insight, the Earth is known as the wide, and Worldworld has the same vast expansionist as that earth.” The direction to go for whosoever wide-hui.
 “I salute them in that direction”: “He who pays tribute to the direction of the Buddha, the person who is directed to it, towards the striving man, to the tilt, to the triumph, and to him who increases to it.” To me is to pay tribute to others in that direction.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “Believe, joy, and love, and read, which have not departed from the teachings of Jot
 Whosoever walks in the direction in which he walks, I salute him in that direction.
 115. because of my aging, weakness, because of that body did not walk there,
 I walk in a row, Brahmen! Because my intention is combined with him.
 “Because of my aging, weakness”: “Because of aging, old age, old age, has reached the old age. “Because of weakness, because of weakness, because of low force, because of small force.” Because of my aging, weakness.
 “Just because the body did not walk there”: “The body did not walk, walked, walked, went forward to the Buddha.” Just because the body did not walk there.
 “I walk in succession”: “I go through the state of thought; to find the state; to the state of wisdom; to feel the state; to the state of the past go, go, go, go forward.” For me, I was walking in a row.
 “Brahmen! For my intention is combined with him”: “meaning”: all heart, mind, mind... (medium) correspond to that consciousness. “Brahmen! Because my intention is bound with him”: “It is bound with the Buddha, bound, completely bound.” For Brahmen! Because my intention is combined with him.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “Because of my aging and weakness, because that body did not walk there,
 I walk in a row, Brahmen! For my intention is combined with him.”
 116. lying in the mud trembling, I floated from the island of Chau to
 Then see the positive sense: those who spend waterfalls, no worries.
 “Lying in the mud and trembling”: “Lying in the mud (lying in the mud)”, “Lying in the mud of desire, in the quagmire of desire, in the pollution of desire, in the hooks of desire, in the coke heat of desire, in the obstacles Dwelled, dwelled. For lying in the mud. “Trembling (all throbbing)”, with thirsty love throbbing and throbbing; throbbing to see-throbbing; with pollution throbbing; throbbing with effort throbbing; throbbing with fruit throbbing; The evil throbbing and throbbing; with greedy stained and throbbing; throbbing with rage; with stupid foolishness throbbing; throbbing by slow being bound; throbbing to see that was taken; Scattered and throbbed; throbbing with doubtful failure; throbbing with annoying potential trends; throbbing for profit; throbbing for no gain; throbbing with reputation; throbbing with no reputation; throbbing with no reputation ; throbbing with praise; throbbing with rebuke; throbbing with joy; throbbing with bitterness; throbbing in life; throbbing old; throbbing with illness; throbbing with death; with sorrow and sorrow, despair Throbbing; throbbing to the bitterness of hell; throbbing with the bitterness of the fallen beasts; throbbing with the bitterness of evil worlds; with human suffering... (middle) rooted in incarceration... to live in the fetus The bitterness of the womb is rooted in the bitterness of the birth... the suffering of the man who has lived by himThe sufferings of men... the suffering of their own actions... by others... [with bitterness...] in order to make it easy to suffer... with eye disease... with ear disease... The suffering of the tongue... with a physical illness... the pain of head disease... other than ear disease... the pain of mouth disease... with tooth disease... with lip disease... to cough... to breathe... other than the nasal disease... with fever... ... to the old... to abdominal disease... in coma... following diarrhea... to cholera... leprosy... to tumor... to ringworm... to lung disease... to epilepsy... to ripsm... with scabies ... to scratch (a kind of disease)... to crack the skin... with bloodgallism... with diabetes... with hemorrhoids... with rashes (boils blisters)... with hemorrhoids (boils blisters)... with hemorrhoids (ulcers) Diseases from the wind... diseases of the [three] sets of diseases... diseases that change in time... diseases born in an incorrect posture... with a sudden attack... the outcome of the industry. The disease... in cold... with heat... with hunger... with thirst... with dung... to urine... to the bitterness of contact with the fly mosquitoes, the bitterness of the dead father... the bitterness of the dead brother. ... the bitterness of the dead sister... the suffering of the deceased daughter... the loss of his family... the loss of wealth... throbbing and trembling with the loss of disease... the decay of the ring... the erosion of the sight. (throbbing), trembling (strong trembling), big trembling (powerful trembling). For lying in the mud trembling.
 “I float from Island to Island”: “From master to master, from law to the lecture of law, from group to group, from see, from road to road, from road to road, I float, drift (floating), Totally floating.” Float for me from Islanda Island to Island.
 “Then see the positive feeling”: “Then, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the second sentence, “then.” See, see, see, see, and be able to reach. “The Joyer (Buddha)”, that is the worldly, the one who survives... Anritsu (Kana) who testifies, that is, the Buddha (Buddha).” To then see the positive feeling.
 “Those who pass the waterfall, no worries”: “““'Those who pass the waterfall, ''Worldly is a riot who wanders, through some of the riots, through the outflow, through the unclear riot, all the circuits have passed, He has been transcendent, crossed, crossed, oversurpassed, has been overcome, he is a descended state, a practiced actor... (medium) life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.” For those who spend waterfalls. “No annoyance”, there are four kinds of troubles: the troubles of desire, some troubles, the troubles of seeing, the unclear troubles. Those troubles have been cut off for Buddha and Worldom, the roots have been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, so the Buddha is called the worry-free person.” For those who spend waterfalls, no worries.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “Lying in the mud and trembling, I floated from the island of Chau
 Then see the positive sense: those who spend waterfalls, no worries.”
 117. If Pachacharie is a believer, and Bodo Wu Da and Arropaccio Tamo,
 The same you should also send a letter, Bincia! You will walk to the other side of the realm of Death.
 “Such as Pachacharie is the one who loses the believers, and Bodo Wu Da and Arropaccio Tamo”: “Such as Paka pear is a believer, a believer, a leader in faith, the winner of the faith, the one who arrives in the state of the Ar Such as Bodou Wu's upper seat is a believer, rebeliever, to believe as the leader, the winner of the faith, the attrigues of the letter, the person who arrives in the state of Arrohan; such as Arropaccio is a believer, re-believer, and The winner, the letter of the surge, the Allohan state.” For such as Pacha pear is to release the believers, as well as Ogda and Arropaccio
 “The same you should send a letter”: “The same you should release, send, send, send it completely, add, and fix the letter: “Everything is constant.” You should release, send, send, send out completely, add. , fixed letter; “everything is bitter”... (middle) “All law is no me” you should release, issue, send, send, add, fixed letter... “Any collection is extinction law” you should Release, issue, complete issue, add issued, fixed letter. For the same you should also send a letter.
 “Bincia! You will walk to the other side of the realm of death”: the realm of death is called pollution and creation; the other side of the realm of death is calledImmortal, Nibbana, that is the end of everything, all according to the judgment, thirst of love extinct, from greed, extinguished, nir “Bincia! You will walk to the other side of the realm of Death”: “You will go to the other side; you will reach the other side; you will reach the other side, and you will testify.” For Bincea! You will walk to the other side of the realm of Death.
 Because then, Worldman said:
 “Such as Pachacharie, a man who gave the believers, and Odah, and Arropijo
 The same you should also send a letter, Bincia! You will walk to the other side of the realm of death.”
 118. In this way, I am more confident: after listening to the words of Muni,
 Opened cover, righteous, not deserted, talented.
 “This way I get more confident”: “This way I am more confident, I am more confident, I trust more (fixed), I'm more successful: 'Everything is invincible. ' Faith, I am more trusting (fixed), I am more successful; “Everything is bitter” I am more confident... (medium) 'All law is no me' I am more confident... “Any collection is extinguishing method” I am more confident, I trust more (fixed), I am more successful.” For this I get more confident.
 “After hearing the words of Muni”: Mune was called wisdom... (medium) beyond the dyed net after he was Muni. “After hearing the words of Muni”: “Your words, words, teachings, teachings, admonitions, after hearing, grasping, understanding, and discerning.” After listening to the words of Muni.
 “Covers have been opened”: “Coverage”, there are five kinds of coverage: the cover of thirst love, the cover of the see, the cover of pollution, the cover of evil acts, the cover of the unknown, the cover of the Buddhist and Worldly. Opened, destroyed [, unlocked], completely unlocked, cut off, severed, calmed down, stopped, could not be born, has been burned by wisdom fire, so Buddha is an open cover . “The Joyer,” that is the Worldman... (Kana), who testified, is the Joyer.” For those who have been turned on cover, positive sense.
 “Not deserted, talented”: “The “not deserted”, the greedy barren, the barren of the barren, the barren of indigence, the barren of anger, the barren of resentment... (middle) all bad creation of the barren, those desolate to the Buddha 、Worldom has been cut off, the root has been cut off, like a palm tree without roots, become a non-existence, for the future, therefore, Buddha is not deserted.
 There are three kinds of defending talents: those who have learned talents, those who have been questioned, and those who testify. What are the talents learned? Here, a certain category of people is a learner of Buddhist language (Buddhist speech): Shutara, the night, remembered, Gatore, Utana, such as language, ben, no law, Pifura, according to his learning, this is The talents learned.
 What are the talents of the questioning? Here, a certain category of people in [their own] interests, righteous [interests], special characteristics, reasons, possible and impossible (excuses), according to his [that] interroperation appears after the [that] interroperation, this is all over the question. The person.
 What is a testimonial defender? Here, a certain category of people is four, four positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven senses, eight holy ways, four salmon fruit, four talents, four talents, six god, for him is known to the righteous, the known jurisprudence, Known words, in the already known sense of reason are defended, in the known law law is defended, in the known words appear, about these three kinds of wisdom is no obstacle to the solution, Worldzum arrived (have), fully arrived (with), Enter, fully enter, full, fully sufficient, have this argument is no obstacle to the solution, so the Buddha is a defectionist. What will he plead without learning, and he has not asked, nor has he testified? For those who are not deserted, for those who have
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “This way I am more confident: after listening to the words of Muni,
 Has opened the cover, the righteous, not the desolate, the talents.”
 119. After testifying to the High Heaven, he understood everything from him,
 Master is the end of the problem, the doubted person agrees.
 “After Testimonial High Heaven”: “Days”, there are three days: worldly days, birthdays, clean days. What is Worldly Day? Kings and princes and queens are called worldly days, these are called worldly days. What is going to be born? The four kings, thirty-three days... (in the middle) of the sky and all the heavens above it are called the past days, these are known as the past days. What is a clean day? The troubles of the Disciples of Rulaii and the Disciples have been exhausted, and all the Buddha of allNet days, these are called clean days. Worldworld is aware of the “Highest Heaven” of the worldly day, after the knowledge of the “Supreme Heaven”, after understanding, after measuring, judging, after the difference, after the identification of the “Supreme Heaven”. For the testimony to high days later.
 “He understands everything from Him”: “Worldworld understands, knows, reaches, and permeates himself and others' supreme heavens should do. What is the way your supreme heavens should do? The right road, follow the road, the inverted sidewalk [, not contradictory sidewalk (no contradictory road)], such as the meaning of the sidewalk, law with the law of the road, the ring completely, guarding the root gate, diet to know the right amount, Specializing in sober, reading and mindfulness, four remembrance... (middle) eight sacred paths, these are known as their supreme heavens should do the law.
 What is the supreme heavens of others should do? The right path... (in the middle) eight sacred paths, which are called the supreme heavens of others should be done. Thus Worldom understands, knows, reaches, and permeates himself and others' supreme heavens should do.” For him to understand everything from him.
 “Master is the end of the problem”: “Worldmaster is the end of the problem of the other side road, the ultimate, the limit (limit), the circumference (conclusion); the end of the question, the ultimate, and the boundary To be the circumference of the emperor; the emperor of the release of the issue... the question of Shin Yemo... of the Bichou problem... of the Bichou problem... of the Bichu problem... of the Yobo Zadili of the king's question The question... of the Brahman problem... of the Bisha problem... of the Dhara problem... of the angels... the end of the Brahman problem, the ultimate, the boundary, the circumference.” for the end of the problem. “Master”, “Worldhotel is the leader of the merchant, such as the team leader makes life through the danger zone of thieves, make it through the danger zone of the beast, make it through the famine danger zone, make it through the danger zone of starvation, and make it through the anhydrous The danger zone, he made it out, made it more, passed through, and made it to the ultimate place of stability. In the same vein, Worldworld is the leader of the merchant, making life through the danger zone: the danger zone of life, the old danger zone... the danger zone of the disease... the danger zone of death... making it sad, sad, miserable, worried. , desperate danger zone, make it through the danger zone of greedy, the danger zone... the danger zone... slow danger zone... see the danger zone... the dangerous zone of pollution... make it through the dangerous zone of evil acts, make it Through the greedy jungle, the jungle... the jungle of devil... slow jungle... see the jungle... polluted jungle... make it through the jungle of evil deeds, he makes it out, makes it pass through, and makes it reach. Safe, undead, Nibbana.” This is Worldhotel as the leader of the merchant.
 Or, “Worldly is the guide, the revolt, the pacer, the prophet, the deliberate, the person who makes it see, and makes it clear.” This is also Worldhotel as the leader of the merchant. Or, “Worldom is the founder of the unborn, the producer of the unborn, the preaching of the unborn; the knowledge of the way, the knowledge of the knowledge, and the knowledge of the way, and [his] disciples now live in the way. , and later for the possesses. This is also Worldhotel as the leader of the merchant.” For the master is the end of the problem.
 “Suspected person identification”: “The person in doubt becomes undoubtful after the arrival of the person; the person with a mark becomes no mark; the person who has doubts becomes undoubtful after the arrival of the doubtful; the arrival of the greedy After it becomes a greedy; a hawker becomes a deserted after the arrival of an idiot; and a polluter becomes an unpolluted after the arrival of a polluter. Recognize for the doubted person.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “After testifying to the High Heaven, he understood everything from him,
 The master is the end of the problem, and the doubted people agree.
 120. who cannot be moved and cannot be shaken, there is no metaphor for that, no matter where it may be,
 Indeed, I will go, there is no doubt here for me, so please remember me as a winner.
 “Can not be moved, can not be shaken”: “can not be moved is called immortal, Nibbana, that is the end of all lines, all according to the conviction, thirst of love is extinct, away from greed, extinct, Nibbana. “Can not be moved”, “cannot be greed, indigent, angry, resentment, hiding evil, arbitrariness, jealousy, stingy, hypocrisy, cunning, stubborn, passion, slow, slow, slow, relaxing, all pollution, everything Evil deeds, all scorching fever, all troubles, all annoyances, all irritated, all bad to make moving Nibbana is often, strong, eternal, immutable.” It cannot be moved.
 “Can not be shaken”, can not be shaken is called undead, nigneWa, that's the end of everything... (medium) out, Nibbana. Nibbana is born unknown, it has not dissipated, its mutations are not known, Nibbana is regular, sturdy, eternal, immutable.” For those that cannot be moved and cannot be shaken.
 “There is no metaphor for that, no matter where it is”: “For that, for Nibbana. There is no metaphor, no analogy, no comparison, no equivalent, no similarity, it does not exist, is not known, not found. “No matter where, no matter where, where, somewhere, inside or outside itself.” There is no metaphor for that no matter where it is.
 “Indeed, I will go, and there is no doubt here for me”: “Yes, it is a decisive (always) word, no doubt, a word of confidence, no doubt, a word of instruction, no error Words of not fail, this is the word of certainty, is “true”. “I will go,” 'I will go, I will arrive, I will reach, and I will testify. ' For sure I'm going to go. “No doubt here for me”, “Here”, no doubt, no hesitation, no doubt, no doubt, no doubt, not present, not known, not found, disconnected, cut off, cut off, was Calm down, stopped, not born, burned by wisdom fire.” To be sure I will go、For me there is no doubt here。
 “Let you remember me as a man of victory”: 'Remember me so that you may remember me. ' “The winner”, to the Nibbana low-slant, to the Nibbana, to the Nibbana slope, to the Nibbana. So please remember me as a winner.
 Because then, the top Pinkia said:
 “There is no metaphor for those who cannot be moved, and cannot be shaken, no matter where they may be,
 Indeed, I will go, and there is no doubt here for me, so please remember me as a winner.”
 Explanation of Eighteenth [Completed] on the Eighteenth of the Coast Road.
 Completed on the other side road products.

Excerpt:
 1. the law taught by Worldmaster is directly visible, instant, and other teachers teach law are rumors, theories increase.
 2. Believe in the love of the pedestrian: I saw him like my eyes, day and night, and I spend the night in the salute. Whosoever walks in the direction of the wide-wise, I salute him in that direction, and my will be united with him.
 3. Nibbana: thirsty love extinction, no disaster, can not be moved, can not be shaken, that is all line, all according to the judgment, away from greed, extinction, for that no matter where there is no metaphor vs. Nibbana is constant, sturdy, eternal, immutable ⇒ Take the first step towards my net.
 11/12/2020 06:05