Rhino Horn Sutra
  Explanation of Rhino Horn Sutra
   First product
    121. After putting down the stick to all living things, none of them hurts,
       shouldn't you want your son to have companions from? Should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     "After putting down the stick to all living things": "Everything", all completely, completely in every aspect, without surplus, and the whole, this is the word of ubiquity, which is "everything." "Students" are called the weak and the strong. The "cowards" belong to those who tremble, their thirst, and those who have not been cut off, as well as those who are terrified and afraid of not being cut off. For what reason are they called the cowards? They tremble, fear, terror, fear, come to fear, and for this reason they are called cowards. "Strong ones" belong to those who have been cut off from trembling and thirst, and those who have been cut off from fear and fear. For what reason are they called the strong? They do not tremble, fear, fear, fear, or fear, and for this reason they are called strong. "Sticks", there are three kinds of sticks: body sticks, speech sticks, and mind sticks. There are three kinds of sticks for the body, four kinds of sticks for evil acts and three kinds of sticks for evil intentions. "After putting down the stick to all living things": After putting down and putting the stick on all living things.
"None of them hurts": "The life of each sentient being will not be injured by clods, or sticks, or swords, or chains, or ropes. Do not use mud or sticks or sticks for all living beings. Those who hurt with swords, chains, or ropes.” Because none of them hurts.
     "You shouldn't want your son to have companions from where": "No" is negative. "Sons", there are four kinds of sons: sons born to himself, sons born in the field, sons of adopted sons, and sons of apprentices. "Companion", whoever has a happy relationship, a happy coming, a happy communication, a happy standing, a happy sitting, a happy lying, a happy talking, a happy conversation, a happy talk, a happy interlocutor is Called companion. "You shouldn't want your son to have companions from where": "Son shouldn't want, accept, hope, or pray, from where should he want, accept, hope, pray for friends, or acquaintances , Or close person, or companion." Why shouldn't I want my son to have companions from?
"Should walk alone like a rhino horn": ""Alone", the lonely enlightened person is alone by the name of a monk, alone with the righteousness without a partner, alone with the righteousness of the thirst for love, "Always free from greed "Is alone, "Yixiangliying" is alone, "Yixianglizhi" is alone, "Always no pollution" is alone, "have passed the road without forks" is alone, "have already realized the supreme self-consciousness" For alone.
     How is that single enlightened person alone in the name of a monk? "After the lonely enlightened person cut off all obstacles to home, after cutting off the obstacles of children and wife, after cutting off the obstacles of relatives [, after cutting off the obstacles of friends], after cutting off the obstacles of storage, shave off his hair After being wrapped in robes, he went from being a monk at home to a non-house life, and after entering a state of nothingness, he walked, lived, moved, turned, guarded, survived, and survived. "This is the single enlightened person who is alone in the name of a monk.
     How is the single enlightened person who is alone without a partner? "When he was such a monk, he was alone in the woods, wild forests, and border dwellings (sitting places): quiet, quiet, away from the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for sitting alone; he [walk alone, ]Walk alone, stand alone, sit alone, lie alone, enter the village alone for alms, go forward alone, return alone, sit alone in a quiet place, perform alone, walk alone, live, move, turn, guard, and survive alone , Make survival. "In this way, the single enlightened person regards unpartnered righteousness as alone.
     How is the single enlightened person who thirst for love and righteousness is alone? He is so alone and without a partner, he should live in reluctance, enthusiasm, self-effort, great diligence, and diligence, after destroying the demon accompanied by the army, the evil demon, the relatives of the liberated, the net, the strong mobile, The entangled thirsty loves him to abandon, drive away, make the end, and make it go to non-existence.
    『People who have thirsty love as their partner, reincarnate for a long time,
       becomes this state, other states, does not go beyond reincarnation.
       knows this kind of trouble: craving is the origin of suffering,
       Departure from thirsty love, no taking, bhikkhus should march conscientiously. 』[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746 verse]
     This is the one who is alone with the desire for love and righteousness.
     How can the one who is alone in enlightenment consider "always free from greed" as alone? "Take one of the states of greed to renounce greed" as being alone, "to renounce greed in one of the statesLigao is aloneness, one of the state of renunciation of ignorance is to be alone, and one of the state of renunciation of ignorance is to be alone. In this way, the single enlightened person is alone with "always free from greed.
     How is that single enlightened person "has crossed the road without fork" as alone? The path without a fork is called the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four god feet, the five senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment factors, and the eight sacred paths.
    『The one who sees the death of life, the one who is pitiful, knows that there is no way,
       used this way to cross the storm in the past, and they will be and present. 』[SN.47.18]
     This is the single enlightened person who "has crossed the road without fork" as alone.
     How is that single enlightened person "has been enlightened alone, the supreme independent enlightenment" is alone? Enlightenment is called wisdom, wisdom, root of wisdom, power of wisdom, enlightenment, investigation, vipassana, and right view on the four realms. The one who is enlightened only by the way, the enlightened by the way, and the enlightened with the wisdom alone feels that "all actions are impermanent"; that "all actions are suffering"; that "all dhammas are selfless"; Feeling that “knowledge is based on deeds”; feel that “knowledge is dependent for name and form”; feel that “touch is based on six locations”; feel that “feeling is based on touch”; "Received as the predestined to have thirst for love"; felt "Thirsty and love as the predestined to obtain"; felt "to take as the predestined for existence"; felt "to be predestined for existence"; felt "to be born" There is old death due to the condition; feeling “to die with the extinguishment of ignorance”; to feel “to die with the deeds to know and to die”; to feel “to extinguish with the name and to perish”; to feel “to extinguish with the name and form”; Feeling "destroyed in six places"; feeling "destroyed by touching"; feeling "destroyed by thirst"; felt "destroyed by thirst"; felt "being destroyed by extinguishing Extinguish”; feel that “existence and death will lead to birth and death”; feel that “existence and death will lead to death and death”; feel that “this is suffering”; feel that “this is suffering collection”; feel that “this is suffering and extinguish”; feel that this is leading to suffering Feeling that "these are troubles"; feel that "this is the set of troubles"... (slightly) feel that "this is the path leading to troubles"; feel that these dhammas should be ubiquitous; feel that These dhammas should be cut off"; feel that "these dhammas should be testified"; feel that "these dhammas should be practiced"; feel the gathering, destruction, pleasure, trouble, and renunciation of the six touches; The gathering of the abundance... (abbreviated in the middle) the renunciation; the perception of the gathering, the extinction, the pleasure, the trouble, and the renunciation;
Or, where [any] should be felt, should be conscious, should be awakened, should be enlightened, should be proven, should be touched, should be testified, everything is subject to that alone Awareness, awareness, awakening [, enlightenment], attainment, touch, and testimony. In this way, the one who has been enlightened alone is alone.
     "Should do", there are eight types of behaviors: behaviors (prestige road) behaviors, conduct behaviors, mindful behaviors, fixed behaviors, wisdom behaviors, Taoism, reach, and world benefits. "Behavior, behavior, and behavior" are about the four behaviors, "Chuxing" is about the six inner and outer regions, "Mindfulness" is about the four mindfulnesses, "Damage" is about the four kinds of Zen, and "Wisdom" is about the four noble truths. "Tao Xing" refers to the Four Noble Ways, "Arrival Xing" refers to the Four Samanas, and "World Benefits" refers to the Tathagata, Arahats, Enlightened Ones, some Enlightened Ones, and Some Sentences (disciples). Behavior and behavior belong to those who have sufficient vows (ambitions), behavior belongs to those who guard the roots, mindfulness and behavior belong to those who do not let go, fixed behavior belongs to those who strive to increase the mind, and wisdom and behavior belong to those who have enough. For those who do, the Taoism belongs to the righteous person, the attainment action belongs to the attained person, and the world-benefit actions belong to the Tathagata, the Arahat, the Enlightened One, part of the Enlightened One, and the part of the Enlightened One. These are the eight types of actions. The next eight types of behavior: those who overcome the solution will act with faith, those who strive with vitality will act with their vitality, those who make it appear will act with thoughts, those who establish (do) do not distract will act with determination, those who know know will act with wisdom To act, the one who knows to walk with the act of knowledge, "In this way, the one who walks in the way makes all the good dhamma survive. 』Walking in order to walk, “in this way those who walk the way reach excellence. "To walk with excellence, these are eight kinds of behaviors.
The next eight types of behavior: the seeing behavior of the righteous person, the (heart)-oriented behavior of the righteous person, the taking and receiving behavior of the righteous person, the innocent behavior of the righteous person, the hard working behavior of the righteous person, The present action of the mindful person, the non-scattering action of the right minded person [Ps.1,12], these are eight kinds of action.
     "Like a rhino horn", the horn of a rhino is truly unique. In the same way, the one who is enlightened alone is like that one, equivalent to that one, and contrasting to that one. "If it is too salty, it is called as salt, if it is too bitter, it is called bitter, if it is too sweet, it is called like honey, if it is too hot, it is called like fire, and if it is too cold, it is called like ice. Known as Ruhai, the disciples who reach the great supernatural power are calledAs a master. 』Similarly, the single enlightened person is there like that one, equals to that, contrasts to that, alone without partner (no duality), free from bondage, and he walks, lives, and acts correctly in the world. , Turn up, guard, make survival, make survival. "Because you should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "After putting down the stick to all living things, none of them hurts,
       shouldn't you want your son to have companions from? Should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    122. Connecting the arising person generates love, and the suffering of love arises with the accompanying,
      , watching the troubles of love, should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     "The connection that arises generates love": "connection", there are two kinds of connection: the connection of seeing and the connection of hearing. What is the link to see? Here, a certain type of people see the upright, beautiful, and beloved women and girls with the most beautiful face like a lotus. After seeing them and seeing them, they control the details: "Hair, or a beautiful face, or beauty Good eyes, or good ears, or good nose, or good lips, or good teeth, or good mouth, or good neck, or good breasts, or good Chest, or beautiful abdomen, or beautiful waist, or beautiful thigh, or beautiful calf, or beautiful palm, or beautiful sole, or beautiful finger, or beautiful nail[ Etc.] All beautiful and good." After seeing, rejoicing after seeing, welcome, hope, make follow birth, follow the bondage of greed, this is the connection of seeing.
     What is a link to hear? Here, a certain type of people heard: "In a village or town with a name like that, there are women or girls who are upright, beautiful, and beloved, with the most beautiful face like a lotus." After hearing it, they were happy, welcome, and hoped. , Make follow the birth, follow the bondage of greed, this is the connection of hearing.
     "Love", there are two kinds of love: the love of thirsting and the love of seeing. What is love love? All are called boundaries, realms, scopes, borders, grasped, and regarded as one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so many are Mine, this area is mine; [my] color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things spread on the ground, coats, maids and male servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and Horses, mules, horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins, villages, towns, capitals, places, treasuries, warehouses, all the land, because they are thirsty and regard them as their own, all 108 thirsty trends [AN.4.199] As far as [AN.4.199] is concerned, this is the love of love.
    What is the love of seeing? There are twenty views of the body, ten evil views, ten side views, all views like this, evil views, jungle views, desert views, distorted views, shaken views, The clinging, acceptance, holding, clinging to the bound view, the place where the evil way, the evil way, the evil nature, the outside way depend, the clasping of the inversion (vipariyesa), the clinging of the inversion (viparīta), the inversion (vipallāsa) The grip of evil, the grip of evil, the grip of "[see] the real in the unreal", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, this is the love of seeing.
"Connecting the arising person generates love": "The love that craves and the love that sees is generated, arises, arises, is produced, arises, arises, and appears with the connection of seeing and the connection of hearing." Those who arise generate love.
"The suffering of love arises": ""Love", there are two kinds of love: the love of thirsting and the love of seeing... (slightly omitted) this is the love of thirsting... (slightly omitted) this is the love of seeing. "This suffering arises." Here, a certain type of person practices evil deeds of the body, words evil deeds, and intentions evil deeds. He kills, takes without giving, invades others, takes predators, blocks roads, robs, and abducts wives. Saying vain, after he was captured, they went to see the king: "Your Majesty! This is a thief, a criminal, let you punish this sentence." The king rebuked him, and he took blame for it [causing terror to arise, he] Feeling suffering, sorrow, where does this horror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.
The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imprisoned him with handcuffs, or with ropes, or with fetters, or with vines, or with kudzu vines, or by throwing into chains, or by fences, or by The village is tied to the town [, or to the city], or to the country, or to the place, and it is even declared: "You must not walk away from here. 』He also feels suffering and sorrow by the bondage,Where did this terror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.
    The king is not satisfied with this situation. The king will carry his property to him: hundreds or thousands or one hundred thousand. He also feels suffering and sorrow due to the loss of property. Where did this horror, suffering and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.
The king was not satisfied with this situation. The king imposed various penalties on other places: whipping, beating with a stick, beating with a stick, cutting off hands, feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, ears and nose, and imposing sour porridge. Pot punishment, shell bald punishment, Luohou's mouth punishment, fire torture, candle hand punishment, exorcism, bark clothing punishment, antelope punishment, hook flesh punishment, money punishment, alkaline bath punishment, twisted door lock punishment, straw foot pedal punishment, drenching Hot oil, making the dog bite, making a piercing while alive, beheading with a sword, he also feels suffering and sorrow due to punishment. Where did this horror, suffering and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed. The king is the master of these four types of staff.
With his own work and the disintegration of his body, he was reborn in the world of suffering, evil, the lower world, and hell after death. The jailers imposed five types of punishment on him: they made the red hot iron rod pass through the palm, and they made the red hot iron rod pass through the palm. After the second palm, they passed the red hot iron rod through the sole of the foot, they passed the red hot iron rod through the second sole of the foot, and they passed the red hot iron rod through the chest in the middle. He felt bitter, fierce [, violent, MN.129], pungent feelings there, and he would not die until the evil karma was eliminated. Where did this terror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.
After the jailers lay him down, they cut him with an axe... (omitted) After the jailers grabbed him up and down, they cut him with a small axe... the jailers yoke him on the car and set him on fire. Fire, the burned, radiant ground to and fro... the jailers made him climb up and down the burned, shining charcoal volcano... After the jailers caught him up and down, they threw them into the hot, In the blazing, burning, reddish copper pot, he was boiled with foam there, and when he was boiled with foam there, he walked up suddenly, walked up suddenly, walked up suddenly , Walking sideways at once. He felt bitter [, intense], violent, and pungent sensations there, and he would not die until the evil karma was eliminated. Where did this terror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.
    『There are four doors in the four corners, divided into equal parts,
       is surrounded by iron walls, and the top is covered by iron.
       The land is made of iron, and it is burned to light by the fire,
       all a hundred yoshin, exist after all.
       It’s terrible to burn miserably, but it’s hard to get close to it
The appearance of        with upright hair is a horror of suffering.
      From the east wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
       was burning with evil karma and was counterattacked in the west.
       again from the west wall, Huoju was waiting,
       burned with evil karma and was counterattacked in the east.
       again from the north wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
       was burning with evil karma and was counterattacked in the south.
       again from the south wall, the fire gathering was waiting,
       burned with evil karma, and was counterattacked in the north.
       waited from below again, the terrifying fire gathered,
       Burning evil karma, was counterattacked on the roof
       From the roof waiting, the terrifying fire gathers,
       burned with evil karma and was counterattacked on the ground.
       The blazing iron pot, the red heat is like being burned,
       This infinite hell belongs to [both] seen from below.
       where all beings are violent, the author of the big crime,
       are extremely evil karma, they are tortured and immortal.
       The body is equivalent to fire: belonging to the dweller of that hell,
       The seer of solid karma, [Charcoal Fire] has no ashes or charcoal.
       They ran to the east and from there to the west,
       They ran to the north and from there to the south.
       Everywhere they ran out, the doors were closed,
       They have a desire to go out, and sentient beings are seekers of escape.
       They don’t go out there, they get it by karma,
       For those bad karma, there are many things that have been done and immature. 』
     Where did this terror, suffering, and sorrow arise? It arises from his love, happiness, greed, joy and greed.
     Again, all the suffering of hell, the suffering of the animal world, the suffering of the hungry ghost world, the suffering of mortals, where those are arising, where are they produced,Where did it happen, where did it be born, where did it appear? Be arisen? It is produced, arises, arises, is produced, arises, arises, arises with his love as a condition, happiness as condition, greed as condition, joy and greed as condition. "This suffering arises for the companionship of love.
     "Watching the troubles of love": "Love", there are two types of love: the love of thirsting and the love of seeing... (slightly omitted) this is the love of thirsting... (slightly omitted) this is the love of seeing. "Watching the troubles of love": "The troubles of the love of love and the love of seeing, he watched, saw, watched, meditated, and observed." To watch the troubles of love You should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "Connect the arising person to form love, and the suffering of love arises,
      , watching the troubles of love, should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    123. To those who pity friends and confidantes, make the interests retreat and the heart is bound,
      , watching the horror of intimate communication, should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Pity for friends and confidantes will deprive their interests and be constrained": ""Friends", there are two kinds of friends: friends at home and friends (Cambodia version). What is a friend at home? Here, a certain category People give what is hard to give, what is hard to give, what is hard to do, what is hard to do, forgive (tolerate) what is hard to forgive, he tells [you his] secret, keeps [your] secret, and never forsakes in disasters, he is The one who gave his life for [you] [DN.31], he does not contempt when [you] is exhausted, this is a friend at home.
     What is a buddhist monk? Here, the bhikkhu is a lovable, agreeable, respectable, admirer, interpreter, tolerant of other people’s words, and a esoteric talker. He does not encourage [AN.7.37] and persuade on non-increasing precepts. He persuaded him in the four-mindfulness practice effort, in the four sages... (slightly omitted) in the four gods... in the five senses... in the five forces... in the seven enlightenment factors... in the eight sages Taoist practice tried to persuade, this is a friend of the monk.
Those who are happy to go with, happy to come [, happy to come and go], happy to stand, happy to sit, happy lying, happy talking, happy conversation, happy talk, happy interlocutors are called confidant. "Pity a friend, a confidant, and he will lose interest." "A friend, a confidant, an acquaintance, a close person, a companion, a considerer, a sorrower, abandoning his interests, the interests of others, and the interests of both, also Abandoning the interests of the present life and the interests of the next life also causes the highest interests to retreat, forcefully retreat, retreat, lose, avoid, and eliminate those who have pity for friends and confidants, he makes the interests retreat.
     "The heart is bound", the heart is bound in two ways: make oneself stand in lowliness, make others stand in nobility while the heart is restrained, or make others stand in lowliness, make oneself stand in nobleness and the heart is restrained. How to make yourself humble and make others stand up noble and flatter others? [Thinking:] 『You are very helpful to me, I rely on you to get clothes, food, shelter, the needs of patients, medical necessities, and anyone who gives or wants to do they think I am dependent on you Those who are regarded as you, all my previous names from my parents have disappeared to me, because you are known as those who frequent [some]'s home like that; those who often visit [some]'s home. "This is to make oneself humble, to make others stand noble and their hearts are bound.
    How to make others humble, make oneself stand noble and be restrained? [Thinking:] 『I am a good person to you. Because of me, you turn to the Buddha, to the law, and to the Sangha, become those who are free from killing, from those who have not given and take, from those who have not given, and those who are free from lying, and from For those who drink wine, fruit wine, and wine, I will give you instructions, give me a lot of questions, explain busa, and build temples. However, after you abandon me, respect, respect, respect, and respect other people. "This is to make others humble, and make oneself stand noble and the heart is bound. "For those who pity for friends and confidants, the interests are lost and the heart is bound.
"Watching the horror in intimate communication": "horror", the horror of life, the horror of old, the horror of sickness, the horror of death, the horror of kings, the horror of thieves, the horror of fire, the horror of water, the horror of self-reprimand The horror of the horror, the horror of others, the horror of sticks, the horror of horror, the horror of waves, the horror of the dragon, the horror of the whirlpool, the horror of the crocodile [AN.4.122], the horror of livelihood, the horror of dishonor , The horror of timidity, intoxicating horror [, horror of evil interest] in the group is the horror of horrible stiffness, erect body hair, and fear of heart worry. "In intimate communication",There are two kinds of intimate communication: [Because] the intimate communication of eagerness and the intimate communication of [因] Jian... (Omitted) This is the intimate communication of eagerness... (Omitted) This is the intimate communication of Jian. "Watching this horror in intimate communication": "This horror in intimate communication is watching, seeing, watching, watching, and observing." In order to watch the horror in intimate communication, he should Walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "To those who pity friends and confidantes, make the interests retreat and the heart is bound,
      , watching the horror of intimate communication, should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    124. It's like a huge bamboo entangled together: whoever follows his children and wives,
       Like a bamboo shoot that is not stuck, it should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"It's like a huge bamboo being entangled together": "Bamboo is called a bamboo bush. In the bamboo bush, old bamboo is stuck, entangled, entangled, attached, fixed, and obstructed. The same is true. Entangled together is called craving, it is greed, greed (complete greed), follow greed, conformity, joy, greed, the heart’s greed, want, fascination, taking, greed, big greed , Staining, sludge, disturbance, deceit, [reincarnation] root cause, [bitter] fertility, tailoring (craving), net, river, bondage, rope, attachment, accumulation, companion, wish, have The channel of desire, forest (forest), love forest (forest cluster), intimate communication [santhavo?], love, expectation, relationship, desire, desire, desire state, desire for color, desire for sound, desire for smell, desire for taste , The desire to touch, the desire to obtain, the desire of man (desire of wealth-dhanāsā/Ni.2,8), the desire of sons, the desire to survive, the state of desire, desire, prayer, greed, greed, greed, The appearance of greed, the state of greed, inquiries [profits], wing for good, illegal greed, improper greed, desire, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire for desire, some desire for desire, desire for nothingness Love, craving for color, craving for colorless craving, craving for death, craving for color, craving for sound, craving for smell, craving for taste, craving for touch, craving for Dhamma, torrent , Yoke (binding), binding, clinging, obstacles, covering, covering, binding, kilesas, latent tendency of troubles, entanglement, vines, miserly, the root of suffering, the occurrence of suffering, the devil’s catching net, The hook of the devil [, the food of the devil], the realm of the devil, the dwelling place of the devil, the bondage of the devil, the river of thirst, the net of thirst, the rope of thirst, the sea of thirst, the root of craving, greed, and unwholesomeness.
     "Love (be entangled)", what does it mean to love? The "spread" is love; the "large" is love; the "wide" is love; the "incorrect" is love; "it compels" is love; "it seizes" is love; "Fraud" is for love; "poisonous root" is for love; "poisonous fruit" is for love; "poisoned by use" is for love; or, "[that] vast thirst: in color... in sound On... On the smell... On the taste... On the touch... At home... (omitted) On the masses... On the residence... On the profit... On the reputation... On the praise... ...In pleasure...in clothes...in group food...in sitting equipment...in patients’ needs and medical necessities...in the world of desire...in the realm of form...in the realm of non-material ...In the desire to have...in the physical existence...in the colorless existence...in the thinking existence...in the non-imaginative existence...in the non-imaginative non-non-imaginative existence...in the one aggregate existence... In the four aggregates...in the five aggregates...in the past...in the future...in the present...enlarged attachments to the dhammas that can be seen, heard, felt, and can be known" For love. "It's like huge bamboos are entangled together.
"Anyone who pays attention to children and wives": "'er (son)", there are four kinds of sons: sons born to yourself, sons born in the field, adopted sons, and apprentice sons. The wife (wife) is called the one who should be supported ( Wife). Attention is called craving, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots." For those who follow on children and wives.
"Like a bamboo shoot that is not adhered": "Bamboo is called a bamboo bush. For example, the young top buds (shoots) in the bamboo bush are not stuck, attached, tied, or obstructed, and they have gone out and are not obstructed. Leaving, has become free. The same... "Being stuck (attachment)", there are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of eagerness and [Cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of thirsty... …(Slightly omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing. For the one who is only enlightened, the adhesion of eagerness has been cut off, the adhesion of seeing has been cut off, and the adhesion of eagerness has been cut off. The state of adhesion has been cut off,That single enlightened person is not stuck in color, sound, smell, taste, touch, at home... (omitted) In the masses...in the housing...in the gains...in the reputation...in the praise...in the happiness...in the clothes...in the group food...in the bed...in the needs of the patient In terms of things and medical necessities...in the world of desire...in the world of materiality...in the world of colorlessness...in desire...in material existence...in colorless existence...in thinking there is...in There is no thinking...in the non-imagining, the non-imagining, the one...the four aggregates...the five aggregates...the past...the future...the present... …Not to be stuck, not caught, not bound, not bound by the world, not fainted, separated, left, liberated, detached, not attached to, not caught, not bound, not bound, not fainted, Leaving the bondage, he lives with the heart of being limited. "It is like a bamboo shoot that is not stuck, so you should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
    "It’s like a huge bamboo being entangled together: whoever follows his children and wives,
       Like a bamboo shoot that is not stuck, it should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    125. If an unbound deer walks to the desired pasture in the forest,
       A wise person is watching freedom and should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"If a deer that is not tied is in the woods, walk to the desired pasture": ""Deer", there are two kinds of deer: the deer and the spotted deer. For example, the deer living in the woods is walking in the woods and forests. Walk at ease, stand at ease, sit at ease, and lie down at ease.
     This was said by the Blessed One [≈MN.25]: Bhikkhus! Just like a deer living in the woods, when walking in the woods and forests, walk with peace of mind, stand, sit, and lie with peace of mind. What is the reason? Bhikkhus! That is an area inaccessible to brutal men. Similarly, monks! Here, the bhikkhus live in the first jhana of seeking and waiting after entering from renunciation from desire and unwholesome dhamma, and happiness and happiness after detachment, monks! This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
     Besides, monks! Bhikkhus calm down with seeking and serving, confident, and one-minded. After entering, they live in the second jhana of no seeking or serving, and concentration produces joy and happiness, monks! This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
     Besides, monks! The bhikkhu fades away with joy and lives in peace, has mindfulness, right knowledge, and feels happiness with the body. After entering, he lives in the third jhana of this holy disciple proclaiming: "He is a calm, mindful, and happy one," Bhikkhu Guys! This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
     Besides, monks! After entering the fourth jhana, the bhikkhus live in the fourth jhana that is not painful or unhappy, after entering the fourth jhana, monks! This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
     Besides, monks! Bhikkhus transcend all lusts and thoughts, with the extinction of opposing thoughts, without thinking about all kinds of thoughts [and know]: "Void is boundless", after entering, live in the boundless void, monks! This is called the monk making the demon blind. After killing the demon's eyes, Po Xun enters a state of invisible and footless.
     Besides, monks! After Bhikkhu transcends all emptiness and boundlessness [and knowledge]: "Consciousness is boundless", after entering, live in the boundlessness of consciousness... (omitted).
     Besides, monks! [Bhikkhu] After surpassing all the boundless places of consciousness [and knowing]: "There is nothing", after entering, live in nowhere... (Omitted)
     Besides, monks! [Bhikkhu] After surpassing everything that has no possessions, after entering, he will live in a place where he wants to be... (omitted).
     Besides, monks! [Bhikkhu] After surpassing all non-thinking things, after entering, staying in wanting to be destroyed, after seeing with wisdom, all his troubles are destroyed, monks! This is called the Bhikkhu blinding the demon. After killing the demon's eyes, Bo Xun enters a state of invisible and helplessness, letting go of his attachment to the world. He walks with peace of mind, stands with peace of mind, sits with peace of mind, and lies with peace of mind. What is the reason? Bhikkhu is an unreachable area for Bo Xun. "Being like an unfettered deer walking to the desired pasture in the woods.
     "Wise people watch freedom": "Wise people (wise people)" are wise people, wise people, enlightened people, wise people, distinguished people, and wise people. "Humans" are sentient beings, human beings, student Brahmins, humans, individuals, beings, those born to being born, sentient beings, those born to Indra, and Manu. "Free", there are two kinds of freedom: free law and free man. WhatWhat is free law? Four mindfulness, four righteousness, four divine feet, five faculties, five powers, seven enlightenment factors, and eight holy ways. This is the law of freedom. What is a free man? Anyone who possesses these freedoms is called a free man. "The wise people watch freedom": "The wise people watch, see, watch, observe, and observe the freedom of Dhamma." For the wise people watch freedom, it should be like a rhino horn Go alone.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "If an unbound deer walks to the desired pasture in the forest,
       A wise person is watching freedom and should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    126. He is a negotiator among his companions: when living at home, standing, walking, traveling,
       Watching the freedom not to be desired, one should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"He is a negotiator among his companions: when staying at home, standing, walking, traveling": wherever he is happy, happy to come, happy to go with him, happy to stand, happy to sit, happy to sleep, happy Good talk, pleasant conversation, pleasant talk, and pleasant conversation are called companions. "He is a negotiator among his companions: when staying at home, standing, walking, and traveling": "When staying at home, standing, walking, and traveling among his companions, he considers his own interests, the interests of others, and both Interests, consider the interests of the current life, the interests of the afterlife, and the interests of the two (Cambodia version).” For him, he is a negotiator among his companions: when living at home, standing, walking, and traveling.
"Watching the freedom not to be desired": For the fool, the unkind, the outsider, and the outsider disciples, this is undesirable, that is: to be bald, robed and clothed; For the support Buddha (independent person), this is what is desired, that is, becoming a bald head and cassock cloth. "Free" has two kinds of freedom: free law and free man. What is free law? Four mindfulness... (slightly omitted) The eight holy paths, this is the law of freedom. What is a free man? Whoever possesses these freedoms is called a free man. "Watching the freedom not to be desired": "The freedom to watch, see, watch, meditate, and observe the Dhamma." To watch the freedom not to be desired, one should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "He is a negotiator among his companions: when living at home, standing, walking, traveling,
       Watching the freedom not to be desired, one should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    127. There is entertainment, joy among companions, and great love among sons,
       hates the cute parting, and should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     "There is entertainment and joy among companions": "Entertainment", there are two kinds of entertainment: there are two kinds of entertainment: physical entertainment and verbal entertainment. What is physical entertainment? They played with elephants, horses, carts, bows, swords and other weapons, octagonal chess, ten-eye chess, aerial chess, and hopscotch. Also play with stone jigsaw, also with dice board, also with wooden stick, also with hand, also with dice, also with leaf flute, also with toy hoe, also with somersault, also with Playing with toy windmills, you can also play with toy measuring instruments, car games, toy bows and arrows, guessing words, guessing ideas, and imitating flaws [DN.1, paragraph 14], This is physical entertainment.
    What is verbal entertainment? The sound of playing a drum with a mouth, the sound of a drum being smeared with the mouth [imitating] the sound of a drum that has been conquered by the mouth [imitating] the sound of a bend of the lips, the playing of a drum with the mouth [imitating], the mouth [imitating] The hollow sound of drums, loud cheers, commotion at dancers, singing, and joking are verbal entertainment.
     "joy", which is synonymous with being satisfied, is "joy". Those who are happy to go, come, come, go, stand, sit, lie down, talk, talk, talk, and talk, are called companions. "There is entertainment and joy in companions": "There is entertainment and joy in companions." It means there is entertainment and joy in companions.
     "and there is vast love in sons": "sons", there are four kinds of sons: sons born to oneself, sons born in the field, sons of adopted children, sons of apprentices. "And there is too much love in the son": "And there is a vast love in the son." For there is a vast love in the son.
     "Dislike the lovely separation": There are two kinds of lovely (loved): sentient beings or deeds. What are lovely beings? Here, they are the mother or father who wants to be beneficial to him, who wants to be useful, and who wants to get away from the yoke.Relatives, or brothers, or sisters, or sons, or daughters, or friends, or colleagues, or relatives, or people of blood, these are lovely beings.
    What are the cute lines? Desirable colors, desirable sounds, desirable smells, desirable flavors, desirable touches, these are lovely behaviors. "Disgusting the cute parting": "Disgusting, disgusting, and ashamed of the cute parting." To disgust the cute parting, one should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "There is entertainment, joy in companions, and vast love in sons,
       hates the cute parting, and should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    128. Become a person who is not repellent in the Quartet, who is satisfied with everything,
       Those who are tolerant of danger and those who are not scared should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"For those who do not reject the four directions": "The four directions", the single enlightened person fills one side with a heart of compassion and lives, like this second party, like this third party, like this fourth party, Like this up and down, horizontally, everywhere, to everything as to yourself, with a heart of compassion, with a heart of vastness, excellence, immeasurable, no resentment, and no malice, fill all the world and live afterwards. Walk with sorrow...(slightly omitted) Walk with joy...(slightly omitted) walk with peace and live on one side, like this second party, like this third party... The innocent heart fills the whole world and then lives. "For the four directions and not to reject those": In the state of being practised in compassion, all beings in the East will not disobey, those in the South will not disobey, and those in the West will not disobey Yes, all beings in the north are not against them, all beings in the middle of the east are not against them, and all beings in the middle of the south are not against them, and all beings in the middle of the west are not against them. It’s non-violating. All beings in the middle of the north are not against them. All beings below are not against them. All beings above are not against them. All beings in all directions are not against them. It is not against; in a state of sadness that has been practiced... in a state of joy that has been practiced... in a state that has been practiced calmly, all beings in the East are not against them... (omitted) beings in all directions It is not against it. "In order to become a member of the Quartet.
"To the one who is satisfied with everything": "The One Enlightened One is the one who is satisfied with whatever clothes, and praises the satisfaction with whatever clothes. He does not come to inappropriate evil because of clothes. Please, don’t tremble if you don’t get clothes, don’t get the clothes tied, don’t faint, innocent, have seen the troubled land, can be used with wisdom and wisdom [SN.16.1], and he does not use this No matter what kind of clothes are satisfied, praise oneself, and do not despise others. Those who are skilled, not lazy, righteous, and mindful are called the single enlightened person who lives in the past highest holy caste [DN. 33/AN.4.28]. It is a person who is satisfied with whatever feeding... (omitted).
It is a person who has been satisfied no matter what the place of residence... (omitted) is the person who has satisfied no matter what the patient’s needs and medical necessities are, and is praised for no matter what the patient’s needs and medical necessities have been satisfied, he Do not come to inappropriate evils because of the patients’ needs and medical necessities, do not tremble without getting the patients’ needs and medical necessities, and get the patients’ necessities and medical necessities without being tied up, not fainted, He is innocent, has seen the troubled land, and has been used with wisdom and wisdom. Moreover, he neither praises himself for the satisfaction of the needs and medical necessities of any patient, nor does he contempt others. Laziness, right knowledge, and mindfulness, this is called the single enlightened one who lives in the highest holy caste of the past. "For those who are satisfied with everything.
     "Those who are tolerant of distress and do not frighten": ""Distress", there are two types of distress: obvious distress and secret distress. What are the obvious dangers? Lions, tigers, leopards, bears, dogs, wolves, bison, elephants, snakes, scorpions, centipedes, or thieves or gangsters who do bad things or are ready to do bad things, eye diseases, ear diseases, nose diseases, tongue diseases, body diseases, head Diseases, external ear disease, mouth disease, dental disease, cough, wheezing, external nose disease, fever, old age, abdominal disease, coma, diarrhea, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease, epilepsy, ringworm, scabies , Rheumatoid ringworm, scratches (a type of hysteria), dry and cracked skin, blood biliary disease, diabetes, hemorrhoids, rashes (boils), hemorrhoids (ulcers), diseases caused by gallbladder, diseases caused by phlegm, diseases caused by wind, etc. , [Three] diseases caused by a combination of seasons, diseases caused by incorrect postures, sudden attacksDiseases, diseases born from the fruit of karma, such as cold, heat, hunger, thirst, feces, urine, contact with fly mosquitoes, sun snakes, etc., are called obvious dangers.
     What are the hidden dangers? Body evil, speech evil, intentional evil, desire cover, malice cover, sleepy cover, demotion and regret cover, doubt cover, greed, aversion, ignorance, anger, resentment, hide evil, bossy, jealousy , Stingy, deceit, cunning, stubbornness, passion, slowness, extreme slowness, stubbornness, relaxation, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all anxiety, all enthusiasm, all unwholesome deeds, these are called hidden Secret danger.
     What are the hidden dangers? Body evil, speech evil, intentional evil, desire cover, malice cover, sleepy cover, demotion and regret cover, doubt cover, greed, aversion, ignorance, anger, resentment, hide evil, bossy, jealousy , Stingy, deceit, cunning, stubbornness, passion, slowness, extreme slowness, stubbornness, letting go, all pollution, all evil deeds, all troubles, all anxious heat, all heat, and all unwholesome deeds, these are called hidden Secret danger.
     "Distress", what is the meaning of distress? "Conquer all over" is a crisis; "guide to retreat" is a crisis; "live there" is a crisis. How is "conquering all over" as peril? Those distresses who conquer, conquer, defeat, overwhelm, end, and crush that person are "conquer all over" as distress.
     How is "guided retreat" in distress? Those obstacles and retreats that lead to good dhamma in crisis, which good dhamma? The right way, the following way, the inverted way [, the way of non-contradiction (the way of no contradiction)], the way as it means, the way of the law, the precepts are complete, guarding the roots, knowing the right amount of food, specializing in sobriety , Mindfulness and Right Knowledge, Four Mindfulness...Four Divine Feet...Five Senses...Five Forces...Seven Enlightenment Factors...Effective Practice of the Eight Sacred Paths, the obstacles that lead to these good dhamma, Retreat, this is "guided retreat" as a crisis.
     How is "inhabiting there" in danger? There, these evil and unwholesome laws arose to be restrained by individuals, such as burrowing animals lying in caves; aquatic animals lying in water; forest animals lying in the forest; arboreal animals lying in trees. In the same way, these evil and unwholesome laws give rise to mutual dependence. This is the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Lord [SN.35.151]: "Monks! Bhikkhus with apprentices and masters live in misery and restlessness. But, monks! How is it that monks with disciples and masters live in distress and uneasy? Bhikkhus! Here, after seeing the color with his eyes, the bhikkhu has the memories and intentions of those evil and unwholesome Dhamma that follow the knot. "They live in him; evil and unwholesome laws live and enter (occupies)." Therefore, he is called "have disciples." "They conquer him; evil and unwholesome laws conquer him." Therefore, he is called "the master."
     Besides, monks! After the monk hears the sound with his ears...(slightly) after smelling the smell with his nose...(slightly omitted) after tasting the smell with his tongue...(slightly omitted) touching the touch with his body...(slightly omitted) after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, he arises Yu Jie’s memories and intentions of evil and unwholesome Dhamma. "They live in him; evil and unwholesome laws live and enter (occupy)." Therefore, he is called "a disciple." "{Evil and unwholesome laws conquer him with that conquest}[They conquer him; evil and unwholesome laws conquer him]." Therefore, he is called "the master. Bhikkhus! In this way, monks with disciples and masters live in misery and restlessness. "This is also the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Lord [It.88]: "Monks! There are these three types of internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances. Bhikkhus! Greed is internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, internal grievances; monks! Sorrow... (slightly) monks! Infatuation is internal dirt, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances. Bhikkhus! These are the three types of internal grime, internal non-friends, internal enemies, internal killers, and internal grievances. 』
    『Creed is the cause of no benefit, and greed is the one who shakes the heart,
       Horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       The greedy person does not know the benefits, the greedy person cannot see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can conquer with greed.
      瞋 is the cause of no benefit, anger is the one that shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       The angry do not know the benefits, the angry cannot see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: a man who can conquer.
       foolishness is the cause of no benefit, foolishness is the one that shakes the heart,
       horror arises from it, and people don’t realize it.
       fools don’t know the benefits, fools can’t see the law,
       At that time he was a blind dark one: anyone who can be conquered by idiots. 』
     like thisIt is the danger of "living there".
     This was said by the World Zun [SN.3.2]: "The King! When the three laws within a man arise, disadvantage, suffering, and restlessness arise. Which three are there? King! When the greed within the man himself arises, disadvantages, sufferings, and restlessness arise; lord! When the aggression within the man himself arises... (Omitted) King! When the foolishness within the man arises, disadvantages, sufferings, and restlessness arise, Lord! When these three methods within the man arise, disadvantage, suffering, and restlessness arise. 』
    『Greed, aversion, foolish, disgusting man,
       hurt oneself, like many fruits [damage] its tree heart. 』
     This is also "inhabiting there" in danger.
     This was said by the World Zun: [SN.10.3]
    『From here, there are greed and anger, from here unhappiness, happiness, and body hair stand up.
       arises from here and then seeks intentionally, like a little boy letting a crow go. 』
     This is also "inhabiting there" in danger.
     "Those who endure the dangers", "the ones who endure in danger, the winners, the overwhelming, the terminator, the renegade. 』For those who are tolerant of danger. "The one who does not frighten", the one who is only enlightened is the one who is not timid, not frightened, not frightened, and does not run away. He lives in a person who has given up fear of fear and has stood up from his body. For those who are tolerant of danger and not frightened, they should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "Become a person who is not repellent in the Quartet, who is satisfied with everything,
       Those who are tolerant of danger and those who are not scared should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    129. Even if there are some monks who are difficult to take care of, there are lay members who live at home,
       After becoming someone who doesn’t care about other people’s sons, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Even if there are some monks, it is difficult to take advantage": "Here, even if there is a type of monks, although they should be given refuge, although they are given instructions, they are given many questions, although they are given clothes, they are given And the bowl, although it was given a copper bowl, although it was given a water filter, although it was given a water filter pouch, although it was given a bag, although it was given a shoe, although it was given a belt, they would not listen, If you don’t listen to your ears, don’t need to know, those who are disloyal, disobedient, and opposing behaviors, don’t turn your face to others [Ni.2].” Because even some monks are difficult to get along with.
"There are also resident families who live at home": "Here, even if there is a type of resident who should be given elephants... (Omitted) Although they are given cars, fields, homes, gold, and gold coins, they are given to villages... (Omitted) Towns...Cities...Royal capital...Although they are given places, they don’t listen, don’t listen to them, don’t need to know them. If they are disloyal, disobedient, or opposing behavior, don’t go Face to the others." Because there are still lay members living at home.
"After becoming someone who does not care about the sons of others": "Besides being the sons of others in all this sense except for myself. After becoming indifferent to the sons of those other people, after becoming a less busy person, becoming a non-concerning person After that.” In order to become someone who doesn’t care about other people’s sons, one should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "Even if there are some monks who are difficult to take care of, there are lay members living at home,
       After becoming someone who doesn’t care about other people’s sons, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    130. After abandoning the mark of the family, such as the ebony tree whose leaves have been cut,
       After the hero cuts off the bondage of his family, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"After abandoning the mark of the family": hair, beard, wreath, spices, balm, accessories (璎珞), accessories (璎珞), clothes, coveralls, headband, massage, rubbing, bathing, rubbing Mirror, eye ointment, garland perfume balm, face powder, face cream, bracelet, ribbon hair accessory, stick, tube, sword, umbrella, colorful shoes, bun, orb, whisk, long and short white clothes (Thailand version) Etc. are called laymen's marks. "After abandoning the mark of the family member": "After the family member's mark is abandoned, after completely abandoning, after being put down, after stopping." After the mark of abandoning the family member.
"Like an ebony tree whose leaves have been cut off": "If the leaves of an ebony tree have been cut, cut off, fallen, fallen, similarly, the mark of the layman of the single enlightened person has been cut Broken, cut off, fallen down." It is like an ebony tree with its leaves cut off.
"After the hero cuts off the bondage of his family": "Hero", "Energetic" is a hero; "Able" is a hero; "Sufficient" is a hero; "Sufficient" is a hero; "Brave" is a hero; "Heroic" is a hero; "one who is not afraid" is a hero; "no terror" is a hero;"Fearers" are heroes; "those who do not run away" are heroes; "Those who have renounced terror and fear" are heroes; "Those who have left their bodies and erected hair" are heroes.
    Here has gone from all evil abstainers to a state of vitality after transcending hell suffering,
    He is an energetic person and a hardworking person. People like this can be called a hero. [Sn.3.6]
Sons, wives, male servants, maids, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and horses, mules and horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins, villages, towns, royal capitals, places, treasury, warehouse, whatever Things that can be corrupted by greed are called the bondage of the lay family.
"After the hero cuts off the bondage of the family member": "The one who is alone is a hero. After the bondage of the family member is cut off, after he is broken, after abandoning, after being driven away, after the end, making him go to non-existence After." After cutting off the bondage of his family members for the hero, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "After abandoning the mark of the family, like an ebony tree with its leaves cut off,
       After the hero cuts off the bondage of his family, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
     First product [Completed].


Summary:
Don't want wives and children (entangled bamboo thickets), close friends and confidantes (connection = fetters→love→bitter troubles and the horror of loss of interest being bound), lovely separations, don’t care about other people’s sons (= Everything outside oneself), watching the freedom not to be desired, should walk alone like a rhino horn.
  11/23/2020 09:46
