Rhinoceros Horn

Description of Rhinoceros Horn

First product

121. put down sticks to all raw classes, any of them will not hurt,

Should not want a son to have a companion from? It should be alone like a horn
of rhino.

"After dropping sticks for all raw classes": "Everything", all completely, every
aspect completely, without residue, the whole land, this is the words of all
over, for "everything." "Raw class", the raw class is called the cowardly and
the strong. The "cowardly" belongs to those who tremble, thirst and love is not
cut off, and to those who fear fear not being cut off. For what reason are they
called the cowardly? They tremble, fear, terror, fear, and come to fear, for
this reason they are called the cowardly. The "strong" belongs to those who
tremble, thirst has been cut off, and to those who fear that terror has been cut
off. For what reason are they called the strong? They do not tremble, do not
fear, do not fear, do not fear, do not come to fear, for this reason they are
called the strong. "Stick", there are three kinds of sticks: body sticks,
language sticks, meaning sticks. Three kinds of evil acts of body sticks, four
words of evil act sticks, three kinds of malicious acts of sticks. "After
putting the stick on all raw classes": put down on all raw classes, shelving
sticks.

"Neither of them does harm": "One living life does not take clumps, or sticks,
or with a sword, or a chain, or a rope, against all living beings without
clumps, or sticks, or with a stick, or with a Swords, or by chains, or with
ropes. For either of them does not hurt.

"Should not want a son from where to have companions": "No" is no. "Son", there
are four kinds of sons: one born of his own, son born in fields, adoptive sons,
and apprenticeship sons. "Companion", where with pleasant, pleasant to come,
pleasant contacts, pleasant standing, happy sitting, happy lying, pleasant talk,
pleasant conversation, pleasant talk, pleasant interlocutor is called Companion.
"Shall not want a son to have companions from": "The Son should not want, should
not accept, should not ask, should not pray, from where should want, should
accept, should seek, should pray for friends , or acquaintances, or close
people, or companions." Where should I not want a son to have companions?

"Should be alone like the horn of rhino": "Alone", the solemn sensation in the
name of the home alone, with no partner righteousness as alone, with thirst to
disconnect the meaning of love alone, "always away from greed" alone, "always
Divergence" is alone, "always deprecated" is alone, "always no pollution" is
alone, "has passed no fork road" for alone, "has now no sense of independence"
is alone.

How is the unconscious person alone in the name of a home? "The unconscious
person has cut off all obstacles at home, after cutting off the barriers of his
child's wife, after cutting off the barriers of his family [, after cutting off
the barriers of a friend], after cutting off the storage barrier, shaving his
hair, wrapped in a surplice coat, From home, become a non-home life, into the
state of nothing alone, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival.
This is the solemn person alone in the name of a home.

How is the unrighteous person alone with no partner? "When he is so out of home
alone with forest, wilderness, border residence (sitting place): less voice,
quiet, away atmosphere, people alone, suitable for sitting alone; he [alone,]
walking alone, alone, alone Stand, sit alone, lying alone, alone in order to
pouches into the village, go alone, return alone, sit alone, alone, alone, live,
action, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival. " This is the unrighteous
person alone with no partner.

How is the one who is alone with the thirst of love? He is so alone, without a
partner, when living in not relaxing, zealous, self-effort, great diligence,
diligent, destroying the army accompanied by the demon, evil demons, Relaxing
relatives, net, strong flow, entangled The thirst loved him to break, depart,
and end him, and make it to be absent.

"With thirsty love as a companion, a long time reincarnation,

Become such a state、Other state, do not go beyond reincarnation。

Knowing after such an affliction: thirst love is the origin of bitterness

From thirst love, no take, Bichu should march in a mindful manner."
[It.15/Sn.3.12,745-746]

This is the one who is alone with the thirst of love.

How was the one who was alone with "always away from greedy"? "One of the state
of severed greedy away from greedy" is alone, "with one of the disconnected
state"Depart" is alone, "one of the deprecated state of dereliction" is alone,
"one of the polluted off state has been no pollution." This is the solemn person
who has been "always away from greedy" as alone.

How is the one who has passed the road without a fork in the road to be alone?
No fork road road is known as four, four Zhengqin, four gods, five, five, seven,
seven, eight holy road.

"Seeing the extinction of life, and those who have mercy, know the way without
forks,

In the past, they will be and now." [SN.47.18]

This is the one who has passed the road without a fork in the road.

How is the oneseloquist, "Alone is now the only one" to be alone? Sculpture is
called in four ways of wisdom, wisdom, Wisen, Wise, choice of method, study,
Bishana, positive view. The monocualist, the Dist, the wisdom of the monoceness
sensation that "all acts are impermissible"; feel "all works are bitter"; feel
"all law is without me"; feel "by reason of inconception"; feel "by deed Sense";
feel "in recognition as famous"; feel "to six for the touch"; feel "by touch";
feel "by the edge of thirsty love"; feel "to thirst for love"; feel "take as a
result of thirst" "There are"; feel "by the fate of life"; feel "by life as the
fate of old death"; feel "extinct with no known destruction"; feel "extinct by
extinction"; feel "by name extinction"; feel "extinguished by name" And six";
feel "touched out by six"; feel "by touchdown"; feel "by extermination and
thirst"; feel "extinguished by thirst"; feel "extinct by extinction and
extinction"; feel 'to be extinguished by extinction. ' ; feel "dead by life and
death"; feel "this is bitter set"; feel "this is bitter set"; feel "this is the
path of bitterness"; feel "these are troubles"; feel "This is the set of
troubles"... (C) "This is a guide to annoyance"; "These laws should be known";
feel that "these laws should be cut off"; feel that "these laws should be
testified"; feel that "these laws should be practiced." Six touches of the set
up, extinguished, fun, too sick, out; Joyful five fetching up... (middle) out;
feel four big set up, extinguished, fun, too sick, out; feel "any set is
extinction method".

Or, whoever [any] should be perceived, should be casual, should be awakened,
righteously, should be attested, should be touched, and should be testified,
everything is by that sense of mind, with Awakening, awakening [, right
feeling], testifying, reaching, testifying. This is the solemn person who is
"alone is now right all over the right feeling" to be alone.

There are eight kinds of behaviors: behaviors (Wai Yee Road) lines, lines,
notions, set lines, wisdom, road lines, arrival lines, world interests.
"Behavior behavior" is about four behaviors, "walk" is about six inside and
outside, "read" is about four memorials, "set" is about four kinds of Zen,
"wisdom" is about the four sacred essence, "road" About the Four Holy Road, the
"Arrival Line" is about Four Salmon Fruit, "World Interests" is about Rulaii,
Arrohan, Persian, Part of the Orthodox, Part of the Sounds (Disciples). The act
of conduct belongs to those who have a vow (ambition) sufficient, the act
belongs to the guardian of the root of the door, the word is to the one who
lives and does not relax, the act belongs to those who strive to increase their
hearts, and the wise act belongs to those who perceive enough, Road line belongs
to the positive, the arrival line belongs to the witness, the interests of the
world belong to the Rawaii, Alohan, all the positive feeling, part of the sound
of the sound, these are eight kinds of lines. The next eight lines: the
victorious walk by faith, the hard man acts with vigor, so that the present is
to read and do, establish (do) not disperse the man to do with a definite, the
knowledge walks with wisdom, 'so The walkers keep the good law. To walk
everywhere, 'This walker arrives to excellence. ' For excellence, these are
eight lines.

The next eight lines: Seeing line of the righteous person, (heart) guidance line
of the righteous person, the intake line of the righteous person, the beginning
of the righteous person, the clean line of the righteous, the effort of the
progressive, the present walk of the mindfulness, positive The unscrupulous
lines of the Dist [Ps.1,12], these are eight lines.

"Like the horn of rhino", such as the horn of rhinoceros is truly unique. In the
same way, the unrighteous person is like that, the same person, and contrast to
that person. "Such as salty is called as salt, bitterness is called as
bitterness, too sweet is called as honey, overheating is called as fire, cold is
called as ice, big water gathering is called as sea, reach God Kone disciple is
calledFor such as a master." In the same way, there is the one who is the one
who is equal to that, the person who contrasts, the one who is alone without a
companion (no other), who has been freed from bondage, who rightly acts, dwelts,
moves and turns in the world, Guardian, make survival, make survival." For it
should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"After putting down the sticks to all the raw classes, none of them hurt,

Should not want a son to have a companion from? It should be alone like a horn
of rhino."

122. link born born love, love accompanied by this bitter birth,

Watch the affliction of love, should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

"Link Born Generates Love": "Link", there are two types of links: links seen and
heard. What is the link to see? Here, a certain category of people see upright,
beautiful, beloved, with the most beautiful lotus color of the woman, girl,
after seeing, seeing and holding the fine phase: "Hair, or beautiful face, or
beautiful eyes, or good ears, or good nose, or good lips, or good teeth, or good
mouth, or good neck, or beautiful breasts, or beautiful breasts, or beautiful
breasts, or beautiful abdomen, or Good waist, or good thighs, or good calves, or
good palms, or good palms, or good feet, or good fingers, or beautiful nails
[etc] good." After seeing, seeing, after seeing, rejoicing, welcome, hope, make
follow birth, follow the bondage of greed, this is the link to see.

What is the Hearing Link? Here, a certain category of people heard: "In a
village or town with a name like that, there are decent, beautiful, beloved
women or girls with the most beautiful lotus color." After hearing, after
hearing, rejoicing, welcome, hope, make follow birth, follow greed bondage, this
is the link of hearing.

"Love", there are two kinds of love: thirsty love and see love. What is love
love? All are called as bounds, as realms, as ranges, as fanned boundaries,
clutched, and treated as their own: This is mine, this is mine, so much is mine,
so much is mine, this is mine, so much is mine, and this is The range is mine;
[my] colors, sounds, smells, taste, touching, spreading things, coat, maid and
maid, goat and sheep, chicken and pig, elephant, cow and horse, mule, field,
home, gold, Gold coins, villages, towns, kings, places, treasures, warehouses,
all the earth, because of their thirst for love and treating them as their own,
all 108 kinds of thirsty love tide [AN.4.199], this is Thirsty love love.

What is See Love? There are twenty personal opinions, ten wickedness, ten
sidelines, and ten sidelines, such as such see, evil opinion, jungle, desert,
distorted, shaken, bound, seppling, acceptance, Hold, perform, clamp, upside
down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside down (vipariyesa) clamp, upside down (vipallāsa)
) Clasping, the clasping of evil, "[see] true in the untrue" clasp, all came to
the point of 62 evil views, this is the love of seeing.

"Linkage born to generate love": "With the link to see and hear the link as the
edge, thirsty love and see love is generated, born, born, born, born, born,
born, appeared." Generate love for the link born.

"Love accompany this bitter birth": "Love", there are two kinds of love: thirsty
love and see love... (medium) This is thirsty love... (medium) This is the love
of seeing. "Born this bitter", here, a certain category of people practised with
evil, in words, to act in bad faith, he killed, did not give, invade people,
looting, road robbery, abduction of wives, said False, after he was captured,
they went to the king: 'Your Majesty! This is a thief and a criminal, let you
punish this sentence." The king blamed him, and he made it to blame [to give
birth to terror, he] felt suffering and sorrow. Where did this horror,
bitterness and worries come from? Born by his love, joy for the edge, greedy,
joy and greed for the origin.

This situation is not satisfied by the King, who imprisoned him in handcuffs, or
by rope, or by fetters, or by rattan, or by ginger, or by throwing, or by a
fence, or by The village is bound, either by a town [or by a city], or by a
state, or by a local, or even declared: 'You shall not walk away from here. ' He
also suffered and worried with bondage,Where did this horror, bitterness and
worries come from? Born by his love, joy for the edge, greedy, joy and greed for
the origin.

In this case, the king is not satisfied, the king transports his property: a
hundred or thousands or thousands, he also suffered and worried by the loss of
property. Where did this horror, bitterness and worries come from? Born by his
love, joy for the edge, greedy, joy and greed for the origin.

In this situation, the king is not satisfied, and the king has imposed all kinds
of punishments on him: whipping, beating with sticks, with canes, cutting hands,
feet, hands and feet, ears, nose, nose and nose, punished with sour porridge
pot, shellfish bald, Luo Hou, Fire, Candle Hand, Expulsion, Bark, Antelope, Hook
Meat, Money, Alkali Bath Penalty, Reversing Door Latch, Straw Foot Penalty, Hot
Oil, Dogs Bite, Live Order Puncture, To Sword Beheaded, he also suffered and
worried with punishment. Where did this horror, bitterness and worries come
from? Born by his love, joy for the edge, greedy, joy and greed for the origin.
The king is the master of these four kinds of rod punishment.

With his own work and the disintegration of the body, he was born into
bitterness, evil, lower and hell. The jailers gave him five kinds of bondage
punishments: they made red hot iron rods through their palms, and they made red
rods through. The second palms, they made red hot iron rods through the soles of
their feet, and they made the red hot rod through the second foot, and they made
the red hot iron rod through the chest in the middle. There he felt bitter,
fierce [, fierce, MN.129], spicy feelings, and he was not dead until that evil
was destroyed. Where did this horror, bitterness and worries come from? Born by
his love, joy for the edge, greedy, joy and greed for the origin.

The jailers laid him down, cut him with an axe... (middle) the jailers grabbed
him under their feet, cut him with a small axe... the jailers put him yoke on
the car, so that he was ignited in a fire, a burning, glorious From the ground
and forth... the jailers made him climb up and down the burning, glorious
charcoal volcano... the jailers grabbed him under their feet and threw them into
a burning, blazing, burning, red copper pot where he was Foam boiled, and when
he was boiled frothfully there, walked upwards at a time, upwards at a time, and
walked horizontally. There he felt a bitter [, fierce], fierce, spicy feeling,
and he was not dead until the wickedness was destroyed. Where did this horror,
bitterness and worries come from? Born by his love, joy for the edge, greedy,
joy and greed for the origin.

"There are four doors in the four corners, which are divided into equal parts,

The perimeter is iron wall, the top is covered by iron.

And the earth is made of iron, burned to light by fire,

All one hundred by the second, all over after everything survived.

Sadly burned is terrible, there is a flame that is hard to get close

And the appearance of a hairy erection is a terror of fear of bitterness.

From the east wall, fire poly is waiting,

Burning wickedness, in the west, was counterattacked.

And from the west wall, the fire gathered was waiting,

Burning wickedness, in the east side was attacked back.

And from the north wall, the fire gathered is waiting,

Burning the wickedness, in the south, was counterattacked.

And from the south wall, the fire was erected,

Burning wickedness, in the north, was counterattacked.

And from below, the fire of terror is gathered,

Burning wickedness, on the roof is counterattack

From the roof, the fire of terror,

Burning wickedness, on the ground is counterattack.

Blazing iron pot, red heat as burning,

Such infinite hell, belongs below in the upper [all] seen.

where the creations are violent, the authors of great crimes,

They are the most wicked, and they are tortured and not dead.

The body is equal to fire: to the one who dwells,

Seeker of the solid industry, [charcoal fire] has no ash and no charcoal ash.

They ran to the east, from there to the west,

They ran to the north, from there to the south.

And whosoever they ran out in the direction, the doors were closed,

They have a desire to go out, and the beasts are the Seekers of Separation.

They did not go out of thence, and they were given by their prominence.

For those who wicked, much is not yet ripe for what has been done.

Where did this horror, bitterness and worries come from? Born by his love, joy
for the edge, greedy, joy and greed for the origin.

And all the bitterness of hell, the bitterness of all the beasts, the bitterness
of all hungry ghosts, and the bitterness of mortal, where are those born, and
fromWhere does it occur, from where is it born, and from where is it? Was born?
With his love as a fate, joy, greedy, rejoice and greed, born, born, born, born,
born, born, born, born, born, appeared. For love accompany this bitter birth.

"Watch the oversuffering of love": "Love", there are two kinds of love: thirsty
love and see love... (medium) This is thirsty love... (medium) This is the love
of seeing. "Watch the oversuffering of love": "thirsty love and see love of love
the oversuffering of love he watched, seen, watched, watched, watched, watched,
observed." To watch the affliction of love, you should be alone like a rhino
horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"Linking the born generation of love, love accompanied by this bitter birth,

Watching the affliction of love should be like a rhinoceros horn alone."

123. To friends and those who have mercy, they have lost their interests, and
     their hearts are bound,

Watching this horror in intimate interaction should be like a rhinoceros horn
alone.

"To friends and those who have mercy, the interests are lost and their hearts
are bound": "Friends," there are two kinds of friends: friends at home and
friends from home (Cambodia version). What is a friend at home? Here, a certain
kind of people give difficult to give, charity, do hard to do, forgive
(tolerance) difficult to forgive, he tells [you his] secret, keep [your] secret,
not forgive in disaster, he is for [ You] The Ladder [DN.31], he is not contempt
when [you] have exhausted, this is a friend at home.

What is a friend from home? Here, Bichu is a lovely, consensual, respectful,
revered, narrator, tolerant of speech of others, as an esotericate talker, he
does not instigate [AN.7.37] in the inaccuracity [AN.7.37], on the non-addition
of the persuade, he persuaded in the four study efforts, in the four positive...
(middle) of the four gods... in the five... in the five forces... in the
seven... on the eight sacred shrines of the practice effort, This is a friend
from home.

Where together with pleasant, pleasant to come [, pleasant contacts], pleasant
standing, pleasant sitting, pleasant lying, pleasant talk, pleasant
conversation, pleasant talk, pleasant interlocutor is called a confidant. "To
friends and soulmates, he loses his interests", "To friends, soulmates,
acquaintances, close people, companions, the pity of the companion, the
thinkers, the pity of the person who forfeits his interests, the interests of
others, the interests of both, also To give up the interests of the life, the
interests of the future, and also cause the highest interests to be lost,
forcefully lost, lost, lost, avoided, dismissed.

"Hearts are bound" in two ways: make yourself inferior, make others stand noble
and heart bound, or make others lower, so that you stand noble and heart bound.
How is it to make yourself inferior, and make others stand on the noble
flattering man? [Thoughts:] 'You are more beneficial to me, and I rely on you to
receive clothing, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities, other
givers or those who want to do, they think I rely on you, All the names that I
have come from my parents before you have disappeared to me, and I have been
known to you as always to [a] house, and the one who always came to [a] house. '
This is to make yourself inferior, and others stand noble and bound in their
hearts.

How is it to make others inferiority, and make oneself in the noble and bound
heart? [Thoughts:] 'I am more beneficial to you, because of me you return to
Buddhist, to the law, to the monks, become descendents, from the ungiven, away
from the evil, the delusional, from the grains, fruit wine, wine, wine For those
who relax, We give you instructions to you, and ask about Busa, and to build a
monastery. But after you have forsaken me, respect, respect, respect and respect
others. ' This is to make others inferiority, and to stand in the noble and
bound their hearts." For those who have mercy on friends and soulmates, the
interests are lost, and their hearts are bound.

"Watch this horror in intimate interaction": "horror", horror of life, old
terror, disease terror, death terror, king terror, terror of thieves, terror of
fire, water terror, self-rebuke Terror, the terror of others, the horror of the
stick, the horror of the wicked, the fear of the wave, the scary of the dragon,
the fear of the vortex, the fear of the crocodile [AN.4.122], the terror of the
livelihood, the fear of discredit Terror, timid terror in groups, intoxicated
horror [, evil horror] is the stiff state of terror, erection, fear of fear of
fear of fear of fear of fear. "in intimate interaction"There are two kinds of
intimate interaction: [because] love intimate interaction with [because] see...
(medium) This is the intimate interaction of thirsty love... "Watch this horror
in intimate interaction": "This horror in intimate interaction he watched, saw,
watched, watched, watched, watched, watched." To watch this horror in intimate
interaction, you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"To friends, and to those who have mercy, that interests are lost, and their
hearts are bound,

Watching this horror in intimate interaction should be like a rhinoceros horn
alone."

124. As a huge bamboo is entangled together: whoever is concerned about his
     children's wife,

If you are not sticking bamboo shoots, you should do it alone like a rhinoceros horn.

"As large bamboo is entangled together": "Bamboo is called bamboo bushes, such
as the old bamboo in the bushes are stuck, entangled, entangled, entangled,
attached, and obstructed. Similarly, being entangled together is called thirsty
love, which is greed, lust (total greedy), with greed, comfy, rejoice, greedy,
greedy, greedy, desire, obsession, take, greedy, greedy, dyed, sludge, disturb ,
hypocrisy, [reincarnation] root cause, [bitter] fertility, tailor (greedy), net,
river, bound, rope, obsession, accumulation, companion, desire, have pipelines,
wishu (forest), love forest (jungle), Intimate interaction [santhavo?] , love,
expectation, relationship, desire, desire, state of desire, desire, desire of
color, desire of voice, desire for smell, desire of taste, desire to touch,
desire to get, desire of man (desire of wealth - dhanāsāsā/Ni.2,8), Son's
desires, desires to live, passion, hope, prayer, greed, greed, state of greed,
state of greed, enquiry [ [profit], wings for good, illegal greedy, wrong greed,
desire, desire, hope, envy, complete hope, desire thirst love, some thirst love,
nothingness thirst love, color thirst, colorless thirst love, quench thirst
love, color thirst love, voice thirst love, the smell of thirst love, taste of
thirst love, the touch of thirst love, the law of thirst love, rim, yoke
(bondage), binding, execution, obstacle, cover, cover, binding, cover, bondage,
with miscellaneous, annoyance potential Trend, entanglement, mandarin, stingy,
bitterness, bitterness, the occurrence of bitterness, magic catching net, magic
hook [, magic food], magic realm, magic dwelling, magic bondage, thirsty love
river, thirst love net, thirsty love rope , thirsty sea of love, greed, bad
roots.

"Love (being entangled together)", what is the meaning of love? "Dispersed" for
love; "the vast" for love; "the unrighteous" for love; "it forcibly" for love;
"it seize" for love; "deceit" for love; "deceit" for love; "Poison" for Love;
"poison" for love; "poison" for love; or, "[that] the vast thirst love: in
color... in the sound... on the smell... at the touch... at home... In the
masses... in the dwellings... in the benefits... in fame... in the joy... in
clothes... on food... on sitting gear... in the patient's needs and Medical
essentials... in the world of desire... in color... in colorless... on the
color... on the color... on colorless... on the colorless... on the idea of
having... ... on the One Present... on the Four Poses... on the Five
Enrichment... in the past... in the future... in the present... in the
present... that is enlarged in the ways to see, smell, feel, and be known." ."
For just as huge bamboo is entangled together.

"Whoever is concerned with his wife": "Son (son)", there are four kinds of sons:
sons born of their own, sons born in fields, adoptive sons, and apprenticeship.
The wife (wife) is called the dependent (wife). Concern is called thirsty love,
it is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greed, bad roots." For those who follow in
children and wives.

"Such as bamboo shoots that are not adhered to": "Bamboo is called bamboo
bushes, such as small shoots in the bamboo bushes are not stuck, not attached,
not tied, not blocked, not obstructed, have gone out, left, have become free.
Same... There are two kinds of adhesion: [because of] love and [because] see
adhesion... (middle) This is the adhesion of thirsty love... For the unrighteous
person, the adhesion of thirsty love has been cut off, the adhesion of see has
been dismissed, and the adhesion of the thirst has been cut off,The unconscious
person is not adhered to in color, not adhered to the sound, not sticky on the
smell, not sticky on the taste, not sticking to the touch, at home... (medium)
in the masses... in the residence On... in terms of profit... in fame... in
praise... in pleasure... in clothes... on food... on sitting gear... on patient
needs and medical necessities... in the realm of desire... On the color
circles... on the colorless... on the color... on the color there... on the
colorless... on the idea of having... on the unwickered... on the unwickered...
on a rich... on the four riches... ... in the past... in the future... in the
present... in the present... to see, smell, feel, be able to be known, not
sticky, not captured, bound, not tied, not coma. He has departed, departed,
liberated, and has been bound, and he dwelt with a restrained heart. For bamboo
shoots that are not adhered to, you should do it alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"As a huge bamboo is entangled together: whosoever follows in his children's
wife,

If bamboo shoots are not glued, they should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

125. if the deer is not tied in the forest, to the desired pasture walk,

Wise people watch free and should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

"If an unbound deer is in the forest, go to the ranch you want": "Deer", there
are two types of deer: the deer and the spotted deer. Such as deer living in
forest field, forest walk safely when walking, stand safely, sit safely, lie
with peace of mind.

This is said by Worldman [MN.25]: The Picchu! Like a deer living in the forest,
when walking in the forest, in the forest, walking safely, standing with peace
of mind, sitting safely, lying down with peace of mind, what is the reason?
Bichu! That's an unreachable area for the murderer. Same, Bichu! Here, Bichu
from desire, from bad law, after entering into the search, servo, born joy, joy
of the first Zen, Bichu! This is known as Bichu Blind, after killing the eyes of
the magic, wave into the invisible and insufficiency state.

Besides, the Bichu! Bichu to find and servo calm, confident, one heart, enter
into the infinity, no servant, regular joy, joy of the second Zen, Bichu! This
is known as Bichu Blind, after killing the eyes of the magic, wave into the
invisible and insufficiency state.

Besides, the Bichu! Bichu fades and dwells in calm, mindfulness, mindfulness,
body feel joy, after entering the Holy disciple, the third Zen, "He is calm,
mindful, and dwells", the third Zen, the Bichu! This is known as Bichu Blind,
after killing the eyes of the magic, wave into the invisible and insufficiency
state.

Besides, the Bichu! The fourth Zen of Bichu, the rest of the bitterness and
bitterness, and before the extinction of joy and worries, enter into the fourth
Zen without bitterness, read through the peace and the net! This is known as
Bichu Blind, after killing the eyes of the magic, wave into the invisible and
insufficiency state.

Besides, the Bichu! Bichu in all colors want to go beyond, to have the right to
want, to do not want all kinds of thought [and know]: "Void is endless", enter
into the void infinity, Bichu! This is known as Bichu Blind, after killing the
eyes of the magic, wave into the invisible and insufficiency state.

Besides, the Bichu! After Bichu goes beyond all the void [know]: "knowledge is
infinitely", enter into the infinity of knowledge... (medium).

Besides, the Bichu! [Bichu] beyond everything to know the infinity [know]:
"Nothing", enter after living in nothing... (middle).

Besides, the Bichu! [Bichu] beyond everything, after entering after living in
the thought... (medium slightly).

Besides, the Bichu! [Bichu] beyond everything, after entering to live after
wanting to be destroyed, to see, his troubles were destroyed, Bichu! This is
known as the Bichu demon blind, killing the eyes of the magic, wave into the
invisible and inadequacy state, defiance of the world. He walked with peace of
mind, stood safely, sat in peace of mind, lying with peace of mind. What is that
reason? Bichu is an unreachable area for Hoshin. Go to the ranch you want to be
in the forest such as deer that is not bound.

"The wise man sees freedom": "the wise" is the wise, the wise, the wise, the
sense, the wise, the different, the wise. "Man" is a human being, human, student
Brahman, man, person, life, to the born, to the indra, to the indra, the man
born of Monu. "Free", there are two types of freedom: the law of freedom and the
free man. ShWhat is the law of freedom? Four remembrance, four positive, four
gods, five, five forces, seven senses, eight sacred paths, this is the law of
freedom. What is a free man? Whosoever possesses the law of these freedoms, he
is called a free man. "Wise people watch freedom": "Wise people watch, see,
watch, watch, observe the freedom of the law." For the wise to watch freedom,
you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"If the deer that is not bound in the forest, go to the ranch you want,

Wise people watch free and should be alone like a horn of rhino."

126. He is an interlocator among his companions: when he is home, standing,
     walking, traveling,

Watch the freedom that is not sought, should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

"He is an interlocutor among his companions: when at home, standing, walking,
traveling": Where with whom happy to go, happy to come, happy contacts, happy
standing, happy sitting, happy sleeping, happy talking 、Pleasant
conversation、Pleasant talk、Happy conversation which is called companions。 "He
is a conlocutor in a companion: when living, standing, walking, traveling":
"When living, standing, walking, traveling in companions consider their own
interests, consider the interests of others, consider both Interests, taking
into account the interests of the life, the interests of the future, and the
interests of both (Cambodia Edition)." For him is a conlocator among his
companions: when at home, standing, walking, traveling.

"Watch the freedom not sought": for the foolish, non-righteous, outdoers,
outdoers, outdoers, disciples, this is not desired, namely: to become a
skinhead, cassock clothes; to the wise, the righteous, the Buddhist disciples,
the Phu (Monosique), this is what is sought, namely: to become a skinhead,
cassock cloth dress. "Free", there are two types of freedom: the law of freedom
and the free man. What is the law of freedom? Four remembrance... (middle) eight
sacred paths, this is the law of freedom. What is a free man? Whosoever
possesses the law of these freedoms, he is called a free man. "Watch the freedom
that is not sought": "Watch, see, watch, watch, observe the freedom of law." To
watch the freedom that is not sought, you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"He is a conlocator among his companions: when he lives, stands, walks, travels,

Watching the freedom that is not sought should be like a rhinoceros horn alone."

127. In the companions there is entertainment, joy, and love among the sons.

Aversion of the lovely difference, should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

"There are entertainment, joy in companions": "entertainment", there are two
kinds of entertainment: physical entertainment and speech entertainment. What is
the recreation of the body? They play like, also in horses, also with cars, also
with bow, sword and other weapons, also play with eight chess, also playing with
ten chess, also playing sky chess, also playing jumping house, also playing with
stone, and dice board play , also play with wooden sticks, also play with hand
shape, also play with dice, also play with flute, also play with toy hoe, also
play with somersault, also play with toy windmills, also play with toy measuring
instrument, also with car games, also toys Bow play, but also play with
guesswork, also play with guessing, but also to imitate flaws [DN.1, para. 14],
this is the body's entertainment.

What is the entertainment of speech? Drum playing with a voice, the mouth is
smeared [imitation] drum, sound made after the mouth [imitation] of the felling
drum, the voice made after the lip flesh is curved, playing with mouth
[imitation] drum, mouth [imitation] drum hollow sound, loud The sound of cheers,
the commotion of dancers, singing, laughing acts, this is the entertainment of
words.

"Joy", which is synonyms for being satisfied, is "joy." Where with pleasant,
pleasant to come, happy interlocutors, pleasant standing, happy sitting, happy
lying, happy talking, happy talk, happy interlocutors are called companions.
"There is entertainment and joy among the companions": "There is entertainment
and joy among the companions." To have fun and joy in your companions.

"And there is great love among the sons": "Son", there are four kinds of sons:
sons born of himself, sons born in fields, adoptive sons, and apprenticeship.
"And there is too much love among the sons": "And there is a great love among
the sons." For a great love among the sons.

"Disgust the lovely farewell": there are two kinds of lovely (loved ones):
living beings or doings. What is a lovely living? Here, whoever is a mother or
father who wants to have an interest in him, who wants to be beneficial, and who
wants to leave the yoke.A pro, or brother, or sister, or son, or daughter, or
friend, or colleague, or family, or blood, these are lovely beings.

What are cute lines? The desired colors, the sound of the consensual, the smell
of the consensual, the taste of the consensual, the consensual touch, these are
lovely lines. "Disgust the lovely farewell": "to the lovely farewell disgust,
disgust, ashamed." To disgust the lovely farewell, you should be alone like a
rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"There is amusement and joy among the companions, and a great love among the
sons,

Disgust the lovely difference and should be like a rhinoceros horn alone."

128. To be unexcluded by the Quartet, to those who satisfy whatever,

Patients in distress, who do not frighten, should be like a rhinoceros horn
alone.

"For those who are not excluded from the Quartet": "The Quartet", the
unconscious person lives with the heart of the mercy all over one side, like
this second party, like this third party, like this, the fourth party, up and
down, horizontally, Everywhere, for everything as to yourself, with the heart of
compassion, with the vast, outstanding, no resentment, no resentment, no
malicious heart all over the world and live. To travel with sorrow... (medium)
to travel with joy... (medium) to walk with calm heart full of one side and
live, like this second party, like this third party... (medium) with no
malicious heart full of all After the world lived. "For those who are not
excluded from the Quartet": In a state of mercy, whosoever is in the East they
are not rebellious, and all that is in the South they are not rebellious, and
whoever is in the West they are not rebellious, The bereaved of the North is not
rebellious; whosoever is in the middle of the East they are not rebellious, and
whoever is in the middle of the South they are not rebellious, and whoever is in
the middle of the West they are not rebellious. And whosoever is in the middle
of the north, they are not rebellious, whosoever is underneath they are not
rebellious; whosoever is above they are not rebellious, and all the creations in
all directions are not rebellious; Egrief The state of practice... in a state of
joy in which they have been practiced... to calm the state of learning, they are
not rebellious to all the creations in the East... The creations in all
directions are not rebellious." To be no exclusion from the Quartet.

"To the person who satisfies whatever": "The unconscious person is a satisfied
person of whatever clothes, and a praise of what clothing has been satisfied,
and he does not come to an inappropriate evil by clothes, Do not get clothes
without fighters, get clothes nor be tied, not faintly, sinless, seen the
affected land, out of the Hui to use [SN.16.1], and he neither with this kind of
clothing Satisfy and praise oneself, and do not disregard others, who are
skilled, not lazy, cognitive, and mindful, this is known as the unrighteous
person who lives in the highest caste of the past [DN.33/AN.4.28]. It is a
satisfying person who feats whatever... (medium).

To those who have been satisfied regardless of their residence... (medium) is
satisfied for whatever patient's needs and medical necessities, and for whatever
patient's needs and medical necessities are met The praiser, he does not come to
an inappropriate evil because of the patient's needs and medical necessities, he
does not get the patient's needs and medical necessities are not fought, get the
patient's needs and medical necessities are not tied to, He does not praise
himself for the fulfillment of the needs and medical necessities of this
patient, nor defy others, whosoever is there Skillful, non-lazy, mindfulness,
mindfulness and mindfulness, this is known as the supreme caste of the past. For
those who meet whatever.

"Patient to distress, do not frighten": "distress", there are two kinds of
distress: obvious distress and secret distress. What are the obvious distress?
Lion, tiger, leopard, bear, wolf, bison, elephant, snake, scorpion, centipede,
or thief, rogue, eye disease, ear, nose disease, tongue disease, body disease,
head disease, external ear disease, mouth disease , tooth disease, cough,
wheezing, external nasal disease, fever, old, abdominal disease, coma,
dysentery, abdominal pain, cholera, leprosy, tumor, ringworm, lung disease,
epilepsy, Ringsoriasis, Tricky, Scratching , Biliary disease, diabetes mellitus,
hemorrhoids, rash (boil blister), hemorrhoid fistula (ulcer), disease of bile,
disease such as phlegm, disease such as wind, disease of the [three] collection,
disease of the season , Diseases born from incorrect posture, suddenly struckThe
disease, the disease of the industry, cold, hot, hunger, thirst, dung, urine,
contact with the fly mosquito wind sunsnake, these are known as obvious
distress.

What are the secret distress? Wicked deeds, words evil, malicious acts, wishful
cover, malice cover, sleep cover, fall and regret cover, suspect cover, greedy,
indignation, anger, resentment, hiding evil, arbitrary, jealous, stingy,
hypocrisy, hypocrisy, cunning, Stubborn, passion, slow, very slow, slow, relax,
all pollution, all evil, all annoying, all hot, all annoying, all bad work,
these are called secret distress.

What are the secret distress? Wicked deeds, words evil, malicious acts, wishful
cover, malice cover, sleep cover, fall and regret cover, suspect cover, greedy,
indignation, anger, resentment, hiding evil, arbitrary, jealous, stingy,
hypocrisy, hypocrisy, cunning, Stubborn, passion, slow, very slow, slow, relax,
all pollution, all evil, all annoying, all hot, all annoying, all bad work,
these are called secret distress.

What is the meaning of distress? "Conquer" is distress; "lead to loss" is
distress; "living there" is distress. How is "Conquer" for Difficult? Those
distress conquered, conquered, defeated, overwhelmed, ended, crushed that man,
so it was "conquered" as distress.

How is "lead to loss" as a hazard? Those distress leads to the obstacles,
regression of good law, what good law? The right road, follow the road, the
inverted sidewalk [, not contradictory sidewalk (no contradictory road)], such
as the meaning of the sidewalk, law with the law of the road, the ring
completely, guarding the root gate, diet to know the right amount, Specializing
in sober, read and mindfulness, four hard practice, four positive... four
gods... five... five... seven senses... eight sacred ways of effort to practice,
leading to the obstacles, loss of these good law, this is "Oriented loss" is
distress.

How is it "perched there" for distress? There, these evil laws come together,
such as caves lying in caves, aquatic animals lying in water, forested animals
lying in the forest, and tree animals lying down on trees. In the same way,
there, these laws of evil and misdemeanour come together. This is "perched
there" for distress.

This is said by Worldman [SN.35.151]: 'The Bichu Picchu, a disciple and a
master, lived in bitterness and unease. And, the Picchu! How is Bichu, a
disciple and a master, dwelt in bitter and unease? Bichu! Here, after the eyes
of Bichu, born the memories and intentions of those who follow the evil bad law.
"They dwelt in him; and the law of evil and evil dwelt, enter (occupy)."
Therefore, he is called "there apprentice." "They conquered him; the law of evil
evil conquered him." Therefore, he is called "there master".

Besides, the Bichu! After listening to the voice... (medium) after the smell of
nose... (medium) after taste with tongue... (medium) after touching... (medium)
after the touch... (medium) after the consciousness method, born with the end of
the evil Memories and intentions of bad law. "They dwelt in him; and the law of
evil and evil dwelt, enter (occupy)." Therefore, he is called "there
apprentice." "{The law of evil conquered him with that conquest} [they conquered
him; the law of evil conquered him]." Therefore, he is called "there master".
Bichu! So Bichu, a disciple and a master, lived in bitterness and unease. It is
also "inhabited there" as a distress.

This is said by Worldman [It.88]: 'The Bichu There are three kinds of internal
scale, internal non-friend, internal enemy, internal murderer, internal enemy,
which three? Bichu! Greedy is internal scale, inner friend, internal enemy,
internal murderer, internal enemy; Bichu! ... (medium) Picchu! The evil is
internal scale, not friends, internal enemies, murderers, internal enemies.
Bichu! These are three types of internal scale, inner friend, internal enemy,
internal murderer, internal enemy.

"Greed is the cause of no interest, and greed for those who shake their hearts,

Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.

Seekers do not know the interests, the cogedy cannot see the law,

At that time he was blind and darkness: whoever could conquer.

For the cause of no interest, For those who shake the heart,

Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.

The angry do not know the interests, the anger does not see the law,

At that time he was blind and dark: whosoever could conquer.

The cause of no interest, stupid to shake the heart,

Terror was born from it, and people do not understand it.

The fools do not know the interests, the fools do not see the law,

At that time he was blind and dark: whoever could conquer.

So tooIt's "inhabited there" for distress.

This is said by Worldman [SN.3.2]: 'King! When the three laws of men are born,
they are born unfavorable, bitter, and uncomfortable to live, which three? King!
When the lust of the man himself is born, it is unfavorable, bitter,
uncomfortable to live; king! When the man himself is born... (Medium) King! When
the man's own idiot started, born unfavorable, bitter, uncomfortable, king! When
these three laws in men are born, they are unfavorable, bitter and uncomfortable
to live. '

"Lust, lust, stupid, malevolent man,

Hurt yourself, such as many fruits [hurt] their tree heart. '

It is also "inhabited there" as a distress.

This was said by Worldman: [SN.10.3]

"From here there is greed and insane, from here to be unhappy, happy, and hair
erected,

From here and after being born with heart, such as a little boy put a crow."

It is also "inhabited there" as a distress.

"Patient to distress", "Patient in distress, the successor, the overwhelming,
terminator, discarded." For enduring people in distress. "The one who does not
frighten," the unrighteous person is the one who is not afraid, does not
frighten, does not frighten, does not flee, dwelt in having cut off terror and
has left the hair." To endure a person in distress and not to frighten, he
should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"To be the Quartet is not exclusive, to the satisfying of whatever,

Patients in distress, who do not frighten, should be alone like a rhinoceros
horn."

129. Even if some of the family members are difficult to benefit, there are
     family members who live at home,

After becoming a person who does not care about another's son, you should be
alone like a rhinoceros horn.

"Even if there are some family members are difficult to gain": "Here, even if
there is a class out of the family when they are given, although they are given
instructions, though given, although given clothes, even though given bowl,
although given copper Bowl, although given water filter tank, although given a
filter bag, although given to the bag, although given shoes, although given
belt, they do not listen, do not tilt, do not know, they are disloyal,
disobedient, have Opposing the actor, do not face to the other [Ni.2]." For even
if there are some out of the family is difficult to get along.

"There are family members who live at home": "Here, even if there is a class of
family when given to the like... (medium) is given to cars, fields, homes, gold,
gold, gold coins, although given to the village... The cities... the kings...
though given to the place, they do not listen, do not turn their ears or their
hearts to know; they are disloyalists, disobediers, and those who have
disobedience, and those who have disobedience, do not turn their faces For
family members who live at home.

"After becoming a person who does not care about the sons of others": "In all
this sense except for himself, for the son of others. After becoming uncaring on
the sons of others, after becoming unbusy, after becoming unfollowers." To
become a person who does not care about another's son, you should be alone like
a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"Even if some of the family members are difficult to benefit, there are family
members who live at home,

He who does not care about the son of others should be alone like a horn of
rhino."

130. After abandoning the marks of your family, such as ebony trees cut off the
     leaves,

After a hero is cut off the bondage of his family, he should be alone like a
rhinoceros horn.

"After abandoning the family's mark": hair, beard, wreath, spices, balm,
ornaments (mayuo), accessories (), clothes, coverings, headscarves, massage,
rubbing, bathing, rubbing, Mirror, eye paste, garland spice balm, face powder,
face cream, bracelet, ribbon hair accessories, rod, barrel, sword, umbrella,
colored shoes, bun, orb, whisk, long and short white clothes (Thai version), etc
are known as in the family Marks. "Abandoned after the family's mark": "After
the family's mark is abandoned, completely abandoned, after dropping down, after
extinction." For abandonment after the mark of the family.

"If the ebony tree has been cut off": "If the leaves of the ebony tree have been
cut, cut off, fallen, dropped, the mark of the family of the unconscious person
has been cut off, cut off, and dropped." For ebony trees that have cut off the
leaves.

"Hero cut off in the bondage of the family": "hero", "energetic" is the hero;
the "outflow breed" is a hero; "ample" is the hero; "brave" is the hero;
"heroic" "Male" is a hero; "not afraid" is a hero; "no terror" is a hero; "noThe
"Fear" is a hero; the "who does not flee" is a hero; "The fear of terror has
been cut off" is a hero.

Here is a state of vitality from all evil, beyond the bitter of hell,

He is an energetic, diligent, and a person like this can be called a hero.
[Sn.3.6]

Son, wife, man, maid, goat and sheep, chicken and pig, elephant, cow and horse,
mule, field, home, gold, gold, gold, village, town, kingdu, place, treasury,
warehouse, whoever would be corrupt Things are called in the bondage of the
family.

"The hero is cut off in the bondage of the family": "The unconscious person is
the hero, after his family's bondage cut off, after discard, after discarding,
after the end of the family, so that it goes to nonexistent." After cutting off
the bondage of the family for a hero, you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"If the ebony tree, which has cut off the leaves, after the marks of the family,

After the hero is cut off the bondage of his family, he should be alone like a
rhinoceros horn.

First product [Completed].





Excerpt:

Do not want wives and children (entangled bamboo bushes), close friends friends
(link = fetters → love → affliction → bitterness and interest loss is bound
horror), cute parting, do not care about the son of others (= (everything
outside yourself), watching the freedom that is not sought, should be like a
rhinoceros horn alone.

11/23/2020 09:46

