Third product

141. The distorted views have been removed, the decision has been reached, has
     been obtained.

I am a man who has been born wise and will not be guided by others: I should be
alone like a rhino horn.

“Distorted opinions have been freed”: Distorted views are known as twenty
personas. Here, the ordinary man who has not heard of the Holy One has not seen
the Holy One, not proficient in the law of the Holy One, and not trained in the
law of the good; he who has not seen the good man, and is not skilled in the law
of the good man, and thinks that color is Me, Or I own color, or color in me, or
I am in color, subject to... (medium) want... OK... think that it is me, or I
have knowledge, or I know in me, or I am in knowledge [SN.22.1], where like this
Seen, evil opinion, jungle view, desert, distorted, shaken, bound, seize,
accept, hold, execute, evil way, evil path, evil, evil, outward, outward,
reversed ( vipariyesa) clasp, viparīta clasp, upside down (vipallāsa) clasp,
wicked clasp, “[see] true on non-real [see] The grip, all came to Sixty-two evil
views, these are distorted views. “Distorted views have been freed”: “The
distorted views have been freed, crossed, crossed, overridded.” For distorted
views have been freed.

“Decisions have been reached, has been obtained”: “Four [holy] ways are called
the decision. {Eight sacred paths, namely: righteism, righteism, righteism,
righteism, good life, good progress, mindfulness, positive?} “The people with
the four sacred paths have reached, fully reached, reached, reached, and
testified.” The decision has been reached. “Gets the Word”, [eight sacred ways,
namely: righteism, righteism, righteism, righteism, righteism, good life, good
progress, mindfulness, The way has been obtained, has been obtained, has reached
it, has reached the way, has reached the way, and has been testified For the
decision has been reached, has received the way.

“I am a man who has been born wise and will not be guided by another”: “'The
wisdom of the unrighteous person has been born, is born, born, born, has
appeared: “All things are indefinite” Wise has been born, has been born.
Completely born, born, born, has arisen; “Everything is bitter”... (medium) “All
law is without me”... “Any set law is extinction law” wisdom has been born, has
been born, has been born, has been born, Born, has appeared. For me was born
wise. “Who will not be guided by other”, the unconscious person is a person who
is not guided by others, does not rely on others, has arrived not bound by
others, he truthfully knows, sees, is not obsessed, positive Knower and
remembered: 'All deed is caprily' He is a person who is not guided by others,
does not rely on others, who have arrived and is not bound by others, he
truthfully knows and sees, is not obsessed, right Knower and remembered; “All
works are bitter”... “All law is without me”... “Any collection of laws is
extinction.” He is a man who is not guided by others, who do not rely on others,
not to others, has To the one who is not bound by others, he knows, sees, is not
obsessed, the cognitive, and the memory.” For me to be a wise man who is born
and will not be guided by others: I should be alone like a rhino horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“The distorted views have been freed, have reached the decision, have received
the word,

I am a man who has been born wise and will not be guided by others: I should be
alone like a rhino horn.”

142. The greedy, no deceit, the desires, and those who do not hide evil, have
     eliminated the evil and the evil.

After becoming a desire in all the world, you should be alone like a rhino horn.

“No greed, no deceit, no longing”: “Greed is called thirsty love, that is greed,
lust (total greed)... (medium) greed, greed, bad root. That greedy, thirsty
love, has been cut off to the unrighteous person, the root has been cut off,
like a rooted palm tree, become a non-living thing for the future, so the
unrighteous person is a greedy.

“No deceitful”, there are three kinds of tricks: the means to be subject to the
scheme of tricks, deeds of behavior, and the surrounding conspiracy.

What is the trickery of the instrument? Here, the owners of the house invite
Bichu with clothes, food, shelter, patient needs, medical necessities. He is a
wicked desire, a person who desires nature, a person of hope, for clothing,
food, shelter, the needs of the patient, Medical essentials expect more and
refuse clothing, refuse to feed, refuse shelter, refuse patients' needs, medical
essentials, and he says, “What is a high-value clothing for Salmon! Where the
Salmon should be put onIt is appropriate to pick rag cloth from the Tsukaman or
garbage pile or in front of the store after making a coat {s}. What is it for
Salmon with high value feeding! Where the Salmon should take a little bit of the
spike to survive, it is appropriate. What is it for Salmon with a high value
accommodation! It is appropriate that whamon should be those who live under the
tree or in the mound or in the open ground. What is the need, medical
necessities of high value patients for Salmon! It is appropriate that salmon
should be made with a fermented drug of bovine urine or crushed Haliel. After
taking it, he was dressed in coarse clothing; he was given a coarse feed, dwelt
in a rough place, and with the necessities of a thick patient, and medicinal The
owners knew him so: “This Salmon is the little wishful, a man who is enough,
alone, a man away from the masses, a man whose vitality has been initiated, and
the head of the head.” “They invite more and more clothes, food, shelter,
patient needs, medical necessities,” he said, “Three of the present states have
faithfulness men produce many fords: the current state of faith is a good man.
The current state of many fords, the present state of the mercy of a man
produces many fords, worthy of the present state of the present state of faith
good men produce many ford. You are the believers, and I am the recipient, and
if I do not, then you will be an outsider of Ford, which is not needed for me,
but for the sake of mercy on you And I accept it. After performing it, he
received many clothes, as well as many food, lots of dwellings, and many
patients 'needs, medical necessities. The frowning of whosoever such frowns; the
path of the tricker, and the state of the trickery, this is the trickery of the
instrument.

What is the trick of behavior? Here some kind of evil desires, those who seek
nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: 'Then people will respect me. '
He is placed to walk, set to stand, sit down, lay down, lay down, walk for a
desire, stand for a desire, sit for a desire, lie down for a desire, such as
walking by a person who is established, standing as a person who is established
、Sit down as a person who is determined, lying down, and become visible as a
zen. Whoever acts like this place, strengthen the placement, complete placement;
the frowning of the frowning; the path of the tricker, the state of the
trickery, this is the trickery of the deed.

What is the perimeter trick? Here some kind of evil desires, those who seek
nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: 'Then people will respect me. '
He spoke according to holy law, and he said, Whoever is dressed like this, he is
the Salmon of great power. He said, “Whoever holds a bowl like this... holding a
copper bowl... holding a filter tank... holding a filter bag... holding the
keys... wearing shoes... wearing a belt... a tie... he is the salmon of great
power.” And he said, Whosoever his monk is like this, he is the Salmon of great
power. He said, “Whoever his teacher is like this... as a monk like this... as a
teacher... friends... acquaintances... companions... He is the Salmon of great
power.” He said, “Whoever lives in such dwellings... on a half-roof... in a tall
building... living in a flat house... in a cave... living in a cave... in a
cottage... in the house... in the heavy house... Lookouts... live in a circular
house... in a shed... in a lecture hall... in a tent... living under a tree...
he is the Salmon of great power.”

Or, the constant frowning; the constant frowning; the constant tricker; the
constant nagging; the person who is respected by his mouth, who says such deep,
secret, subtle, secret, secrecy, born, empty talk : “This Salmon gets this quiet
place to wait until.” Whoever frowns like this; the path of the tricker, the
state of the trickery, this is the circumference of the trickery. For the solemn
sense of these three trickery things: the means to be subject to the scheme, the
trickery of manners, the conspiracy of the surrounding language has been cut
off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, cannot be born, Burned by wisdom fire, so
that the unrighteous person is not a trick..

“No longing”, longing is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust... (medium)
greed, greed, bad roots. The longing and thirst of love have been cut off to the
unrighteous person, the root has been cut off, like a rooted palm tree, becomes
a non-living thing for the future, so the unrighteous person is the one who has
no desire.” For those without greed, no deceit, no desire.

“Those who do not hide evil, have eliminated the filth and the devil”: “Hide
evil,” whoever hid evil, hypocrisy, hypocrisy, and envy. “Obscurity” is greedy
filthy, vulgous, obscene, angry... (medium) resentment... hide evil...
arbitrariness... all unrighteous creations. For ignorance in bitterness,
ignorance on bitterness, ignorance in bitterness, ignorance on the signs of
bitterness, ignorance in the past, ignorance in the future, ignorance in the
past and in the future, in The ignorance of certain conditions and its fate,
where ignorance, ignorance, invisible, unrealistic, unconsciousness [,
unconsciousness], not accessible, not solid, not deeply understood, incorrectly,
omitted, disguised, {do not know the industry} [ [Ununderstood], inferior,
ignorance, ignorance, obsession, obsession, unclear, unclear, unclear rim, yoke
of unknown, unclear troubles potential trend, unknown entanglement, unclear
fence, bad roots. For the unconscious, hiding evil and filthy and obscenity have
been spit out, completely spit out, eliminated, cut off, severed, calmed down,
stopped, cannot be born, and has been burned by wisdom fire. ” The one who is
unrighteous is the one who does not hide evil, has removed the filth and

“After becoming a desire in all the world”: the desire is called thirsty love,
it is greed, lust... (medium) greed, greedy, bad roots. “In all the world,” in
the world of bitter worlds, in the world of mankind, in heaven, in the world of
the world, in the world of worlds, in the world in the world. “After becoming
the hopeless in all worlds”: “After becoming a hopeless in all worlds; after
becoming a desperate man; after becoming a man from desire.” To become a desire
from all the world, you should be alone like a rhino horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“The greedy, no deceit, the longerless, the one who hid not evil, has eliminated
the evil and the evil.

After becoming a desire in all the world, you should be alone like a horn of
rhino.”

143. The evil companions should be avoided: those who saw no interest, those who
     were fixed above the injustice,

You should not make enthusiasts and relax, they should be alone like a rhino
horn.

“Shall avoid the evil companions”: Whoever has ten wickedness of his companion
is called the evil companion: “There is no provision, no provision, no offering,
no good deeds, the fruits and revenuations of evil, and without this world,
Without Him, no mother, no Father, no biological life, there is no right, and
there is no right, right way in the world, Salmon, and Brahmen proclaiming this
world, and He testified with wisdom. This is evil companions. “Evil companions
should be avoided”: “Evil companions should avoid, should avoid.” As should
avoid evil companions.

“Seekers of no interest, fixed on the wrong”: “Whoever the companion has ten
wickedness is called the Seeker of no interest: “There is no provision, no
support... (medium) with wisdom After testifying, proclaim this world and His
world. “The person who is fixed on the wrong,” who is fixed in the wrong
profession; fixed in the wrong language; fixed in the wrong business; the person
fixed in the unrighteous killing; in the unrighteous ungiven And take on those
who are fixed; those who are fixed in the unrighteous evil; those who are fixed
in the false mislanguage; those who are fixed in the unrighteous offensive
words; in the unrighteous offensive words; fixed; fixed in bad greed; fixed in
bad malice; fixed on the wrong evil; fixed on the wrong deeds; fixed on the five
wills of the wrong; in the five wills of the wrong The lid is fixed, firmly
fixed (persistent), stuck, stopped, glued, entered, dyed, oriented to heart [,
attached, fastened, obstructed].” To be seen without interest, fixed above the
wrong.

“He should not make those who are keen and relax”: “The enthusiasm”, whoever
seeks, seeks and seeks, that character, more than that, the heavier, the person
who targets it, and those who strive towards it, To the one who reclines, to the
triumph, and increase to it, he is a keen in desire. Whosoever has thirsty love
in all colors [seek, seek,] in the voice... in the smell... in taste... in the
touch... the man of character, the more and the heavier, the heavier, He is also
keen on those who target it, toward him who strives, tilt to him, to the
victorious, and increase to it. Whosoever gets in all colors because of thirsty
love... in the voice... in the smell... in taste... in the touch, that
character, the person who hears that, the person who hears that, the object of
it, toward it. He is also the one who strives, to the tilt, to him who wins, and
increases to it. Whoever is used by thirsty love in all colors... in the
sound... (medium) in the smell... in taste...... in the touch, the man of
character, the more, the heavier, the person who targets it, the one who works
towards it, to the tilt to that, to the victor, and to the one who increases it,
he is also keen on If the commentators are keen on theory, workers are keen to
work, those who walk on the border are keen on the road, and the meditators are
passionate about meditation. In the same way, whoever seeks, seeks, and seeks,
that character, more than that, the heavier, the object of that, toward the
striving, to the tilt to him, to the winner, and to the solver, and to that He
is the one who is keen in desire. Whosoever has thirsty love in all colors
[seek, seek,] all seek... (medium) Whosoever is obtained by thirsty love...
(medium) is used in all colors by thirsty love... in the voice... (medium) in
the smell On... in the taste... to be used in the touch, the person of
character, more than that, the heavier, the person who targets it, toward the
hard man, to the inclination to it, to the winner, to the triumph, to the one
who increases to it, He is also a keen in desire. “Ease” is a person who is not
born on evil deeds, or in the words of evil, or in the deeds of evil, or in the
five kinds of desires that can be turned, the abandonment of the heart, [or]
irreverence of the practice of the good law State, the state of inconsistent
work, no nonstop state, the state of being adhered to habit, negligent state,
negligent in the state of responsibility, no practice, no practice, no practice,
no practice, not established, not practice [, [Relax]. Where such a state of
relaxation, permisence, and permisence, this is called relaxation.

“Yourself should not make enthusiasts, relax”: “enthusiasts should not
intersect; the liberate themselves should not intersect; they should not engage,
should not engage, should not participate, should not be used, should not be
used, should not Practice, should not be good practice (full practice), should
not be held up after.” For yourself should not make enthusiasts and relax, they
should be like rhino horns alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“Shall avoid the evil companions: the Seeing of no interest, and those who are
fixed above the wrong,

You should not make enthusiasts and relax, and should be alone like a rhino
horn.”

144. It is important to be close to many news, law-holders, excellent and
     talented friends,

Knowing the interests should be removed from suspicion, and should be like a
rhino horn alone.

“Should be close to the multi-news, law-holders”: friends are multihearsay, the
memory holder of the hearing, the accumulators heard, those who are good at the
beginning, the middle is good, the end is good; the meaning is correct, the word
is correct, declared Only the law that is complete and cleansed, such as the law
is heard, remembered, reciting, and observing with his heart, in order to see
good through. “Holders of the law”, the memory of the law: Shutara, the night,
the remembrance, Gatore, Utana, such as the language, the life, no law, Pifura
“Should be close to the multi-news, law-holders”: “The multiheder and the friend
of the law-holder should be close, should be close, should follow, should bend
towards compliance, should fully follow, should be toward compliance.” To be
close to many people, law-holders.

“Excellent, dialectic friend”: “Friends to ring, set, Hui, liberation,
liberation of wisdom as excellent. There are three kinds of defenterers: those
who have learned talents, those who have been questioned, and those who have
testimonials. What are the talents learned? Here, a certain category of people
is a learner of Buddhist language (Buddhist speech): Shutara, the night,
remembered, Gatore, Utana, such as language, ben, no law, Pifura, according to
his learning, this is The talents learned.

What are the talents of the questioning? Here, a certain category of people in
[their own] interests, righteous [interests], special characteristics, reasons,
possible and impossible (excuses), according to his [that] interroperation
appears after the [that] interroperation, this is all over the question. The
person.

What is a testimonial defender? Here, a certain category of people is four, four
positive, four gods, five, five forces, seven senses, eight holy ways, four
salmon fruit, four talents, four talents, six god, for him is known to the
righteous, the known jurisprudence, Known words, in the already known sense of
reason are defended, appear in the known law law, in the known words are
defended, about the three kinds of wisdom is no obstacle to the solution, the
unconscionable person arrives (has), fully arrived (with ), enter, fully enter,
full, fully sufficient, with this argument is no obstacle to the solution, so
the only person who has a sense of counsel. What will he plead without learning,
and he has not asked, nor has he testified? For excellent, talented friends.

“After knowing the interests should be removed from doubt”: “After knowing their
own interests, know the interests of othersAfter knowing the interests of both,
after knowing the interests of the life, after knowing the interests of the
afterlife, the supreme interests of him after knowledge, after the testimony,
after understanding, after the measurement, judgment, after the difference, and
after finding out, suspecting him It should be removed, expelled, cut off,
should be discarded, should be terminated, it should be made to absent.” In
order to know the interests should be removed from suspicion, it should be like
a rhinoceros horn alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“You should be close to many news, law-holders, good and defending friends,

Knowing the interests should be removed from suspicion, and should be like a
rhino horn alone.”

145. in the world of entertainment, joy and desire and pleasure, do not decorate
     after becoming an expectation,

The decorative state has been separated, the real language, should be like a
rhino horn alone.

“Entertainment, joy and pleasure in the world”: “Entertainment”: There are two
kinds of entertainment: physical entertainment and speech entertainment...
(medium) This is the entertainment of the body... (medium) This is the
entertainment of words. “Joy,” which is synonyms for being satisfied, is “joy.”
“Happy”, this is said by Worldman [MN.139]: The Picchu! There are five kinds of
desires, which five? Can be known by the eye, the desired, cute, desirable, cute
look, accompanying, greedy color, can be known by the ear... (medium) sound, can
be known by the nose... the smell of the tongue... ... the taste can be known,
wanted, cute, desirable, cute, cute look, accompanied by desire, greedy touch,
Bichu! These are called five desires. Bichu! Where the five kinds of joy and joy
to be born, Bichu! This is called pleasure. “In the world”, in the world of
mankind.” For entertainment, joy and pleasure in the world.

“Do not decorate after becoming an expectation”: “The entertainment and joy in
the world and the pleasure of not decorating become an unexpectedless person,
after he disconnected, deported, after the end, so that it went to nonexistent.”
For not to decorate after becoming an expectation.

“Decorative state has been separated, true speakers”: “Decorations”, there are
two types of decorations: there are decorations in family, and non-family decor.
What is the decor in the family? Hair, Beard, Wreath, Spices, Balm, Accessories
(), Accessories (), Clothes, Coat, Bandana, Massage, Rubbing, Bath, Rubbing,
Rub, Mirror, Eye Cream, Wreath Spice Balm 、Face powder、Face
paste、Bracelets、Ribbon hair ornaments、Cane、Tube、Sword、Umbrella、Colorful
shoes、Bun、Jewelry、Whisk、White clothes (Thailand Edition) etc., It is in the
decoration of the family.

What are the non-decorations in the family? decorations of clothes, decorations
of bowls, sitting fixtures, decorations of this rotten body or necessities,
landscaping (solemn), dress up, good dress, state of greedy, state of greed,
impetuous state, impetuous light thin, which is not in the decoration of the
family.

“True Speech”, the unspoken person is the true language, the real person, the
reliable, the trustworthy, the person who is free of fraud to the world. The
decorative state is separated, quashed, quashed, left, left, freed, unbound, and
he lives with a restrained heart. To decorate the state has been separated, true
speakers, should be like rhino horns alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“The entertainment, joy and desire and pleasure in the world, after not
decorating, become an unexpectedant,

The decorative state has been separated, true speakers, should be like a rhino
horn alone.

146. Children, wives and parents, Caigui and relatives,

After giving up according to the scope, it should be like a rhino horn alone.

“Children, wives and parents”: “Son [Son]”, there are four kinds of sons: one
born of himself, son born in field, adoptive son, and apprentice son. The wife
[wife] is called the breadwinner (wife). “Father”, that is the one who gave
birth. “Mother,” that is the one who gave birth.” For children, wives and
parents.

“Cai Valley and Relatives”: Gold, Gold Coins, Real Beads, Orbs, Glass, Spiral,
Rock, Coral, Silver, Gold, Ruby (?) 、Agate is called property (goods)。 Before,
after eating is called cereals (cereals): japonica rice, rice, barley, wheat,
corn, beans, barnyard name prefood, suitable for curry named after eating.
“Relatives”, there are four kinds of relatives: relatives are relatives, family
name relatives are also relatives, [co-study] sacred relatives are also
relatives, and [felong] technical relatives are also relatives. For Cai Valley
with relatives.

“After the desires of the scope”: “wills”, there are two kinds of desires from
praise: the wills of things and the desire to pollute... (middle) these are
called the desires of things...Called Contamination. “After the desire to give
up”, after he knew the desire of things, after discarding, after discarding,
after expropriation, and after the end of the end, so that it did not exist.
“According to the scope of the desire to abandon”: “Whoever has to be cut off
the pollution, those pollution he no longer experience, do not return, do not
return; where the pollution is cut off... (middle) is not cut off Pollution...
Whoever was cut off by the Arrohan Road, those polluted he no longer
experienced, did not return, do not go back.” To give up according to the scope
of your wishes, it should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“Children and wives and parents, Caiguu and relatives,

After giving up according to the scope, you should be alone like a horn of
rhino.”

147. This is dyed: here the little joy, less fun, here there is more bitter,

Like this is a hook、After the Joyer knows, it should be like a rhino horn
alone.

“This is dyed: little joy here”: “dyed,” or “crochet,” or “temptation,” or
“sticking,” or “obstacle”, which is synonyms for five kinds of desire. “Little
joy here,” this is said by Worldman: The Bichu! There are five kinds of desires,
which five? Can be known by the eye, want, cute, desirable, cute look,
accompanied by desire, greedy color... (medium) can be known, wanted, cute,
desirable, desirable, cute, cute, cute, Accompaniment to the desire, greedy
touch, the Picchu! These are called five desires. Bichu! Where the five kinds of
joy and joy to be born, Bichu! This is called pleasure. The music is less; it is
trivial; it is only some; it is inferior; it is inferior; it is inferior; it is
inferior; it is inferior.” For this is dyed: little joy here.

“The less taste, there is more bitterness here”: “Worldom said, “For less joy
and bitterness, more despair, there is more suffering here; Worldom said: Like
bones... Worldom said: Like a piece of meat... Worldom said: Like a piece of
meat... The Torch... Worlden said: Like charcoal fire pit... Worldend said: Like
a dream... Worldest said: Like a tree... Worldest said: Like a slaughterhouse...
Worldest said: Like a sword... Worldest said: Like a sword... Worldly Said: How
bitter and desperate as a snake, there is more affliction here [MN.22].” For
less music taste、Here there is more bitter。

“Like this, this is a hooks, after the Joyer knows”: “hook,” or “crochet,” or
“temptation,” or “sticking,” or “obstacle,” which is synonyms for five kinds of
desires. “Like this”, the continuation of the sentence; the link of the
sentence; the success of the sentence; the combination of words; the connection
of words; this is the second sentence, “like this.” “The Wise” is the wise, the
wise, the wise, the sense, the wise, the difference, the wise. “Like this, this
is the hooks, after the Jue Hui knows the hook, after knowing the hook, after
knowing the “crochet”, after knowing the “seducer”, after knowing the
“sticking”, knowing the “bondage”, knowing the “barrier” After, he understood,
after measuring, judging, after each, and figuring out. As such it is a
hook、After the Joyer knows, it should be like a rhino horn alone。

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“This is dyed: here the little joy, less fun, here there is more bitterness,

This is a hook like this, and the Joyer knows that he should be alone like a
rhino horn.”

148. After breaking the knot, such as the water fish destroyed the net,

If the fire returns combustible, it should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

“After breaking the knot”: there are ten kinds of knot: to covy, bad knot, slow
knot, skeptical knot, forbidden knots, covetous, jealous knot, save stingy,
“After breaking the knot”: “Ten kinds of chitars after rupture, broken, after
disconnection, after expulsion, after the end, so that it went to the absence.”
After breaking all the knot.

“After destroying net of fish in water”: “net is called rope net, water (Salila)
is called water (udaka), fish (Ambucārī) is called fish (maccho). Such as fish
destroyed, completely destroyed, broken, completely broken, completely broken
net, it line, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival, the same,
there are two kinds of nets: thirsty net and see net... (Slightly) It was
thirsty love net... it was with the net. For the monosithic sense of thirst love
net has been cut off, the net has been dismissed, to the state of thirst love
net has been cut off, the state of the net has been dismissed, the monoist is
not adhered to in the color, not adhered to the sound , It is not adhered to on
the smell... (medium slightly) in the placeSee, smell, feel, be able to be
knowledge are not adhered, not captured, not bound, not bound, not bound all
over [, not coma], has departed, left, liberated, bound, he is away from the
restricted heart And live.” After destroying the net for fish such as water.

“As fire returns combustion”: “If the fire burns grass fuel, it comes to no
return, the same, for that whoever has to be cut off the pollution, those
pollution he no longer experience, no Return, do not go back; by a way...
(middle) is not rewarded... Where the pollution is cut off by Arrohan Road,
those polluted he no longer experience, do not return, do not go back.” To
return combustion like fire, you should be alone like a rhino horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“After breaking the knot, such as the fish in the water destroy the net,

If the fire returns to the combustion, it should be like a rhinoceros horn
alone.

149. eyes down and not wandering, guarding the root, protecting the mind,

The unleakable, not burned, should be alone like a rhino horn.

“Eyes down and not wandering”: “How are eyes confused? Here, Bichu is a man who
is unrestless in the eyes, “The one that should be seen is not seen, and the one
that should be crossed shall be seen.” From garden to garden, from garden to
garden, village to village, from town to town, city to city, from country to
country, from place to place, he is in order to see a long processions,
irregular processions Ever, this is confusing eyes.

Or, when Picchu was a visitor to his home, a walker on the street, he walked
unguarded: he walked as he looked at the elephant, looked at horses, looked at
the car, the infantry, the boys and girls. Looking at women, looking at men,
looking at the market, at the doorstep of the house, looking at the top, looking
below, looking around all sides, this is also confusing eyes.

Or, Bichu became an executor of the phase after seeing it, because when living
in the root of the eye is not protected, the law of greed and evil bad will flow
in, he does not act according to his own control, does not protect the root of
the eye, Do not reach homemade [SN.35.120] on the root of the eye, so it is also
confusing eyes.

Or if some Salmon, Brahmen, Master Brahmen, after receiving food from faith,
they live in performances like this: dance, singing, music, drama, ancient
speaking, handbell, cymbals, drums, magic, Iron ball play, bamboo stick play,
stunt, elephant fight, horse fight, buffalo fight, bull fight, goat fight, ram
fight, rooster fight, quail fight, stick fight, fist fight, wrestling, drill,
soldier, Military Front, Parade [DN.1, para. 13], etc., are the performers of
such a variety of performances, which are also confusing eyes.

How is the eye down? Here, Bichu is not a person who is unrestless in the eyes,
and does not have an eye unrestless: “What should be seen is not seen, and the
crossing should be seen.” Not from garden to garden, not from garden to garden,
not from village to village, not from town to town, city to city, not from
country to country, not from place to place, he is not in order to see long
processions in all its forms, The practitioners of irregular processions. This
is the eye down.

Or, when Picchu is a visitor to the home, a walker on the street, he walks in
guard: he walks without looking at the elephant, does not look at horses, does
not look at the car, does not look at the infantry, does not look at the boy
Boys and girls, do not look at women, do not look at men, do not look at the
market, do not look at the doorstep of the house, do not look above, do not look
below, do not look at all sides, and do not look around all sides, this is also
the eye down.

Or, Bichu does not become the execution of the phase, the execution of the fine
phase, because when living in the root of the eye is not protected, greed, evil
bad law will flow in, he acts according to his own control, to protect the root
of the eye, in The root of the eye reaches homemade, so that it is also the eye
down.

Or if some Salmon and Master Brahmen were given food, they lived in performances
like this, namely, dance, singing, music... parade, etc., which is a variety of
performances like this. The evade, so that it is also eyes down.

“And not wandering”, how is wandering? Here, a certain class of Bichu is a
wandering, with roaming: from garden to garden, from garden to garden, village
to village, town to town, city to city, from country to country, from place to
place, he lives Engage in long processions and irregular processions. This is
wandering.

Or Bichu in the monk vanders, withWandering: no cause of interest, no reason to
lift the ground, without silence from the monk to the monk house, from the
residence to the residence, from the half-roof to the half-roof of the house,
from the high rise to the high rise, from flat house Walk to flat house, go from
cave to cave, from cave to cave, from cottage to hut, from heavy to heavy house,
from lookout to lookout, from tent to tent, from shed to shed, from lecture hall
to The lecture hall, walk from the round house to the round house, from under
the tree, or the Picchu sit down where he walks there, where he becomes second,
or third for two, or fourth for three. There are many unclean words, namely, the
theory of kings, thieves... (in the middle), say if there is no matter, and so
on, it is also wandering.

“And the unwandering”, the unrighteous person has been separated from the
wandering, forbent, quanned, has left, has left, has been freed, has been bound,
is a person who is happy to sit alone from the restricted heart, loving alone,
The inner end practitioner, do not disregard the Zen, have viewers, gain empty
houses, meditators, Zen loving, monogeneity practitioners, redeemers of their
own interests. For eyes down with no wandering.

“The guardian of the root, protect the heart”: ““The guardian of the root”, “the
unobtrusive person, after seeing the color, does not become the executor of the
phase, because when living in the root of the eye is not protected, greed,
worried The law of evil will flow in, he acts according to his own, protect the
root of the eye, reach the self-made on the root of the eye, after listening to
the sound... after the smell of nose... after taste with the tongue... after
touching the touch... Conscious knowledge law, do not become the execution of
the phase, the execution of the fine phase, because when living in the root is
not protected, greed, worried bad law will flow, he acts according to his own
control, protect the root, care on the root reach Homemade. For the guardian of
root. “Protecting the heart” is the guardian of the mind.” To protect the root,
protect the mind.

“The unleakable, not burned”: 'This is said by His Holiness [SN.35.243]:
“Alumni! We will teach you to leak out of the gate, and not to leak out of it.
You guys have to listen! You guys have to make good ideas! I have to say it.”
His Holiness said:

“Alumni! How is the leaks? Alumni! Here, Bichu to see color, inclined to cute
color, not cute color, live in the body is not established, less careful, not
truthfulness of mind relief, Hui relief: those born of evil bad law endless; ear
After listening to the voice... (medium) after the knowledge of consciousness,
indulge in the cute law, reject the cute law, live in the mind is not
established, less careful, not the truth of the mind relief, Hui relief: those
born evil evil infinitely Destroy, Alumni! This is called Bichu is a leak in the
color that can be known by the eye... (middle) is a leak in the method of being
aware. Alumni! When Bichu lived like this, if the magic approached him from the
eye, the magic gets the opportunity, the magic gets the object; if the magic
approached him... (middle) if the magic approached him, the magic gets the
opportunity, the magic gets the object.

Alumni! Like a dry reed house or thatched house for three or four years, if a
man approached it from the east with a burning torch, the fire gets the chance,
the fire gets the object; if a man from the west... If from the south... if from
below... if from above... if a man approached it with a burning torch in that
direction, the fire gets the chance, the fire gets the object. Again, the
alumni! When Bichu lived like this, if the magic approached him from the eye,
the magic gets the opportunity, the magic gets the object; if the magic from the
ear... (middle) if the magic approached him, the magic gets the opportunity, the
magic gets the object.

Alumni! When such live, color conquer Picchu, non-Picchu conquer color; voice
conquer Picchu, non-Picchu conquer sound; smell conquer Bichu, non-Picchu
conquer smell; taste conquer Picchu, non-Picchu conquer taste; the conquest
Bichu, not touched by the conquest of Picchu; law conquest of Picchu, non-Picchu
conquest, alumni! This is called by color conquered, conquered by sound,
conquered by smell, conquered by taste, conquered by law, conquered by law;
conquered, not conqueror; polluted, regenerated, painful, painful, bitter. 、The
future is killed by the evil and bad law of life and death. Alumni! This is the
leak.

Alumni! How does it not leak out? Alumni! Here, Bichu to see color, do not lean
on the cute color, do not reject the cute color, live in the body has been
established, no heart, truthfulness of mind relief, Hui relief: those born evil
evil can endless; After hearing the voice... (medium) after the consciousness of
knowledge, do not indulge in the lovely law,Do not rule out the cute law, live
in the body has been established, no heart, honest mind relief, Hui relief:
those born of evil and bad things endless, friends! This is called Bichu is not
leaking out of the color that can be known by the eye... (middle) is not leaked
in the law of being aware. Alumni! When Bichu lived like this, if the magic
approached him from the eye, the magic will not get the opportunity, the magic
does not get the object; if the ear... (middle) if the magic approached him, the
magic will not get the opportunity, the magic does not get the object.

Alumni! Like a heavy court or thick clay newly coated heavy hall, if a man
approached it from the east with a burning torch, the fire will not get an
opportunity, the fire does not get the object; if from the west... (middle) if
from the north... If from the south... if from below... if from above... if a
man approached it with a burning torch in that direction, the fire neither gets
a chance nor an object. Again, the alumni! When Bichu lived like this, if the
magic approached him from the eye, the magic neither get the chance, the magic
can not get the object... (middle) if the magic is willing to approach him, the
magic neither get the opportunity, the magic can not get the object.

Alumni! When such live, Picchu conquer color, non-color conquer Picchu; Bichu
conquer sound, non-sound conquer Bichu; bichu conquer smell, non-smell conquer
bichu; bichu conquer taste, not taste conquer Picchu; Picchu conquer Touch, not
touched to conquer Bichu; bichu conquest method, illegal conquest of Bichu,
alumni! This is called the color of conquest, the voice of conquest, the smell
of conquest, the taste of conquest, the conquest touched, the method of
conquest, the Conqueror, not the conqueror; he conquered those polluted,
regenerated, painful, painful, bitter, The evil law of life and death in the
future. Alumni! This is the one who does not leak.” For the non-leakage.

For those who are not burned, they are not burned by the coke of greed; those
who are not burned by the scorched heat of the wicked; those who are not burned
by obsession. For those who are unleakable and not burned, they should be alone
like a horn of rhino.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“The eyes down and those who do not wander, the guardian of the root, and those
who protect their hearts,

The unleakable, and those who are not burned, should be alone like a horn of
rhino.”

150. after taking the mark in the family, such as the day tree of the covered
     leaves,

[Were] After getting out of home, you should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

“After taking the mark in the family”: hair, beard... (medium) long white (Thai
version), etc., are known as markers in the family. “After taking the mark in
the family”: “After the family's mark is abandoned, completely abandoned, after
dropping down, after extinction.” After taking down the mark in the family.

“As the tree of the day covered with the leaves”: “As a day ebony tree with
dense leaves and thick shade, the same is the man of the righteous man.” For
such as the day tree of the covered leaves.

“[With] Surplice at home”: “The unconscious person has cut off all obstacles at
home, after cutting off the barriers of his child's wife, after cutting off the
barriers of relatives, after cutting off the barriers of friends, after cutting
off storage barriers, and shaving off storage barriers After the hair, wrapped
in a surplice, from home, become a non-home life, started to become a state of
nothing alone, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival. After
you get out of the house, you should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

“After taking the mark in the family, such as the day tree of the covered
leaves,

[Were] After you get out of home, you should be alone like a rhino horn.

The third product [Completed].





Excerpt:

1. go to see → decision → → → → Chiso → not to be guided by other.

2. no greed, deceit, longing, not hiding evil, except evil and obsession from
   all world wishes. (Tibetan Horizontal Sly)

3. avoid evil companions (no interest, wrong, enthusiastic, relaxing), close to
   many news, law-holders, excellent, dialectic friends.

4. entertainment, joy, desire and pleasure is fishing hook, from the decoration:
   no expectation, true language, guardian root (eyes do not wander down),
   protect the mind, no drain, not burned all over.

5. crumble like a broken net of fish, the fire does not fold back to the
   burning.

12/5/2020 11:02

