Third product
    141. The distorted view has been cast off, the decision has been reached, the way has been obtained,
       I am a wise man who has arisen and will not be guided by others: I should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     "The distorted view has been cast off": The distorted view is called the Twenty Dependent Views. Here, the unheard of ordinary people have never seen the saints, those who are not proficient in the saints, and have not been trained in the saints; they have never seen good people, are unskilled in the saints, and have not been trained in the saints, thinking that sex is me , Or I have form, or form in me, or I am in form, feel... (slightly) think... OK... think that consciousness is me, or I have consciousness, or consciousness is in me, or I am in consciousness In [SN.22.1], where such views, evil views, jungle views, desert views, distorted views, shaken views, and bound views hold, accept, hold, cling, evil ways, The place where evil ways, evil natures, and outer ways depend, the clasping of upside down (vipariyesa), the clinging of upside down (viparīta), the clinging of upside down (vipallāsa), the clinging of evil, "on the unreal [see] The grip of "for the real", all come to the reach of the sixty-two evil views, these are distorted views. "The distorted view has been shaken off": "The distorted view has been shaken off, has been surpassed, has been traversed, has been surpassed, has been overcome." The distorted view has been ridden.
"The decision has been reached, the way has been obtained": "The four [holy] ways are called decisions. {The eight holy ways, namely: right view, right will, right speech, right karma, right life, right effort, right thoughts, right concentration?} "Those who possess the four noble paths have reached, fully reached, reached, reached, reached, and have given testimony to decide." It is the decision that has been reached. "The path has been obtained", [Eight noble paths, namely: right view, right will, right speech, Right karma, right life, right diligence, right mindfulness, right concentration?] Has gained the Tao, has gained the Tao, has reached the Tao, has reached the Tao, has witnessed the Tao." It means the decision has been reached, the Tao has been obtained.
"I am the one who has arisen wise and will not be guided by other people": "The wisdom of the one who has been enlightened has arisen, has been fully arisen, has been born, has been born, has appeared: "All actions are impermanent" Has arisen, has fully arisen, has been born, has been born, has appeared; "All deeds are suffering"... (Omitted) "All Dhamma is without self"... "Any collection of Dhamma is an extinction" Wisdom has arisen , Has fully arisen, has been born, has been born, has appeared. "For me, the wise man has arisen. "Won't be guided by other people", that individual enlightened person is one who is not guided by others, does not depend on others, does not depend on others, has reached the one who is not bound by others, he knows and sees truthfully, is not The ignorant, the wiser, and the rememberer: "All actions are impermanent." He is a person who is not guided by others, is not dependent on others, is not due to others, has reached the person who is not bound by others, he knows truthfully, Seeing, it is the one who is not ignorant, the one who knows right, and the one who remembers; "All deeds are suffering"... (Omitted) "All Dhamma is without self"... "Any collection of Dhamma is an extinction of Dhamma" He is not subject to others The guide, the one who does not depend on others, the one who is not due to others, and the one who has not been restrained by others, he who knows and sees truthfully is the one who is not ignorant, the one who knows right, and the one who remembers. "Because I am a wise man who has arisen and will not be guided by others: I should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "The distorted view has been cast off, the decision has been reached, the way has been obtained,
       I am a wise man who has arisen and will not be guided by others: I should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    142. Those who do not have greed, deceit, or desire, those who do not hide evil, those who have eliminated evil and idiots,
After        becomes the one who has left his wish in all the world, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Those who are not greedy, who are not deceitful, and those who are not craving": "Greed is called craving, that is greed, greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. That greed, craving, right For the single enlightened person, the root has been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it becomes non-existent, and it is the future immortal. Therefore, the single enlightened person is the one without greed.
     "Non-deceitful", there are three kinds of tricks: tricks to be used, tricks to behave and tricks, and tricks to tricks around.
    What is the trickery of using resources? Here, the homeowners invite the bhikkhus with clothes, food, shelter, patients’ necessities, and medical necessities. He is an evil desire person, a person with a desire for nature, and a hoper. He is a person who has clothes, food, shelter, necessities of the patient, and medical necessities. Hoping for more and rejecting clothes, refusal to give food, refusal to shelter, refusal of patients’ necessities and medical necessities, he said: "What does high-value clothes have for Shamen!" Fanshamen should be put onIt is appropriate to choose rags from the mound room or garbage dump or in front of the shop to make coats {of}. What does it mean to Salmon with high-value feeding! Fan Shamen should survive by picking up ears and picking up ears. This is appropriate. What is there for Shamen with high-value accommodation! Where Shamen should be those who live under the trees or between the mounds or live in the open, this is appropriate. What is it for Salmon with high-value patient needs and medical necessities! Van Salmon should be medicine with fermented cow urine or crushed halil, which is appropriate. After grasping that, he wears coarse clothes; receives coarse food; lives in coarse dwellings; uses coarse patients’ necessities and medical necessities. The homeowners knew him this way: "This Shaman is a person with little desire, a contented person, a lonely person, a person who is away from the masses, a person whose vitality has been activated, and a talker. "They used more and more invitations with clothes, food, shelter, patients’ necessities, and medical necessities." He said: "The three current states have faithful men who produce a lot of merit: the current state of faith has faithful men. The current state that produces a lot of merit and donation has a believing man who produces a lot of merit, and the current state of a person worthy of support has a believing man who produces a lot of merit. You are the believer, and the charity exists (discovered), and I am the receiver. If I don’t accept it, then you will become outsiders of merit. This is not necessary for me, but just for pity. You, I accept. After clinging to that, he accepts many clothes, many foods, many residences, and many patients' necessities and medical necessities. The frown of anyone who frowns like this; the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is a tricky thing that can be used.
    What is the trickery of behavior? Here, there are certain types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: "In this way, people will respect me. 』He placed to walk, placed to stand, placed to sit, placed to lie down, walked for desire, stood for desire, sat down for desire, lay down for desire, walked like a person in concentration, as in concentration He stands, sits down like a meditation person, lies down like a meditation person, and becomes visible as a meditator. The placement, strengthening, and complete placement of behaviors like this; the frown of the frowning person; the path of trickery and the state of trickery, this is the trickery of deportment.
     What is the trickery of peripheral verbal tricks? Here, there are certain types of evil desirers, those who desire nature, and those who desire respect [thought]: "In this way, people will respect me. He spoke according to the Holy Law, and he said: "Whoever dresses like this is a powerful sandman." "He said: "Anyone who holds a bowl like this... (slightly) holding a copper bowl... holding a water filter... holding a water filter bag... holding a key... wearing shoes... wearing a belt... It is the sand gate of great power. "He said: "Whoever his monk is like this, he is a powerful sandman." "He said: "Whoever his teacher is like this... (slightly) the equivalent of a monk is like this... the equivalent of a teacher... a friend... an acquaintance... a close person... a companion... He is a powerful sandman. "He said: "Anyone who lives in a dwelling like this...in a half-roof house...in a tall building...in a flat house...in a cave...living in a cave...living in a hut (solitary mansion)... ...Living in a heavy pavilion...Living in an observatory...Living in a round house...Living in a shed...Living in a lecture hall...Living in a tent...Living under a tree...He is the sand gate of great power. 』
Or, those who keep frowning; those who keep frowning; those who keep tricking; those who keep nagging; those who are respected because of their mouths, he said that they are as deep, secret, subtle, secret, out-of-the-world, and Sora related talk: "This Sandman gets this quiet residence like this and waits. The frown of anyone who frowns like this; the path of the trick, the state of the trick, this is the trickery of the surrounding language. For the single enlightened person, these three kinds of tricks: tricks with money and tricks, tricks with behavior, and tricks with peripheral language have been cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, Can't arise and be burned by the fire of wisdom, therefore, the only enlightened one is a non-scheming one. .
     "Those who have no desire", desire is called thirst, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. The longing, the thirsting, has been cut off for the Enlightened One, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, becoming something non-existent, something immortal for the future. Therefore, the one The enlightened one is the one without desire. "For those without greed, without deceit, and without desire.
"Those who do not hide the evil, have eliminated the filth and idiot": ""Hiding the evil" refers to all acts of hiding evil, hypocrisy, hypocrisy, jealousy, and jealousy. "Hard filth" refers to greed, filthy, filthy, anger Sordid filth, idiotic filth, anger... (slightly) resentment... hiding evil... bossy... all unwholesome contrived things. "Ignorance" is ignorance on suffering, ignorance on suffering, ignorance on suffering, ignorance on the path leading to suffering, ignorance on the past, ignorance on the future, in the past and the future The ignorance of the above, the ignorance of the specific conditionality and the conditioned state, all such ignorance, not seeing, not seeing, not being aware [, not enlightening], not understanding, not firm, not understanding, not To see correctly, not to examine, {not to examine karma}[not to understand], bad wisdom, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance, ignorance storm, yoke of ignorance, potential trend of ignorance trouble, ignorance entanglement, The fence of ignorance, the root of ignorance. For that single enlightened person, hiding evil and filth and ignorance has been spit out, has been spit out completely, has been eliminated, has been cut off, has been cut off, has been calmed down, has been stopped, cannot arise , Has been burned by Zhihuo. "The only enlightened person is the one who does not hide the evil, and has eliminated the filth and idiot.
     "Become the one who has left the desire in all the world": Desire is called craving, which is greed, greed... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "In all worlds", in the world of suffering, in the world of humans, in the world of heaven, in the world of aggregates, in the world, in the world in the world. "Become the one who has no desire in all the worlds": "After all the worlds become the one who has no desires; become the one who departs from the thirsty; after becoming the one who departs from the desire." In order to become the one who departs from the desire in all the worlds, it should be like a rhino horn Go alone.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "Those who do not have greed, deceit, or desire, those who do not hide evil, those who have eliminated evil and idiots,
After        becomes the one who has left his wish in all the world, he should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    143. Evil companions should be avoided: those who see no benefit, those who are fixed above the wrong,
       Oneself should not make friends with enthusiasts and loosers, but should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Should avoid evil companions": Anyone who has ten bases for evil views is called an evil companion: "There is no charity, no offerings, no offerings, no good or evil karma, no results and rewards. In this world, there is no other world, no mother, no father, no metamorphic sentient beings. There is no righteous, righteous sandman or brahman in this world who testifies to this world and other worlds.” This is an evil companion . "Evil companions should be avoided": "Evil companions should be avoided, should be avoided." That means that evil companions should be avoided.
"The unprofitable seer, the one who is fixed above the unrighteous": "Anyone who has a bad view of the companion who has ten refuges is called the unprofitable seer: "No charity, no support... (omitted) After giving testimony, Zhengzhi declares this life and other lives." "The one who is fixed above the wrong", the one who is fixed in the wrong body karma; the one who is fixed in the wrong language karma; the one who is fixed in the wrong intention Those who are fixed in karma; those who are fixed in unrighteous killing; those who are fixed when they are not given; those who are fixed in unrighteous adultery; those who are fixed in unrighteous deceit; those who are fixed in unrighteous separation Those who are fixed in language; those who are fixed in unfair and vulgar language; those who are fixed in unjust vulgar language; those who are fixed in unrighteous greed; those who are fixed in unfair malice; those who are fixed in unfair views Fixer; fixed on the wrong lines; fixed on the five desires of wrong; fixed, deeply fixed (attachment), stuck, stopped, stuck, on the five lids of wrong, To be entered, to be stained, to be turned toward [, to be attached, to be fixed, to be obstructed]." Those who see without benefit, are fixed above the wrong.
"Oneself should not make friends with enthusiasts and loosers": "Enthusiasts", those who seek, seek, and beg on all desires, those with character, those who have more, those who value the other, those who target that, The hardworking person, the lean towards that, the overcomer, and the uplifter, he is a passionate person. Anyone who is [seeking, seeking,] begging in all colors because of thirst... in sound... (omitted) in smell... in taste... in touch... beg, that character, The one who has more, the one who emphasizes, the one who targets that, the one who works hard, the one who leans toward the one who overcomes, the one who increases, he is also a passionate one. Whoever gets in the colors because of thirst... in the sound... (omitted) in the smell... in the taste... in the touch, the person with the character, the more, the more, the The person who is the target, the person who strives, the person who leans towards the person who overcomes, the person who increases, he is also a passionate person. Anyone who is used in all colors because of thirst... in sound... (omitted) in smell... in taste...…To be used in touch, the character, the more, the more important, the one who targets that, the hard worker, the lean, the overcomer, the increase, he is also in Desire enthusiasts, such as critics are enthusiastic about criticism, workers are enthusiastic about work, those who walk on the path are keen on the path, and meditators are keen on meditation. In the same way, whoever seeks, seeks, and asks all over the desires, the character, the more, the heavy, the object, the harder, the lean, the overcomer, and The one who increases, he is a passionate one. Anything that is [seeking, seeking,] begging in the various colors because of thirst... (slightly omitted) Whatever is obtained in the various colors because of thirst... In sound... (omitted) In smell... In taste... In touch, the character, the more, the heavy, the one who is the object, the hard worker, the lean , To the overcomer, to the increaser, he is also a passionate person. "Release" means that liberation means that in the evil deeds of the body, or in the evil deeds of speech, or in the evil deeds of the mind, or in the five desires, letting go can be turned, and the heart's abandonment does not arise. [Or] The state of no respect for the practice of good law, the state of impermanence, the state of non-stop working, the state of being stuck to the habit, the state of neglecting desire, the state of neglecting responsibility, not practicing, not practicing, Do not practice much, do not establish, do not practice [, let go]. Anything like this state of letting go, letting go, and letting go is called letting go.
"Oneself should not make friends with enthusiasts and loosers": "Those who are enthusiasts should not make friends; those who are loose should not make friends; they should not make friends, should not engage in, should not participate, should not be used, should not be practiced, and should not It should be good practice (complete practice), and should not be turned around after holding it.” For yourself, you should not make friends with enthusiasts and loosers, and should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "Evil companions should be avoided: those who see no benefit, those who are fixed above the wrong,
       Oneself should not make friends with enthusiasts and loosers, but should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    144. You should get close to people who hear a lot, those who hold the law, and excellent and debatable friends,
       After knowing all the benefits, one should dispel doubts and walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Should be close to those who hear more and those who hold the law": Friends are those who hear more, remember what they hear, accumulate what they hear, and those who start with goodness, the middle is good, and the end is good; the meaning is correct and the words are correct. He declares that there is only perfection and purification of Brahma. Such a Dhamma has been heard, remembered, memorized, observed with the heart, and penetrated with the good. "Dhamma-holder", memorial of the Dhamma: Shudara, Ziya, Jishuo, Gada, Udana, Rhythm, Jataka, No Dhamma, Vaifura. "Should be close to those who hear more and those who hold the law": "The friends of those who hear more and the law holders should be close, should be completely close, should obey, should bend to obey, should be completely obedient, and should be towards obedient." , Law holders.
"Excellent, eloquent friends": "Friends who are excellent in virtue of precept, concentration, wisdom, liberation, and liberation of wisdom. "There are three kinds of eloquents: the learned eloquent and the inquisitive eloquent. What is a learned debater? Here, a certain type of person is a learner of Buddhist language (the teachings of the Buddha): Shudara, Zhiye, Jishuo, Gada, Udana, and so on Language, Jataka, No Dhamma, Vaiful, appear after relying on his learning, this is a learned debater.
     What is a debater who asks repeatedly? Here, a certain type of person is a questioner in [own] interests, justice [interests], characteristics, reasons, possibility and impossibility (disposal), and appears after reliance on his [that] questioning. This is the debater of repeated questions.
     What is a proven debater? Here, a certain type of person is the attainer of the four mindfulness, the four righteousness, the four spiritual feet, the five senses, the five powers, the seven enlightenment elements, the eight holy paths, the four sammon fruits, the four debates, and the six magic powers. Those who have known the reason, the known method, and the known word, the reason is defended in the known principle, the method appears in the known law, the word is defended in the known word, and the three kinds of wisdom are not hindered. To understand the wisdom, the one who has the independent enlightenment arrives (has), fully arrives (has), enters, fully enters, has enough, is fully satisfied, and possesses this kind of argument. If he hasn't learned, questioned, and proved, what will he answer? "For an excellent and talented friend.
     "You should get rid of doubt after knowing all your interests": "After knowing your own interests, you should know the interests of othersLater, after knowing the interests of the two, after knowing the interests of the current life, after knowing the interests of the future life, the highest interest is after knowing, after verifying, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating, After being clear, I suspect that he should be removed (modulated), expelled, cut off, expelled, terminated, and made to cease to exist. After knowing all the benefits, one should remove doubts and walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "You should get close to the well-heeled, the law-holder, the excellent and debatable friends,
       After knowing all the benefits, one should dispel doubts and walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    145. The entertainment, joy, desire and pleasure in the world, without decoration, become a person without expectations,
Those who        the decoration state has separated and the truth-speakers should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Entertainment, joy and desire in the world": ""Entertainment": There are two kinds of entertainment: physical entertainment and verbal entertainment... (abbreviated) this is physical entertainment... (abbreviated) this is verbal entertainment. "Joy", which is synonymous with being satisfied, is "joy". "Desire", this is said by the World-Honored One [MN.139]: Bhikkhus! There are five kinds of desires, which five kinds? Can be known by the eyes , The desired, cute, desirable, cute, accommodating, greedy color, can be recognized by the ear... (omitted) sound, can be recognized by the nose... smell, can The taste of being known by the tongue... can be touched by the body knowing, the desired, cute, desirable, cute, accommodating, and greedy, monks! These are called five kinds Desire. Bhikkhus! The happiness and joy that arise from these five desires, bhikkhus! This is called lust. "In the world", in the world of mankind." It is the entertainment, joy, and pleasure in the world.
"Become a non-expected one without decoration": "The entertainment and joy in the world and the pleasure of the world become non-expected without decoration. After he has given up, he is driven away, after the end, and makes him go to non-existence." Become a non-expectant without decoration.
"Decoration status separated, true whisperer": ""Decoration", there are two kinds of decoration: there are decorations for the resident, and there are decorations for the non-residents. What is the decoration of the resident? Hair, beard, wreath, spices, Balm, ornaments (璎珞), accessories (璎珞), clothes, hoods covering the face, headscarf, massage, rubbing, bathing, rubbing, mirror, eye ointment, garland spice balm, face powder, face painting Cream, bracelets, ribbon hair accessories, sticks, tubes, swords, umbrellas, colorful shoes, buns, jewelry, whisks, long and short white clothes (Thailand version), etc., this is the decoration of the layperson.
    What is the decoration of non-resident family? The decoration of clothes, the decoration of the bowl, the decoration of the bed, the decoration of the rotten body or the decoration of necessities, beautification (solemnity), desire to dress up, well-dressed, greedy state, greedy state, impetuous state, impetuous and shallow, this The decoration of right and wrong family members.
     "True Whisperer", the one who is only enlightened is the true whisperer, the truthful, the reliable, the trustworthy, and the one who has no deception in the world. The decorative state has been separated, abstained, abstained, renunciation, renunciation, liberation, and renunciation, he lives with the heart of separation and restriction. Those who have separated their decoration status and who are truth-speakers should walk alone like rhino horns.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "The entertainment, joy, desire and pleasure in the world will become those without expectations without decoration,
Those who        the decoration state has separated and the truth-speakers should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    146. Wife and parents, Caigu and relatives,
       After giving up all the desires in the range, you should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"Children, Wife and Parents": ""Er [child]", there are four kinds of sons: sons born by yourself, sons born in the field, adopted sons, and apprentice sons. Wife [son] is called the one who should be supported (wife). "Father [pro]", that is the one who gave birth. "Mother [pro]", that is the one who gave birth." For children, wives and parents.
"Treasure Valley and Relatives": "Gold, gold coins, pearls, orbs, glass, snails, rocks, corals, silver, gold, rubies (?), agate are called wealth (things). Known as grain (things): Japonica rice, rice, barley, wheat, millet, beans, and barnyard are called pre-food, and those suitable for curry are called post-food. "Relations", there are four kinds of relatives: relatives are relatives, surname relatives They are also relatives, [同xi] Shengdian relatives are also relatives, and [同习] skill relatives are also relatives." For Caigu and relatives.
     "After abandoning all the desires according to the scope": "Desire", there are two kinds of desires: the desire of things and the desire of pollution... (abbreviated) these are called the desires of things... (abbreviated) these areCalled the desire for pollution. "After abandoning all desires", after he is omniscient in the desire for things, after abandoning the desire for pollution, after abandoning, after being driven away, after finishing, and making it go beyond existence. "After abandoning all the desires according to the scope": "Any pollution that is cut off by the Sutohuan Dao, those pollution he no longer experiences, does not return, and does not return; all the pollution that is cut off by the Yilai Dao... (omitted) The pollution that is cut off by the non-returning Taoshe...Anyone who is polluted by the Arahat Taoshe will no longer experience, return, or return to the pollution." After giving up for the desires of the scope, you should walk alone like a rhino horn .
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "Children, wives and parents, Caigu and relatives,
       After giving up all the desires in the range, you should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    147. This is dyeing: the little happiness here, the less enjoyable, and the more suffering here,
       Like this, this is a fishing hook. After knowing it, the wise person should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"This is dyeing: the little happiness here": ""Dyeing", or "crochet", or "tempting object", or "sticking", or "obstacle", which is synonymous with the five desires." Here’s a little happiness", this is said by the Blessed One: Bhikkhus! There are these five desires, which are the five? Can be recognized by the eye, what is wanted, cute, agreeable, cute, and accompanied by desire , The color of greed and color... (abbreviated) can be touched by body knowledge, what is desirable, cute, desirable, cute, accompanied by desire, and greedy, monks! These are called five Desires. Bhikkhus! All the happiness and joy that arise from these five desires, bhikkhus! This is called lust. This pleasure is small; this pleasure is insignificant; this pleasure is only some; this pleasure is Inferior; this happiness is inferior; this happiness is inferior intent.” For this is dyed: the little happiness here.
"Those with less pleasure have more suffering here": "The Blessed One said: Desire for less pleasure but more bitterness and more despair, there are more troubles here; Blessed One said: Desire is like bones... The Blessed One said: Desire Like a piece of flesh... The Blessed One says: Desire is like a torch... The Blessed One says: Desire is like a charcoal pit... The Blessed One says: Desire is like a dream... The Blessed One says: Desire is like a borrowed thing... The Blessed One says: Desire is like a tree... Said: Desire is like a slaughterhouse... The Blessed One said: Desire is like a sword halberd... The Blessed One said: Desire is like a snake's head and is bitter and desperate. There are more troubles here [MN.22]." There is more suffering here.
     "Like this, this is the fish hook, after the wise one knows it": "hook", or "crochet", or "temptation", or "sticky", or "obstacle", which is synonymous with the five desires. "Like this", the continuation of sentences; the connection of sentences; the completion of sentences; the combination of words; the connection of words; this is the order of sentences, which is "like this". "Aware of wisdom" are wise, wise, enlightened, wise, differentiated, and wise. "Like this, this is a fishing hook. The one who knows the wisdom knows it": "The one who knows the "hook" knows the "crochet", knows the "temptation", knows the "sticking", knows the "binding", knows After the "obstacles", he understands, weighs, judges, separates, and clarifies." Because this is a fishing hook, the wise person should walk alone like a rhino horn after he knows it.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
    "This is dyeing: the little happiness here, the less joyful taste, and the more suffering here,
       Like this, this is a fishing hook. After knowing it, the wise person should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    148. After breaking the knots, like a fish in the water breaking the net,
       Return to the burned object like a fire without turning back, and should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     "After breaking the knots": There are ten kinds of knots: desire knot, hate knot, slow knot, see knot, doubt knot, refrain from taking knot, have greed knot, jealous knot, miserly knot, and ignorant knot. "After breaking the knots": "After the ten kinds of guitars are broken, broken, broken, driven away, after finishing, and making them go to the end of no existence." is the after breaking the knots.
"Like a fish in the water after breaking a net": "The net is called a rope net, the water (Salilaṃ) is called water (udakaṃ), and the fish (Ambucārī) is called fish (maccho). Like a fish destroys, completely destroys, and breaks. After the net is completely broken and completely broken, it walks, lives, moves, turns, guards, survives, and survives. Similarly, there are two kinds of nets: thirst for nets and see nets... (omitted) this is thirst Love the net... This is the Yo-Jian-net. For the one who is enlightened, the thirst net has been cut off, and the saw net has been cut off. In the state where the thirst net has been cut off, the saw net has been cut off. In the state of mindfulness, that individual who is enlightened is not adhered to form, sound, or smell... (omitted)See, hear, perceive, and be aware of the dhammas that are not adhered to, captured, bound, not bound [, not unconscious], separated, left, liberated, already Leaving the bondage, he lives with the heart of being limited. "It is like a fish in the water after breaking the net.
"If the fire does not turn back to the burned object": "If the fire burns grass fuel, it walks until it does not turn back, and the same, for the single enlightened person, all the pollution that is cut off by the Sutahuan Taoism, those The pollution he no longer experiences, does not return, does not go back; being said... (slightly omitted) is not returned to the road... wherever the pollution is cut off by the Arahat, the pollution he no longer experiences, does not return, does not return." To return to the burned object like a fire, one should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
    "After breaking the knots, like a fish in the water breaking the net,
       Return to the burned object like a fire without turning back, and should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
    149. Those whose eyes are downward and those who do not wander, those who guard the roots, those who protect the mind,
       Those who have no leaks and are not burned all over should walk alone like rhino horns.
"The one with the eyes down and the one that does not wander": "How are the eyes confused? Here, the bhikkhu is an eye restless person, with an eye restless person: "What should be seen becomes invisible, and what should be crossed becomes seen "From the garden to the garden, from the garden to the garden, from the village to the village, from the town to the town, from the city to the city, from the country to the country, from the place to the place, he is to see the long parades and occasional parades in various forms. The practitioners, this is confusing.
Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor at home, a walker on the street, he walks unprotected: he looks at the elephant, the horse, the car, the infantry, the boy, the boy and girl as he walks. , Watching women, watching men, watching the market, watching the door of the house, watching the top, watching the bottom, and walking in all directions, this is also confusing.
Or, after the bhikkhu sees color with his eyes, he becomes a grasper of appearance and a grasper of subtle appearance, because when he stays at the root of his eyes, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in. He does not act according to his self-control. If you don’t protect the roots of the eyes, and do not achieve self-control [SN.35.120] on the roots of the eyes, this is also confusing your eyes.
Or if some Shamen and Brahmin masters received food offered by faith, they lived in performers who performed and watched like this, namely: dancing, singing, music, drama, speaking about ancient times, handbells, cymbals, drums, magic, and iron balls. , Bamboo stick play, stunts, elephant fighting, horse fighting, buffalo fighting, bull fighting, goat fighting, ram fighting, rooster fighting, quail fighting, club fighting, fist fighting, wrestling, exercises, army formation, army formation, military parade [DN .1, paragraph 13], etc., who are engaged in watching various performances like this, which is also confusing.
     How is the eye down? Here, the bhikkhu is not a person with unstable eyes, and one who does not possess eyes: "What should be seen becomes invisible, and what should be crossed becomes visible. "Not from gardens to gardens, from gardens to gardens, from villages to villages, from towns to towns, from cities to cities, from countries to countries, from places to places, he didn’t want to see long parades and occasional parades in various forms. Engaged in. This is the eye down.
Or, when the bhikkhu is a visitor to the home, a walker on the street, he walks protectively: he does not look at the elephant while walking, does not look at the horse, does not look at the car, does not look at the infantry, does not look at the boy, Do not look at boys and girls, do not look at women, do not look at men, do not look at the market, do not look at the door of the house, do not look at the top, do not look at the bottom, do not look at all directions, this also eyes downward.
Or, after the bhikkhu sees the color with his eyes, he does not become a grasper of the form or a grasper of the subtle form, because when he stays at the root of the eye, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in, and he will act according to his self-control , Protect the root of the eye and achieve self-control on the root of the eye, so that the eye is downward.
Or if some Shamen and Brahmin masters received the food offered by faith, they lived in the performers who performed and watched like this, that is: dancing, singing, music... (omitted) military parade, etc., are the avoidance of watching the performances like this In this way, the eyes are downward.
     "With the non-wandering", how is it wandering? Here, a certain type of bhikkhu is a wanderer, with wandering nature: from garden to garden, from garden to garden, from village to village, from town to town, from city to city, from country to country, from place to place, he lives Those engaged in long parades and irregular parades. This is wandering.
     or a wandering monk in the monk’s garden, possessWandering: for no benefit, no reason to lift the ground, quietly walking from the monk’s room to the monk’s room, from residence to residence, from half-roof house to half-roof house, from high-rise to high-rise , From the flat house to the flat house, from the cave to the cave, from the cave to the cave, from the hut to the hut, from the heavy pavilion to the heavy pavilion, from the observation deck to the observation deck, from the tent to the tent, from the hut Go to the shed, from the lecture hall to the lecture hall, from the round house to the round house, from the tree to the tree, or where the monks sit, and he walks there, where the opposite becomes the second, or the second The position becomes the third position, or the third position becomes the fourth position. There were a lot of miscellaneous talks there, namely: the theory of kings, the theory of thieves...
"With the one who does not wander", the one who has been separated from wandering, has abstained, has given up, has left, has left, has been freed, has separated from the bondage, and is happy to be alone with the limited heart of freedom The sitting person, the person who likes to sit alone, the practitioner of inner cessation, the person who does not despise the Zen, has the observer, and increases the vacant house, the meditator, the Zen-loving person, the singular practitioner, and the admirer of their own interests. "For those whose eyes are downward and those who don't wander.
"The one who protects the root, the one who protects the mind": "The one who protects the root", "The one who sees form with his eyes, does not become a grasper of appearance, a grasper of details, because he lives at the root of the eye When he is unprotected, greed, sorrow and evil will flow in. He acts according to his self-control, protects the eye roots, achieves self-control at the eye roots, and listens to sounds with his ears... (omitted) After smelling with his nose... After tasting the taste of the tongue... Touching the touch with the body... After knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, you will not become the grasper of the aspect, the grasper of the subtle aspect, because when the mind is not protected, you will be greedy and worried. Evil and unwholesome laws will flow in, and he will act according to his self-control, protect the root of mind, and achieve self-control on the root of mind." It is the guardian root. The "protective mind" is the guardian of the mind." It is the guardian root and the mind.
"Those who have no leaks and are not burned all over": ""This is said by the Venerable [SN.35.243]: "Academic friends! I will teach you how to leak and not to leak. You have to listen! You guys! Be careful! I'm going to say it." Venerable Muxunlian said:
"Academic friends! What is a leaker? Alumni! Here, after seeing the color with his eyes, the bhikkhu falls in love with the cute color, rejects the unlovable color, lives in the body without the establishment of the mind, and the one with little heart is not truthful. Liberation: the evil and unwholesome dhammas that have arisen have no end; after hearing the sound with ears... (omitted) after knowing the dhamma with consciousness, fall in love with the lovable dhamma, reject the unlovable dhamma, live in the body and have no thoughts It’s not true that it’s not true to know the mind, liberate from wisdom, and liberate from wisdom: those evil and unwholesome dhammas that have arisen have no extinguishment, fellow students! This is called the bhikkhu who is the leaker in the color that can be recognized by the eye... (omitted) The Dhamma of Conscious Knowing is the leaker. Students! When the Bhikkhu lives like this, if the demon approaches him from the eyes, the demon gets the opportunity and the demon gets the object; if the demon approaches him from the ear... (omitted) if the demon approaches him intentionally He, the devil gets the opportunity, the devil gets the object.
    Alumni! It is like a reed house or thatched house that has been dry for three or four years. If a man approaches it with a burning torch from the east, the fire will get the opportunity and the fire will get the object; if the man is from the west... (omitted) if from the north... if From the south... if from below... if from above... if a man approaches it with a burning torch no matter which direction it is from, the fire will get the opportunity and the fire will get the object. Similarly, fellow students! When the monk lives like this, if the demon approaches him from the eye, the demon gets the opportunity and the demon gets the object; if the demon is from the ear... (omitted) If the demon approaches him intentionally, the demon gets the opportunity and the demon gets the object.
    Alumni! When living like this, color conquers bhikkhus and non-bhikkhus conquer color; sound conquers bhikkhus and non-bhikkhus conquer sound; smell conquers bhikkhus and non-bhikkhus conquer smell; taste conquers bhikkhus and non-bhikkhus conquer taste; touches conquer monks but non-bhikkhus conquer tastes Touch; Dhamma conquer monks, non-bhikkhus conquer Dhamma, fellow students! This is called a monk who is conquered by color, conquered by sound, conquered by smell, conquered by taste, conquered by touch, conquered by law; conquered, not conquered; polluted, reborn, and distressed , Retribution, he will be killed by the evil law of life and death in the future. Friends! This is the leaker.
    Alumni! How is it not to leak? Friends! Here, after seeing form with his eyes, the bhikkhu does not fall in love with cuteness, does not reject uncuteness, lives in the body and mind has been established, immeasurable, truthfully knows the mind, liberates from wisdom, and liberates from wisdom: the evil and unwholesome dhammas that arise can never be destroyed. After hearing the sound... (omitted) after knowing the Dhamma with consciousness, not falling into the cute DhammaDo not reject the unlovable Dhamma, live in the body and mind has been established, immeasurable mind, truthfully know the heart, liberate from the mind, and liberate from wisdom: there is no end to the evil and unwholesome Dhamma that arises, fellow students! This is called a bhikkhu who does not leak out in terms of the colors that can be recognized by the eye... (omitted) is a person who does not leak out in terms of the Dhamma that can be known by consciousness. Friends! When the bhikkhu lives in this way, if the demon approaches him from the eyes, the demon neither gets the opportunity nor the object; if from the ear... (omitted) if the demon approaches him intentionally, the demon neither gets the chance, nor the demon. No object.
    Alumni! It is like a heavy pavilion or a lecture hall newly coated with thick clay. If a man approaches it with a burning torch from the east, the fire will neither have a chance nor an object; if it is from the west... (omitted) if from the north... ...If it is from the south...If it is from below...If it is from above...If a man approaches it with a burning torch no matter which direction it is from, the fire will neither get the chance nor the object. Similarly, fellow students! When the monk lives like this, if the demon approaches him from the eye, the demon will neither get the opportunity nor the object... (Omitted) If the demon approaches him deliberately, the demon will neither get the opportunity nor the object.
    Alumni! When living in this way, monks conquer color and non-color; monks conquer sound and non-sound conquer monks; monks conquer smells, and non-smells conquer monks; monks conquer tastes, and non-smells conquer monks; monks conquer touches and untouched Bhikkhus; Bhikkhu conquest law, illegally conquering monks, fellow students! This is called the Bhikkhu of conquering color, conquering sound, conquering smell, conquering taste, conquering touch, conquering the law; the conqueror, not the conquered; he conquers the polluted, regenerated, distressed, and bitter The evil and unwholesome law of life and death in the future. Friends! This is the one who does not leak. "" means no leakage.
     "Those who are not burned all over", those who are not burnt by the scorching heat of greed; those who are not burned by the scorching heat of anger; those who are not burned by the scorching heat of ignorance. Those who have no leakage and are not burned all over should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "The ones whose eyes are downward and those who don't wander, those who guard the roots, those who protect the mind,
       Those who have no leaks and are not burned all over should walk alone like rhino horns. "
    150. After taking the mark of the family member, like a day tree covered with leaves,
      [着] After a monk, you should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     "After taking the mark of the layman": hair, beard... (slightly) long and short white clothes (Thailand version), etc. are called the mark of the layman. "After taking the mark of the family member": "After the family member's mark is abandoned, after completely abandoning, after putting down, after stopping." After taking the mark of the family member.
"Like a daylight tree covered with leaves": "Like the daylight ebony tree with dense leaves and thick shade. Similarly, that single enlightened person is a perfect mantle-bearer." Daylight tree covered with leaves.
"[Work] After the monkhood in the robes": "The single-conscious person cut off all obstacles to the house, cut off the obstacles of his children and wife, cut off the obstacles of relatives, cut off the obstacles of friends, cut off storage After the obstacles, shaved hair and beard, wrapped in robes, went from being a monk at home to a non-domestic life, and began to walk alone, live, act, turn around, guard, survive, and survive after becoming a state of nothing. After becoming a monk for [writing] robes, you should walk alone like a rhino horn.
     Because of that, the single enlightened person said:
     "After taking the mark of the resident, like a day tree covered with leaves,
      [着] After a monk, you should walk alone like a rhino horn. "
     The third product [completed].


Summary:
  1. Go to meet → reach decision → get Tao → Zhisheng → not be guided by others.
  2. There is no greed, deceit, desire, no hiding of evil, and elimination of evil and idiots to leave all worldly wishes. (Hang Hengshou jealous and fraud)
  3. Avoid evil companions (being unprofitable, unrighteous, enthusiastic, liberated), and get close to people who hear a lot, those who hold the law, and friends who are excellent and eloquent.
  4. Entertainment, joy, desire and pleasure are fishing hooks, away from decoration: no expectations, truthful words, guarding the roots (eyes do not wander down), protecting the mind, no leakage, no being burned.
  5. The knots are broken like a broken net of fish, and the fire returns to the burned object without turning back.
  12/5/2020 11:02
