Fourth product

151. In terms of taste, it is not a greedy person, a person who is not greedy, a
     person who does not nurture others, a second-time beggar,

is not restrained in the center of a family, should walk alone like a rhino
horn.

"In terms of taste, one who is not greedy or greedy": """Taste (taste)", there
are root, branch, skin, leaf, flower, fruit, sour, sweet, bitter, Spicy, salty,
alkaline, sour, astringent, pleasant, unpleasant, cold, and hot. Some Salmon and
Brahman are taste greediers. They wander around for the best taste with their
tongues. They get After the sour taste, ask for no sour taste, ask for sourness
after getting no sour taste; ask for no sweetness after getting sweetness, ask
for sweetness after getting no sweetness; ask for no bitterness after getting
bitterness, and ask for bitterness after getting no bitterness ; After getting
the spicy taste, ask for no-spicy taste, get it without spicy taste, get the
spicy taste; get salty, get salty, get salt-free, get salty; get alkali taste,
get alkali-free taste, get alkali-free After the taste, look for the alkaline
taste; when you get the sour taste, look for the astringency, when you get the
astringency, look for the sour taste; when you get the pleasant taste, look for
the unpleasant taste, when you get the unpleasant taste, look for the pleasant
taste; When they get the heat, they ask for coolness. They always ask for
dissatisfaction after getting the heat. They are greedy, craving, tied,
fascinated, tainted, attached, fixed, in the desired taste. Being obstructed,
for the single enlightened person, the taste and thirst and love have been cut
off, and the roots have been cut off, just like a palm tree without roots, it
has become non-existent, something that does not live for the future, therefore,
that single The enlightened person eats food after inspection: "Neither for
pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for a good figure, not for dignity, but only
for the survival and survival of this body, to stop harm, and to support the
Brahma. In this way, I will repel the previous feelings, will not arouse new
feelings, be healthy, without fault, and live in peace.”

For example, if he applies oil to the sore, it is only for the purpose of
growing [meat], [also] or, if he applies oil to the axle, only for the purpose
of transporting goods [, or], if he eats the meat of his son Food is only for
the purpose of desertification. In the same way, the single-enlightened person
ate food after introspection: "Neither for pleasure, nor for intoxication, not
for a good figure, not for dignity, but for the survival and survival of this
body, for the cessation of harm, for Sponsor the Brahma. In this way, I will
repel the previous feelings, will not arouse new feelings, be healthy, without
fault, and live in peace." I have separated from the craving of taste, quit,
quit, quit, already Leaving, being freed, and bound, he lives with the heart of
being free and restricted. "For the one who is not greedy in taste.

"Those who are not greedy", greed is called craving, which is greed, greed
(complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, bad roots. That greed and thirst
have been cut off for the Enlightened One, and the roots have been cut off, just
like a palm tree without roots, becoming something non-existent, something
immortal for the future, therefore, the One Enlightened The enlightened are the
ones who are not greedy. "In terms of taste, they are not greedy or greedy.

"Those who don't raise other people, second-order beggars": "Those who don't
raise other people", "For that single enlightened person, only raise themselves,
not others." It means those who don't raise other people.

"Those who do not nurture others, those who already know, those who have been
transferred, those who have settled in the core,

Those who have exhausted their troubles and those who have eliminated their
faults, I say he is a Brahman. [Ud.6]"

"Those who do not nurture others, second-time beggars": "The single enlightened
person puts on his clothes in the early afternoon, takes the mantle, has guarded
his body, has guarded his words, has guarded his heart, and his mind has emerged
, With the protection of the roots, in order to enter a village or town with a
beggar, those who have their eyes down and behave adequately, go from home to
home without crossing to beg for alms." Those who do not raise other people,
second-order beggars.

"Do not be bound in the center of a family": the mind is bound in two ways: make
oneself humble, make others stand noble while the heart is bound, or make others
stand humble, make oneself stand noble and the heart is bound . How to make
yourself humble and make others stand up noble and flatter others? [Thinking:]
"You are very helpful to me. I rely on you to get clothes, food, shelter, the
needs of the sick, and medical necessities. Anyone who gives or wants to do it
thinks that I rely on you. Those who are regarded as you, all my previous names
from my parents have disappeared to me, because you are known to be those who
frequent [some]'s home like that; those who frequent [some]'s home like that."
This is to make oneself humble, and to make others stand noble and constrained.

How to make others humble, make oneself stand noble and be restrained?
[Thinking:] "I am to youThose who are more helpful, because of me, you return to
the Buddha, to the law, and to the Sangha, become those who are free from
killing, those who have not given, those who are free from evil, those who are
free from lying, those who are free from wine, fruit wine, and wine , I will
give you some instructions, ask many questions, explain the busa, and build the
temple. However, after you abandon me, respect, respect, respect, and respect
other people. "This is to put others in a humble position, and to make oneself
stand on nobility while the heart is bound.

"Do not be fettered in the center of one family": "The mind of the single
enlightened person is not fettered by the obstacles of the family; the heart is
not fettered by the obstacles of the group (people); the heart is not fettered
by the obstacles of the residence; the heart is not fettered by the obstacles of
the clothes The heart is not bound by the obstacles of group feeding; the heart
is not bound by the obstacles of residence; the heart is not bound by the
obstacles of the patient’s needs and medical necessities." In order not to be
bound in the center of a family, one should be alone like a rhino horn. Row.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"In terms of taste, it is not a greedy person, a non-greedy person, no nurturing
of others, a second-order beggar,

is not restrained in the center of a family, should walk alone like a rhino
horn. "

152. After giving up the five hijabs of breaking the mind, after expelling all
     the defilements,

After cutting off love and apathy, the unstoppable should walk alone like a
rhino horn.

"The Five Hidden Empresses of Dismissing the Mind": "The one who is only
enlightened, the desire to obliterate him, after giving up, after giving up,
after being driven away, after finishing, after making him go to non-existence,
maliciously cover... Sleeping cover...remove the regret cover... Doubt covers
him after giving up, after giving up, after being driven away, after finishing,
after making it go to non-existence, after leaving desire, leaving unwholesome
Dhamma, after entering into existence Seeking, there is waiting, the first
meditation of joy and happiness after separation." It is the five-guarded queen
who gives up the mind.

"After being expelled from all kilesas": Greed is the heart that follows the
kilesas; anger is the heart that follows the kilesas; ignorance is the heart
that follows the kilesas; anger... resentment... (slightly omitted) With
defilements. "After expelling all the kilesas": "After expelling all the
kilesas, after removing, after abandoning, after being expelled, after
finishing, and making them go to non-existence." After the expulsion.

"The non-dependant one cuts off love and aversion": "The non-dependant" has two
kinds of dependence: the dependence of craving and the dependence of seeing...
(slightly omitted) This is the dependence of craving... (Omitted) This is the
refusal to see. "Love", there are two kinds of love: the love of thirsting and
the love of seeing... (slightly omitted) this is the love of thirsting...
(slightly omitted) this is the love of seeing. "Affliction", that is the state
of anger, hostility [, disgust, hostility], anger, anger, anger, aversion,
anger, evil, aversion, anger, anger, anger, anger of the heart , Aggrieved,
angry, angry state, abusive, irritated, irritated state, hostility, hostility,
brutal anger, rage, displeased heart. "The unrestrained one cuts off the love
and the aftermath": "The thirsty love and the seeing love and the aversion to
the single enlightened one is cut off, cut off, after abandoning, after driving
away, after finishing, making it When it comes to non-existence, there are those
who do not adhere to the eyes; those who do not adhere to the ears... (omitted)
those who do not adhere to, those who do not adhere to, those who do not fall
in, those who do not adhere to, and those who do not hold the mind Toward
(victorious). He who has left, has left, has been liberated, has been separated
from bondage, he lives with the heart of freedom and restriction." After cutting
off love and aversion for the unstoppable, it should be like a rhino horn Go
alone.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"After giving up the five senses of the heart, after all the defilements are
expelled,

After cutting off love and apathy, the unstoppable should walk alone like a
rhino horn. "

153. After putting aside the joy and suffering, and the joy and worry before,

After getting the clean peace and samadhi, he should walk alone like a rhino
horn.

"After putting aside happiness and suffering, and the joy and sorrow before it":
"The only enlightened one who renounced pleasure and sorrow, and with the
extinction of the joy and sorrow before, enters and lives without suffering or
not. Happiness is the fourth jhana that starts from calm and chanting all over."
It is to put aside the joy and sorrow before happiness and suffering.

"After gaining pure peace and samatha": "calm", that is the peace, carelessness,
onlookers, the cessation of the mind, the equality of the mind, the peaceful
state of the mind, the neutral state of the mind in the fourth jhana. "Samadha"
means the mind's cessation, stability, stability, undistracted, stable mind,
samadha (stop), concentration, concentration, and concentration. The peace and
samadhi in the fourth jhana are pure, pure [, completely pure, all pure],
purified, non-filthy, free from defilements, plastic, suitable for work, and
standing. , Reach still. "After getting the pure peace, samadhi": "The peace in
the fourth jhana, After Samata is obtained, after obtaining [, after obtaining],
after possessing, after receiving. "In order to obtain pure peace, after
samadhi, he should walk alone like a rhino horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"After putting aside the joy and suffering, and the joy and worry before,

After getting the clean peace and samadhi, he should walk alone like a rhino
horn. "

154. Those whose vitality has been activated in order to obtain the highest
     interests, those who do not shrink from their hearts, those who do not
     slack in their behaviors,

Those who are firm, hardworking, fortitude and strong, should walk alone like a
rhino horn.

"Those whose vitality has been activated for the gain of the highest interest":
"The highest interest is called immortality, Nibbana, which is the cessation of
all actions, the cessation of all attachments, the extinction of craving, greed,
annihilation, Nibbana . In order to obtain, obtain, receive, reach, contact, and
testify for the highest interests, live in the abandonment of unwholesome
Dhamma, for the fullness of good Dhamma and vitality has been activated,
fortitude, firm efforts, and not neglect the good Dhamma Responsibility." Those
who have been motivated for the sake of obtaining the highest interests.

"Those who do not shrink in their minds and do not slacken their actions": "The
one who has only enlightened his desires, works hard, arouses vitality, devotes
himself, and works hard for the evil and unwholesome laws that have not arisen;
for the evil and unwholesome laws that have arisen Give up... (slightly omitted)
for the arising of the unborn good law...(slightly omitted) for the survival,
not disappearing, increase, expansion, and completion of the practice of the
good law that has arisen, desire, hard work, vitality, dedication, diligence
"This is the one who doesn't shrink from the heart, and the one who doesn't
slack in behavior.

Or, "I am willing to leave only skin, tendons, and bones; if the flesh and blood
of the body is dried up, as long as people's perseverance, human strength, human
vitality, and human efforts should be achieved but not achieved, there will be
no cessation of vitality. [SN.12.2] "He is dedicated and diligent, so he is also
a person who does not shrink from his heart and his behavior is not slack.

"I will neither eat nor drink, nor go out of my residence,

will not cause the thigh to fall (lying down), and the arrow of thirst [also]
cannot be removed. "[Thag.223]

He is dedicated and hardworking, so he is also a person who does not shrink from
his heart and his behavior is not slack.

"As long as my heart is not free from the troubles by not clinging, I will not
break this cross-legged! [MN.32]" He is dedicated and diligent, so he is also a
person who does not back down and does not slack off.

"As long as my mind is not free from the troubles with non-clinging, I will not
get up from this seat." He is dedicated and diligent, so he is also a person who
does not shrink from his heart and does not slack off his behavior.

"I will not go down from the scripture... (omitted) I will not go out from the
residence... I will not go out from the half-roofed house... I will not go out
from the tall building... I will not go out from the flat house... I Will not go
out of the cave...I will not go out of the cave...I will not go out of the hut
(solitary mansion)...I will not go out of the heavy pavilion...I will not go out
of the observation deck...I will not go out of the circle Go out of the
house...I will not go out of the shed...I will not go out of the lecture
hall...I will not go out of the tent...As long as my heart is not free from all
defilements without clinging, I will not go out of the tree Go out." He is
dedicated and diligent, so he is also a person who does not shrink from his
heart and his behavior is not slack.

"Just before this noon, I will obtain, fully obtain, attain, reach, and testify
to the Holy Dhamma." He is dedicated and diligent, so that he is also a person
who does not shrink from his heart and who does not slacken his behavior. "Just
at noon... (omitted) in the evening... (omitted) before eating... after
eating... the night before... the night... the night after... at the time of
death... at the time of the white moon... during the rainy season ...In the
winter...in the summer...in the youth...in the middle and middle-aged...in old
age I will acquire, fully acquire, attain, reach, and testify about the Holy
Dhamma." He is dedicated and diligent, so It is also a person who does not
shrink in heart and does not slack in behavior.

"Strong hard work, fortitude and strength": "The single enlightened one was a
strong holder of good dhamma, in good deeds in body, words, good intentions,
generosity and sharing, precepts and holdings, Proximity, deeds of filial piety
to his mother, deeds of filial piety to his father, respect to Shamen, respect
to Brahman, respect to the oldest person in the family, certain holders who live
up to the highest virtues [DN.30 ]." is a strong hardworking person. "Fortitude
and strength-sufficient person", the single enlightened person has, fully
possessed, reached, fully reached, possessed, fully possessed, possessed
fortitude, strength, vitality, hard work (brave), wisdom "For those who are
strong, hardworking, fortitude and strength, one should walk alone like a rhino
horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"Those whose vitality has been activated in order to obtain the highest
interests, those who do not shrink from their hearts, those who do not slacken
their behavior

坚Those who are hardworking, fortitude and strong, should walk alone like a
rhino horn. "

155. Those who sit alone, do not ignore Zen, and often follow the law in the
     law,

has explored patients on Zhuyou, and should walk alone like a rhino horn.

"Sit alone, do not ignore the Zen": "The single enlightened person is a person
who is willing to sit alone, a person who loves to sit alone, and a practitioner
of inner cessation, does not despise the Zen, has the viewer, and gains the
empty house [ MN.32, paragraph 334], meditators, Zen-lovers, singular
practitioners, and admirers of their own interests, are those who sit alone. "Do
not ignore the Zen", the one who is enlightened in two ways Don’t neglect Zen:
"For the sake of the first jhana that has not arisen to become the upper yoke,
the strong upper yoke, the fully upper yoke [, toward the upper yoke], the
completely toward the upper yoke, or for the second jhana... (Omitted) or for
the reason that the third jhana has not arisen... or for the emergence of the
fourth jhana to become the upper yoke, strong upper yoke, fully upper yoke [,
toward the upper yoke], completely toward the upper yoke. "This way he doesn't
ignore Zen.

Or, the first jhana has been born, other practice, practice, and more practice,
or the second jhana has arisen... (abbreviated) or the third jhana has
arisen...or the fourth jhana has been born Don't ignore Zen. "Sit alone and
don't ignore Zen."

"A person who always follows the Dhamma in the Dhamma": Four mindfulness...
(omitted) The eight holy paths are called Dhamma. What is randomness? Correct
path [, follow the path], the path that is not upside down, the path of the
meaning, the path of the law, the completeness of the precepts, the guardian of
the roots, the right amount of dietary knowledge, the sobriety, the mind and the
right knowledge , These are called follow the law. "Follow the law in the
Dhamma": "In the Dhamma always; eternal time; always constant; continuous;
uninterrupted; successively; water waves arise without intervals; they are
continuously accompanied by making them reach; Before noon, noon, first night,
midnight, and late night; settle in the dark moon, bright moon, rainy season,
winter, summer; in youth, middle age, old age, he walks, lives, acts, turns,
guards, and uses To survive, to survive." It is a person who always follows the
law in the law.

"I have explored the patient in all beings": ""All actions are impermanent", I
have explored patients in all beings; "All actions are suffering"... (Omitted)
"All Dhamma is selfless"... (Omitted ) "Any collection of Dhamma is an
extinction of Dhamma". I have probed patients on all beings." In order to detect
patients on all beings, you should walk alone like a rhino horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"A person who sits alone, does not ignore Zen, and always follows the Dhamma,

has explored patients on Zhuyou, and should walk alone like a rhino horn. "

156. Those who wish for the exterminator of love, those who do not let go, those
     who are wise, those who hear more, those who have thoughts,

The perceiver, decider, and diligent of the Dhamma should walk alone like a
rhino horn.

"Hope for the extinction of the thirst for love, the one who does not let go":
"The thirst of "thirst for love" is the lust of... The end of the death, the end
of ignorance, the end of interest, the end of rebirth, the end of rebirth, the
end of some, the end of reincarnation, the end of cycle , Eager, and supplicant.
"For the one who longs for the extinction of love. "The one who does not let
go", the one who is alone is a respectful author, a regular author... (omitted)
in good law [not neglecting responsibility The one and the one who doesn’t let
go.” It is the one who wants to die and the one who doesn’t let go.

"The wise, the hearer, the thoughtful": "The wise one (not the deaf and dumb)",
the one who is enlightened alone is the wise, the wise, the enlightened, the
wise, the distinguished, and the wise "The one who hears more", the one who is
only aware is the one who hears more, remembers what has been heard, accumulates
what has been heard, all those who have goodness in the beginning, goodness in
the middle, and goodness in the end; correct meaning and correct words ,
Proclaiming that there is only a complete and pure Brahman Dhamma. Such Dhamma
has been heard, remembered, recited, observed with the heart, and penetrated by
seeing the good. "Those who have thoughts" are the one who is only enlightened.
Those who have thoughts have the highest level of thought and intelligence. They
are the memorizers and recallers who did it a long time ago and said it a long
time ago." They are smart, hearers, and thoughtful.

"The Dhamma-seeker, the decider, and the diligent": "The Dhamma-understander is
called wisdom, which is wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) No delusion,
Dhamma-choosing, and right view. The one who is only enlightened is the
perceiver of the law, the knower of the law, the measurer of the law, the judge
of the law, the clearer of the law, the clearer of the law: "all actions are
impermanent". The enlightened... (abbreviated) "Any collection of Dhamma is an
extinction of Dhamma", the enlightened person, the knower of the law, the
measurer of the law, the judge of the law, the clearer of the law, the
clarification of the lawThe person. Or, for the single enlightened one, it is
the {convergencer} [the enlightened person, Ni.18-the same below], the realm
enlightened person, the place enlightened person, the interesting enlightened
person, The enlightened person of the rebirth, the enlightened person of the
rebirth, some enlightened persons, the enlightened person of reincarnation, the
enlightened person of reincarnation. Or, the one who is enlightened is the one
who lives in the ultimate (boundary), the one who lives in the world, the one
who lives in the ultimate, the one who lives in the ultimate place of interest,
the one who lives in the final life. The one who stands, the one who stands at
the end of the incarnation, the one who stands at the end, the one who stands at
the end of reincarnation, the one who stands at the end of the cycle, the one
who stands at the end, the one who stands at the end. Those who gather (body) at
the end, those who hold the last self-enlightenment.

『This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),

The cycle of life and death, without his rebirth. 』

For this reason, the enlightened person is the perceiver of the Dhamma. The
"decider", the Four Holy Paths is called the decision, and the "one with the
Four Holy Paths" is the decider. He has reached, fully reached, reached,
reached, reached, and has given testimony to decide. The decision has been
reached. "Diligence", diligence is called vitality, which is the stimulation of
the vitality of the heart, diligence, hard work, courage, diligence, effort,
diligence, fortitude, firmness, a state of courage without relaxation, a state
of desire not to give up, and no The state of neglecting responsibility, the
support of responsibility, vitality, vitality root, vitality power, right
diligence. The enlightened person arrives (has), fully arrived (has), entered,
fully entered, possessed, fully possessed, possesses this diligence. Therefore,
the single enlightened person is a diligent person. The perceiver, decision
maker, and diligent person who is Dhamma should walk alone like a rhino horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"The one who desires the extinction of love, the one who does not let go, the
wise, the hearer, the thoughtful,

The perceiver, decider, and diligent of the Dhamma should walk alone like a
rhino horn. "

157. If the lion is not afraid of the sound, if the wind is not stuck to the
     net,

Like a red lotus, one who is not contaminated with water, should walk alone like
a rhino horn.

"Like a lion is one who is not afraid of sound": "Like a lion, the Beast King is
one who is not afraid of sound, who is not afraid of sound, who is not afraid,
who is not frightened, who is not suspicious of fear, who is not afraid, who is
not timid, who is not frightened , The one who does not frighten, the one who
does not run away, the one who is not afraid of the sound, the one who is not
afraid of the sound, the one who does not fear, the one who does not frighten,
the one who does not fear, the one who does not fear, the one who does not fear,
the one who does not frighten , Those who don’t frighten, those who don’t run
away, live where they have given up their terror and fear, and have left their
bodies erected.” Because a lion is not afraid of sounds.

"If the wind is not adhered to the net": ""Wind", east wind, west wind, north
wind, south wind, dusty wind, dust-free wind, cold wind, hot wind , Small wind,
extreme wind, swift wind, cross wind, golden-winged bird wind, dolo leaf wind,
fan wind, nets are called rope nets. If the wind is not caught by the net, it is
not stuck or caught. To take, not to be bound, and not to be bound by the whole
world, there are two kinds of nets in the same way: thirsting nets and seeing
nets... (slightly omitted) this is thirsting nets... this is yujian nets. To the
single enlightened one Say that the thirst for the net has been cut off, the
seeing net has been cut off, in the state where the thirst net has been cut off,
the seeing net has been cut off, the single enlightened person is not stuck in
physicality, Not adhered to the sound... (omitted) Not adhered to, captured,
tied, or tied to the world in the dhammas that are seen, heard, sensed, and can
be known. He has left, has been freed, has been separated from the bondage, he
lives with the heart of being free from being restricted." As the wind is the
one who is not stuck to the net.

"If the red lotus is not contaminated with water": "Red lotus is called red
lotus, and water (Toyaṃ) is called water (udakaṃ). If the red lotus is not
contaminated with water, is not strongly contaminated, or is not closely
contaminated, it is no longer Contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no
longer contaminated closely, the same, there are two kinds of adhesion:
[Because] the adhesion of thirsting and [cause] the adhesion of seeing...
(omitted) This is the adhesion of thirsting... …(Omitted) This is the adhesion
of seeing. For the one who is only enlightened, the adhesion of desire has been
cut off, the adhesion of seeing has been cut off, and the adhesion of desire has
been cut off The state of being attached to seeing, the state of being cut off,
the one who is only enlightened is not attached to the form, not attached to the
sound... (omitted) in seeing, hearing, feeling, and being aware of The dhammas
are not contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated, no
longer contaminated, no longer strongly contaminated, no longer contaminated
closely. Has been separated, has left, has been liberated, has been separated
from the bondage, he is limited by separation Stay in the heart." To be like a
red lotus who is not contaminated with water, you should walk alone like a rhino
horn.

Because of that, that single enlightened personSay:

"Like a lion, one who is not afraid of sound, such as wind is one who is not
stuck to the net

Like a red lotus, one who is not contaminated with water, should walk alone like
a rhino horn. "

158. For example, the lion and beast king is a person with strong teeth, a
     walker after oppression and victory,

should use the side residence, and should walk alone like a rhino horn.

"For example, the lion and beast king is a person with powerful teeth, a walker
who oppresses and defeats": "If the lion and a beast king is a person with
powerful teeth and a weapon with teeth, it wins, defeats, overwhelms, and ends
in all the animals that fall into the animal category. , After crushing,
walking, dwelling, acting, turning, guarding, making existence, making
existence. That single enlightened person is also a powerful person with wisdom,
and one who uses wisdom as a weapon. He beats with wisdom among all the living
Victory is defeated, overwhelmed, terminated, crushed and walked, stayed, acted,
turned, guarded, survived, and survived." For example, the lion beast king is a
person with strong teeth and a walker after oppression and victory.

"Should use border dwellings": "If the lion and beast king enters the forest,
the wild forest, walks, lives, moves, turns, guards, sustains, and makes
survival, the lonely enlightened person will also use the forest, the wild
forest, and the border dwelling ( Reclining place): low voice, quiet, away from
the atmosphere, living alone, suitable for sitting alone; he [walks alone,]
walks alone, stands alone, sits alone, lies alone, enters alone for alms The
village [, advance alone], returns alone, sits alone in a quiet place, performs
alone, walks, lives, moves, turns, guards, survives, and survives alone.” For
the border dwelling should be used, it should be like a rhino Walk alone like a
horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"Like the lion and the beast king is a person with strong teeth, a walker after
oppression and victory,

should use the side residence, and should walk alone like a rhino horn. "

159. Do it at the right time, be kind, compassionate, joyful, calm and free,

Those who are not opposed by all the world should walk alone like a rhino horn.

"Do it at the right time, be kind, compassionate, joyful, calm and liberate":
"The one who is enlightened alone fills one side with the heart of walking with
compassion and lives, like this second party, like this third party, like this
The fourth party, like this up and down, horizontally, everywhere, treats
everything as to oneself, with a heart of compassion, with a heart of vastness,
excellence, immeasurable, no resentment, and no malice, and live in the whole
world. The heart of sadness...(slightly) the heart of walking with
joy...(slightly) the heart of walking with peace...the heart that is vast,
outstanding, immeasurable, free of resentment, and malicious And stay.” To do it
in time, be kind, compassionate, joyful, calm and liberating.

"Not opposed by all worldly opponents": In the state of being practised in
compassion, all beings in the East are not against them. All beings in the
West... (Omitted) All beings in the North... All beings in the South ...All
beings in the middle of the east...all beings in the middle of the west...all
beings in the middle of the north...all beings in the middle of the south...all
beings below...all beings above ...All beings in all directions do not disobey;
in a state of sadness that has been practiced...in a state of joy that has been
practiced...in a state of calmness that has been practiced, all beings in the
east do not disobey... (Omitted) The sentient beings in all directions do not
disobey. "Not to be opposed by all worldly opponents": "Not to be denied by all
worldly opponents, hostiles, angry people, and counterattacks." To not be
opposed by all worldly opponents, one should walk alone like a rhino horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"Do it at the right time, be kind, compassionate, joyful, calm and liberating,

Those who are not opposed by all the world should walk alone like a rhino horn.
"

160. After breaking the greed, anger and ignorance, after breaking the knots,

Those who are not afraid at the end of their lives should walk alone like a
rhino horn.

"After quitting greed, greed, and ignorance": "Greed", that is greed, greed
(complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, unwholesome roots. "Angry", that
is the anger and hostility of the heart... (abbreviated) brutal anger, rage, and
unhappy heart. "Infatuation", the ignorance of suffering... (slightly omitted)
the fence of ignorance, the root of ignorance. "After renunciation of greed,
anger, ignorance and ignorance": "The only enlightened person who is greedy,
anger, ignorance and ignorance after cessation, after abandoning, after being
driven away, after finishing, and making him go beyond existence."

"After breaking the knots": There are ten kinds of knots: desire knots, hate
knots... (omitted) ignorant knots. "After breaking the knots": "After the ten
kinds of knots are broken, broken, completely broken, after being broken, after
being driven away, after finishing, and making them go to no longer exist."
After the end.

"Those who are not afraid when their lives die": "The one who is alone isAt the
end of life are those who are not afraid [, those who are not afraid], those who
do not fear, those who do not frighten, those who do not doubt fear, those who
do not fear, those who are not timid, those who do not frighten, those who do
not frighten, those who do not run away, live in She is afraid of fear, and has
left her body erect. In order not to be afraid at the end of life, one should
walk alone like a rhino horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"After breaking the greed, hatred and ignorance, after breaking the knots,

Those who are not afraid at the end of their lives should walk alone like a
rhino horn. "

161. They get close and serve for reasons of interest. Friends for no reason are
     hard to get today.

The impure people have the wisdom of their own interests and should walk alone
like a rhino horn.

"They get close to and serve for reasons of interest": "For the reasons of their
own interests, for the interests of others, for the interests of both, for the
reasons of current interests, for the interests of the past, for the reasons of
the highest interests, They are close, dedicated (totally close), serve,
associate (to serve down), communicate (totally serve), and follow (toward
serving)." For them to get close and serve for reasons of benefit.

"Friends for no reason are hard to get today": "Friends", there are two kinds of
friends: friends at home and friends (Cambodia version)... (Omitted) This is a
friend at home... (Omitted) This is Friends who are monks. "Friends without a
reason are hard to get today": "These two kinds of friends without a reason, no
reason, no reason, and no reason are hard to get." Friends for no reason are
hard to get today.

"The impure people have the wisdom of their own interests": "The wisdom of their
own interests", "For their own interests, their own causes, their own reasons,
their own reasons, they get close, give (totally get close), serve, and
associate ( Serving downwards), communication (to serve completely), following
(toward serving), deeds, good deeds, respect, inquiries and questions all the
time." Wisdom for their own benefit. "The impure person", "have impure body
kamma "Is impure person; "having impure body kamma" is impure person; "having
impure mental kamma" is impure person; impure killing... (omitted) impure one is
not given And take... impure licentiousness... impure deceit... With impure
divorce... With impure vulgar language... With impure greed... With impure
greed... "Pure malice" is impure person; "having impure wrong view" is impure
person; "having impure thought (intention)" is impure person; "having impure
hope" is impure People; "having impure desires" are impure people; "having
impure wrong views" as impure people; impure is inferior, despicable, inferior,
low, inferior intent, and insignificant的." People who are impure have the
wisdom of their own interests.

"Should walk alone like a rhino horn": ""Only", the single enlightened person
named as a monk alone... (Omitted) "Should do", there are eight kinds of
activities... (Omitted) "Like a rhino Horn-like", like the horn of a rhinoceros
is truly unique... (omitted)." It means that you should walk alone like a rhino
horn.

Because of that, the single enlightened person said:

"They get close and serve for reasons of interest. Friends without reason are
hard to get today.

The impure people have the wisdom of their own interests and should walk alone
like a rhino horn. "

Fourth product [Completed].

The description of the rhino horn sutra has been completed.

"Ajita, Dishe Maitreya, Fulou Nage and Maitreya,

as well as Dudag, Ubosi, Nanda and Black Margaret.

Dudiya and Ge Bo, and the virtuous Ruo Du Gengni,

as well as Bodo Uda, Udha, and Psala Brahmin.

The smart Moe Yi, with the great immortal Binqia,

To these sixteen, it is like the teaching of Brahman.

The explanation of the other shore road, there are only so many,

'S explanation of the rhinoceros horn sutra is the same,

The two kinds of explanations should be known, and the difference has been
completed. "

Xiaoyi interpretation classic has been completed.





Summary:

1. Begging for food for the second time, and the heart is not bound by the
   generosity family: Cultivating the four meditations to cut off love and
   aversion, and to explore the faults of all.

2. Not afraid: To the voice and at the end of life (breaking the knots of greed,
   hatred and delusion).

3. Xiu Si Blessed Heart: Not opposed by all the world.

4.37 Taoism is called Dhamma, guarding the roots, eating and drinking in an
appropriate amount, specializing in sobriety, mindfulness and right knowledge
are called following Dhamma.

12/10/2020 11:17


