Fourth product

151. in taste is not a greedy, no greedy, those who do not raise others, the
     second beggers,

In a home center is not bound, it should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

"In taste is not a greedy, not greedy": """Taste (taste)", with root flavor,
dried branches, skin taste, leaf flavor, floral, fruit taste, sour, sweetness,
bitter, spicy, salty, alkali, Sour, astringent, pleasant taste, unpleasant
taste, cool, hot, some Salmon, Brahmen are the taste of the seducer, they have
the tongue for the top taste and roam, they get sour after seeking no sour
taste, get No sourness after seeking sour; get sweetness after no sweetness, get
no sweetness after seeking sweetness; get bitterness after no bitterness, get no
bitterness after the bitterness; get no spicy taste, get no After spicy taste
spicy taste; get salty after no salty, get no salty after seeking salty; get
alkali after getting alkali taste, get no alkali taste after getting alkali
taste; get sour after stringency, get astringent afterward Seeking for sour
taste; after obtaining pleasant taste, unpleasant taste, after obtaining
unpleasant taste, after receiving the cold, and the heat of the heat-after all,
they seek again and again after every time they are not satisfied after they
get. Greedy, greedy, tied, obsessed, dyed, attached, entrenched, obstructed,
obstructed, for the unconscious, this taste thirst has been cut off, the root
has been cut off, like the root-free Palm trees, become unborn for the future,
therefore, the eloquent sense of consciousness after eating food: "Neither for
pleasure, nor for intoxication, not for good body, not for solemn, only for this
The survival, survival of the body, in order to stop the injury, in order to
fund Van Hong. In this way, I will repel my previous feelings, not stirring new
feelings, health, no fault, peace of life."

If he is oiled to sores only for the purpose of long [meat], [and] or, if he is
oiled on the axle, only for the purpose of transportation of goods [, or] if he
eats his son's meat food only for the desert The degree off purpose. In the same
vein, the unconscionable person, after inspecting, eats food: "Neither for
pleasure nor for intoxication, not for good body, not for solemnity, only for
the survival and survival of this body, in order to stop harm, In order to fund
Van hh. In this way, I will repel my previous feelings, not stirring new
feelings, health, no fault, peace of life." He has been separated from the
thirst of taste, forbent, quanned, departed, departed, freed, and bound, and he
dwells with a restrained heart." For the taste is not a greedy.

"Ungreedy", greed is called thirsty love, that is greed, lust (total greed)...
(medium) greed, greed, bad root. The greedy and thirsty love, which has been cut
off to the unrighteous person, the root has been cut off, like a palm tree
without roots, becomes a non-living thing for the future, so the unrighteous
person is not greedy." For the taste is not to be a greedy, not greedy.

"Those who do not raise other people, the second beggers": "those who do not
raise others," "to the unrighteous person will only raise himself, not the
others." For those who do not raise others.

"For those who raise no other, they know, and those who have arisen in the
heart, those who have dominate in the core,

I say he is Brahman, the one who has been ruled out of trouble. [Ud.6]"

"Those who do not raise others, the second beggers": "The unconscious man,
dressed in the morning, takes his mantle, guarded, guarded by his heart, in
order to read now, and the roots have been protected, In order to enter the
village or town, the eyes down, and the behavior of those with sufficient
behavior, from home to home do not go beyond the ground for the pouches. For
those who do not raise others, the second beggers.

"Not bound in a home center": the heart is bound in two ways: to make yourself
inferior, make others stand noble and heart bound, or make others lower, and
make yourself noble and heart bound. How is it to make yourself inferior, and
make others stand on the noble flattering man? [Thoughts:] "You are more
beneficial to me, and I rely on you to receive clothing, food, shelter, patient
needs, medical necessities, other givers or those who want to do what they think
I rely on you, All the names that I have come from my parents before you have
disappeared to me, and I have been known to you as always come to [a] house, and
the one who is always to [a certain] house." This is to make yourself inferior,
and others stand noble and bound in their hearts.

How is it to make others inferiority, and make oneself in the noble and bound
heart? [thought:] "I am to youFor the multiplier, because of Me, you turn to
Buddha, to the law, to the monk, become descendent, from the ungiven, away from
the evil, the delusional, the delusional, from the cereal wine, fruit wine,
wine, wine and wine, I give to you Says, give questions, explain Busa, carry out
the construction of the monastery. But after you forsaken me, respect, respect,
respect and respect others." This is to make others inferiority, and make
yourself stand in the noble and bound heart.

"Not bound in a home center": "The unconscious person's heart is not bound by
the obstacles of the home; the heart is not bound by the obstacles of the group;
the heart is not bound by the obstacles of shelter; the heart is not bound by
the obstacles of clothing; the heart Not bound by a group food barrier; the
heart is not bound by the barriers of shelter; the heart is not bound by the
patient's needs and medical necessities." In order not to be bound in a home
center, it should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"In taste is not a greedy, nor greedy, nor to raise the others, the second
beggers,

Not tied in a home center, you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn."

152. after disconnection of the five covers of the mind, after all evictions
     with the contamination,

After cutting off love and sabotage, no stop should be like a rhinoceros horn
alone.

"After the five cover off his mind": "The unconsciousness of the person who
wants to cover his cut off, after abandoning, after deportation, after the end,
so that it goes to the absence of malicious cover... sleep cover... ... doubts
cover after his break, abandoned, after deportation, after the end, so that it
went to absent, from desire, from bad law, after entering into the search,
servo, leaving the first Zen of joy, joy." After the five covers to break off
your mind.

"Expulsion in all with the stain": greed is the heart with the heterodye; is the
heart with the heterodye; the heart is with the heterodye; anger...
resentment... (medium) all bad making is the heart with the heterodye. "After
all shall be evicted with the contamination": "After all deportation with the
contamination, after removal, after disconnection, after expulsion, after
expulsions, after termination, so that they do not exist." For after the
expulsion of everything with the contamination.

"After the unending man cut off love and": "no stop", there are two kinds of
stops: thirst on the stop of love and see... (medium) This is the stop of
thirsty love... (medium) This is the stop of see. "Love", there are two kinds of
love: thirsty love and see love... (medium) This is thirsty love... (medium)
This is the love of seeing. "Anger", which is the anger of the heart, hostility
[, as evil, hostility], anger, anger, anger, anger, anger, evil, heart harm,
anger, anger, anger, state of anger, anger, anger, angry state, State of anger,
harm, anger, anger, hostility, hostility, brutal anger, anger, heart
displeasure. "After the unstoppable cut off love and": "The love of thirsty love
and the love of love and the love of the unrighteous person is cut off, cut off,
after abandonment, after deportation, after the end, make it to non-existent is
the eye The unstoppable; those who do not stop the ear... (middle) who can be
seen in the sense of the law, the non-stick, the unstuck, the unclinging, the
person who does not turn his heart toward (victory). He has departed, departed,
liberated, and has been bound, and he dwelt away from the restrained heart.
After cutting off love and sabotage for the unstoppable, you should be alone
like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"After discarding off the five covers of your mind, after expelling everything
with the contamination,

The unending person should be alone as a rhinoceros horn after cutting off love and
sabotage.

153. set aside the joy and suffering, and before the joy and worries,

After getting a clean calm, luxurious mota, should be like a rhinoceros horn
alone.

"After the rest of joy and suffering, and before the joy and worries before":
"The one who unleashed with joy and bitterness, and the extinction of joy and
worries before, after entering, lived in no bitterness, and read through the
peace and the net Fourth Zen. For the joy and suffering of rest, and before the
joy and worries.

"Get a clean calm, after the luxury of Morta": "Calm", which is the calm,
uncaring, bystandstill, the end of the heart, the equality of the heart, the
state of peace of the heart, the neutral state of the heart. "Luxury motto",
that is the heart of stay, stability, stability, not scattered, smooth mind,
luxury motto (stop), fixed root, steady force, positive. The calm and luxury of
the fourth Zen are pure, clean [, completely pure, clean], purified, unfilthy,
from the heterodye, plastic, suitable for work, dwelling, and arriving
immovable. "Get a clean calm, after the luxury of mota": "calm in the fourth
Zen„ÄÅAfter the luxury Mota get, after obtaining [, after obtaining], after
possession, after receiving. To get a clean calm, luxurious mota, should be like
a rhinoceros horn alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"After the rest of joy and suffering, and before the joy and worries,

After getting a clean calm and luxurious mota, it should be like a rhinoceros
horn alone.

154. Vitality has been initiated in order to obtain the best interests, those
     who do not retreat, act unsabotingly,

Hard-working, fortitude and strength should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

"In order to obtain the best interests and vitality has been launched": "The
supreme interest is called immortality, Nibbana, that is all done, all according
to the conviction, the extinction of thirsty love, away from greed,
extinguished, Nibbana. In order to obtain, obtain, receive, receive, arrive,
contact, testify and live for the dissociation of the bad law, for the adequacy
of good law and vitality has been launched, fortitude, firm efforts, not
negligible on good law The responsibility." Vitality has been launched in order
to obtain the best interests.

"The heart does not shrink, do not slackle": "the unrighteous person in order to
not born the evil bad law born desire, effort, vitality, dedication, diligence;
in order to have been born of evil evil law to give off... ... (middle) for the
life of the unborn good law... (middle) for the survival, not to disappear,
increase, expand, practise, complete and desire, effort, vitality, dedication,
diligence." This is the one who does not retreat, and does not slackle.

Or, "Happy to leave only skin, tendons, bones; to the body's flesh and flesh
dry, as long as human perseverance, human strength, human vitality, human
efforts should be achieved and not reached, there will be no energy stop .
[SN.12.2]" He is dedicated and diligent, so that he is also a person who does
not retreat, act unslacky.

"I will not eat or drink, do not go out of my place,

Nor will the threat fall (lying down), and the arrows of thirst love will not be
removed." [Thag.223]

He is devoting, diligent, this is also a person who does not retreat, does not
slackle.

"I will not break this leg as long as my heart is not relieved from the troubles
of not being carried out! [MN.32]" He is dedicated and diligent, so that he is
also a person who does not retreat and act unslacky.

"As long as my heart is not relieved from the troubles of undeeming, I will not
rise from this seat." He is devoting, diligent, this is also a person who does
not retreat, does not slackle.

"I will not come down from the scriptures... I will not go out of the
dwellings... I will not go out of the half-roofed house... I will not go out of
the flat house... I will not go out of the cave... I will not go out of the
cave... I will not go out of the hut... I will not go out of the lodge... I will
not go out of the lookout... I will not go out of the circular house... I will
not go out of the hut... I will not go out of the tent... I will not go out of
the tent... I will not go out of the tree as long as my heart is not relieved
from the troubles of undoing." He is devoting, diligent, this is also a person
who does not retreat, does not slackle.

"Just before this afternoon I will acquire, fully acquire, testify, reach and
testify of the Holy Law." He is devoting, diligent, this is also a person who
does not retreat, does not slackle. "It is at noon... (middle) in the evening...
(medium)... before eating... after eating... the eve... midnight... after
night... at the time of death... during the white moon... in the rainy season...
in winter... In summer... in adolescence... in middle age... I will acquire,
fully acquire, testify, reach, testify, testify, testify." He is devoting,
diligent, this is also a person who does not retreat, does not slackle.

"Those who work hard, fortitude and strength": """"The unrighteous person was a
strong holder of good law, in good deeds, good deeds, good deeds, bousings and
sharing, abidance, boussa, right The filial deeds of the mother, the filial
deeds of the father, respect to Salmon, respect to Brahmen, respect to the
eldest of the family, and some of the recipients of the good law [DN.30]." For
hard-working people. "Fortitude and strength enough", the unconscious person
has, fully has, arrives, fully reached, full, fully sufficient, with fortitude,
strength, vitality, effort (brave), Hui." For those who work hard, fortitude and
strength, should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"In order to obtain the best interests of vitality has been initiated, those who
do not retract their hearts, do not slacken,

KinHard-working, fortitude and strength should be alone like a rhinoceros horn."

155. those who sit alone, do not ignore Zen, often follow the law in law,

Patients who have been explored on all, should be like rhinoceros horns on their own.

"Sit alone, do not ignore the Zen": "The unconscious person is happy to sit
alone, loving alone, the inner end of the practice, does not disregard the Zen,
with viewers, gain empty house [MN.32, p. 334], meditators, zen-loving people,
practicers of singeness, revered for their own interests, are solitters. "Do not
ignore the Zen", the unrighteous person does not ignore Zen in two ways: 'For
the birth of Zen at the beginning of life become a yoke, strong yoke, completely
yoke [, toward the upper yoke], or For the birth of the second Zen... (middle)
or for the birth of the third Zen... or for the birth of the fourth Zen becomes
a yoke, strong yoke, fully yoke [, toward the upper yoke], completely facing Up
yoke. So that he does not ignore Zen.

Or, he has given birth to practice, practice, practice, practice, or has given
birth to a second Zen... or has given birth to a third Zen... or has given birth
to a fourth Zen to practice, practice, practice, and practice, so that he does
not ignore Zen ." For those who sit alone, do not ignore Zen.

"In law often follow the law": four remembrance... (in the middle) eight sacred
paths are called law. What is Fact? The correct track [, follow the road], the
reverse signs, such as its meaning, the law of the road, the ring completely,
guarding the root door, the right amount of diet, specializing in sober, read
and mindfulness, these are called Law. "In law often follow the law": "In the
law often; for a lasting time; constant; continuous; uninterrupted; successive;
the birth of water waves without intermittent; continuous accompanies it to
reach; in the morning, Afternoon, first night, midnight, after night; in the
black moon, moon, rainy season, winter, summer; in youth, middle age, old age,
he lived, moved, turned, guarded, survived, made to survive." For the law is
often followed by law.

"The patient has been prospected on all things": "'All doings are
imprescription' in which the patient has been prospected; "All works are
bitter"... "It's all extinguished" on all the probing patients." To probe
patients on their own, they should be like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"The sitting alone, and those who do not ignore Zen, often follow the law in the
law,

Patients who have been explored on all, should be like rhinoceros horns on their
own."

156. the exterminator who desires thirst for love, and those who do not relax,
     the wise, the many news, and the

The coderer, decider and diligent of the law should be alone like the horn of
rhino.

"The exterminator who desires love, does not relax": "thirsty love" as the color
of "thirsty love"... The thirst love of the law. "The extinction of thirst
love", "the extinction of greed, the extinction of the wicked, the extinction of
fun, the extinction of the past, the extinction of life, some extinction, the
extinction of reincarnation, the extinction of rotation, Receiver, enthusiasm,
prayer. For the exterminator who desires for love. "The unrelaxed", the
unrighteous author is a respectful author and often author... [not negligent
those responsible and] not relaxed in good law." For the exterminator who
desires love, and those who do not relax.

"The wise, the many news, the reading": "The wise (non-deaf and mute)", the
unconscious is the wise, the wise, the wise, the wise, the different, the wise.
"The multihearsal," the one who has heard, the memory holder of the hearing, the
accumulator who heard, those who are good at the beginning, the middle is good,
the end is good; the meaning is right, the word is correct, and the word is
correct, and the only thing is complete. The law of the purification of the
kanshakh, like this, is known by him, remembered, reciting, and observing with
his heart, through good faith. "There is a remembrance," the unconscious person
is a remembrance, with the highest reading and smart, a long time ago, a memory
and recollector of what he said a long time ago. For the wise, the multihearsal,
the miss.

"Law of the cognitive, decider, diligent": "Law's cognition is called wisdom,
that is Hui, understanding... (medium) insane, choice of law, positive view.
"The Aware of the Law", the one who knows the law, the ignorant of the law, the
gauge of the law, the judge of the law, the clear of the law, the clear of the
law, the corer of the law: "All doings are imperceptible." (C) The Aware of the
Law of Extermination, the Knower of the Law, the measure of the law, the judge
of the law, the clear of the law, the lawUnderstand. Or, for the monodothomer,
the [Astringent] [the enlightener, Ni.18 - hereinafter], the perceptor of the
world, the cognitive of the intrigues, the perceptions of the past, the born For
those who are aware, the ones of revolving, the spinning ones. Or, the solemn
person is in the ultimate (border), the ultimate resident in the boundary, the
ultimate resident in the realm, the ultimate resident in the fun, the ultimate
resident in the past, the ultimate dweller in life, the ultimate live in life
Staker, Standing in Reincarnation Ultimate, Stater in Reincarnation Ultimate,
Stand in Rotating Ultimate, Staker in Line Ultimate, Stater with Last, Stater
with Last Gathered (Body), Last Body The solemness.

"This is his last, this is the last gathering (body),

Life and death reincarnation, without his regeneration.

For this reason, the solemnist is a coderer of the law. "Decider", the four
sacred paths are called the decision, and the "four sacred shrine" is the
decider who has reached, fully reached, reached, reached, reached, and testified
to the decision. The decision has been reached. "Diligent", diligent is called
vitality, that is the heart of vitality to inspire, diligent, hard work, hard
work, hard work, hard work, fortitude, firm heart, not loose brave state, do not
give up the willful state, no Neglecting the state of responsibility, the
support of responsibility, vitality, vitality, vitality, positive improvement.
The solemn person arrives (with), fully arrived (with), entered, fully entered,
fully enough, fully sufficient, with this diligence, so that the unconscious
person is diligent." The coderer, decider and diligent of the law should be
alone like the horn of rhino.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"The exterminator who desires for love, and those who do not relax, the wise,
the mundensies, and the

The discoveries of the law, the deciders, and diligent, should be alone as rhino
horns."

157. if the lion is not afraid of sound, such as the wind is not adhered to the
     net,

If the red lotus is not contaminated with water, it should be like a rhinoceros
horn alone.

"If the lion is a person who is not afraid of the voice": "If the lion beast is
not afraid of voice, no fear, no fear, no fear, no fear, no fear, no fear, no
fear, not afraid, not afraid, not frightened, not frightened, not frightened,
not frightened The person who does not flee, the one who does not fear the
voice, the one who is not afraid of the voice, the person who does not fear,
does not frighten, does not fear, no fear, no fear, no fear, not frightening,
not frightening, not frightening, not fleeing And dwelt in fear of having cut
off terror, has left hair erected. For such as the lion is not afraid of the
voice.

"Such as the wind is not adhered to the net": "Wind", wind of the east, the wind
of the west, the wind of the north, the wind of the south, the wind with dirt,
dirt free wind, cold wind, hot wind, small wind, great wind, Rapid wind„ÄÅSide
wind„ÄÅGoldwingbird wind„ÄÅWind of Dora leaves„ÄÅFan windÔºåNet is called rope net„ÄÇ
Such as the wind is not glued, not captured, not tied, not tied, not tied all
over, there are two kinds of nets: thirst love net and see net... (medium) This
is the net of love... This is the net. For the monosithic sense of thirst love
net has been cut off, the net has been dismissed, to the state of thirst love
net has been cut off, the state of the net has been dismissed, the monoist is
not adhered to in the color, not adhered to the sound ... (middle) in the ways
to see, smell, feel, be able to be knowledge are not sticky, not captured, not
bound, not bound all over, has departed, left, liberated, has been bound, he has
been restricted Heart and live." Such as wind is not adhered to the net.

"Red lotus is not contaminated with water": "Red lotus is called red lotus,
water (Toya) is called water (udaka), such as the red lotus with water is not
contaminated, not strongly contaminated, not closely contaminated Contamination,
no strong contamination, is not closely contaminated, the same, there are two
kinds of adhesion: [because] love adhesion and [because] see... (medium) This is
the adhesion of thirsty love... (medium) This is the adhesion of see. For the
eloquent person, the adhesion of thirst has been cut off, the adhesion of see
has been dismissed, the state of the severed adhesion of thirst, the state of
the adhesion of see has been dismissed, the monoceness person does not stick in
color , not sticking on the sound... (medium) seen, heard, felt, can be
knowledge of the law is not contaminated, not strong, not closely contaminated,
no pollution, has not been polluted, no strong pollution, has not been closely
contaminated. He has departed, departed, liberated, and has been bound, and he
dwelt away from the restrained heart. For those who are not contaminated with
water, they should be like rhinoceros horns alone.

Because of that, the unconscious.says:

"If the lion is not afraid of the voice, such as the wind is not adhered to the
net,

If the red lotus is not contaminated with water, it should be alone like a rhino
horn."

158. if the lion beast king is a powerful tooth, a man of oppression and
     victory,

Edges should be used, and should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

"If the Lion Beast is a powerful tooth, is a forceful man of oppression and
victory": "If the Lion Beastmaster is a powerful tooth, a tooth as a weapon, in
everything that falls into the beast, it wins, defeats, overshoots, ends, Crush,
live, act, turn, guard, make survival, make survival. The unrighteous person is
also a powerful man, a weapon of wisdom, in all the people who become a living,
he defeated, overwhelmed, ended, crushed, lived, acted, turned, guarded, made to
survive, make Survive." For such as the Lion Beast King is a powerful tooth, is
the oppression, after the victory of the doer.

"Should use edge residence": "such as the lion beast king into the forest,
deserted forest, live, move, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival, so
that they are also used forest, wilderness, border residence (sit-in) : Less
voice, quiet, away atmosphere, people alone, suitable for sitting alone; He
[alone,] walking alone, standing alone, sitting alone, lying alone, alone in
order to go into the village [, go alone] Alone return, sitting alone, alone,
alone, live, act, turn up, guard, make survival, make survival." In order to use
a borderland accommodation, you should be alone like a rhinoceros horn.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"If the Lion and Beast King is a powerful tooth, a man of oppression and
victory,

A borderland accommodation should be used, and should be alone like a rhino
horn."

159. timely do, mercy, mercy, joy, calm relief,

The people who are not opposed to all the world should be alone as rhinoceros horns.

"Do in time, mercy, compassion, joy, calm relief": "The unconscious person lives
with the heart of one side, like this second party, like this third party, like
this, the fourth party, like this, up and down like this , horizontal,
everywhere, for everything as to oneself, with the heart of compassion, with the
vast, outstanding, no resentment, no resentment, no malicious heart throughout
the world and live. Travel with the heart of sorrow... (medium) to travel with
joy... (medium) to travel with the heart of peace... with the vast, outstanding,
unresentless, no resentment, no malice throughout the world and live." To do it
in time, mercy, mercy, joy and calm relief.

"Not opposed by all worlds": In a state of mercy, whosoever beasts in the East
are not rebellious, and all the beasts in the West... All the beings in the
middle of the East... all in the middle of the West... all in the middle of the
North... all in the middle of the South... all that are underneath... all that
is above... The creations of all sides are not rebellious; in a state of sorrow,
in a state of joy in which they have been practiced... to calm the state of
study, and all the creations in the East are not rebellious... They are not
rebellious to the creations of all sides. "Not opposed by all worlds": "Not by
all world opponents, adversaries, angry, counters." For those who are not
opposed to all worlds, they should be alone as rhinoceros horns.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"In a timely manner, mercy, mercy, joy, peace and relief,

"The people who are not opposed to all the world should be alone as rhino
horns."

160. cut off the greedy, after breaking the knot,

The ones who are not afraid when their lives are exhausted should be alone like
a horn of rhino.

"Break off greedy": "greedy", that is greedy, lust (total greedy)... (medium)
greedy, greedy, bad root. "", that is the anger of the heart, hostility...
(medium) brutal anger, anger, heart displeasure. "Mischievous", ignorance in
bitter... (medium) unknown fence, bad roots. "After discarding greedy": "The
eloquent person greedy deed off, after abandoning, after deportation, after the
end, so that it went to the absence of." After discarding greedy.

"After breaking the knot": there are ten kinds of knot: to be corrupt, evil
knot... (medium) unknown knot. "After breaking the knot": "Ten kinds of chitas
broken, broken, completely broken, cut off, after removal, after the end of the
end, so that it went to the absence." After breaking all the knot.

"The one who is not afraid when life is exhausted": "The unrighteous person inAt
the end of life is a person who is not afraid [, who does not fear all the
time], does not fear, does not fear, no fear, no fear, not frightened, not
frightened, not frightened, do not flee, dwelt in the fear of having cut off
terror „ÄÅHas left hair erected„ÄÇ" For those who do not fear when their lives are
exhausted, they should be alone like a horn of rhino.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"After discarding greedy, break the knot,

The ones who are not afraid when their lives are exhausted should be alone like
a horn of rhino."

161. They are close to and serve for reasons of interest, and friends who have
     no reason are difficult to obtain today.

People who are unnetted have their own interests, should be like rhinoceros horns
alone.

"They are close and served by reason of interest": "For reasons of their own
interests, for reasons of the interests of others, for reasons of both
interests, in the interests of life, reasons of the future interest, in the
supreme interest Reason, they are close, dedicated (completely close), serve,
make (down), communicate (full service), follow (towards serving)." Close and
serve them for good reasons.

"A friend for no reason is difficult to get today": "Friends", there are two
kinds of friends: friends at home and friends who go home (Cambodia version)...
(medium) This is a friend at home... Friends. "Friends without reason are
difficult to get today": "These two kinds of no reason, no reason, no reason, no
reason, no reason friends are difficult to get." It is difficult to get today
for a friend for no reason.

"Unnetted people have the wisdom of their own interests": "The Wisdom of their
own interests", "For their own interests, their own cause, their own reasons,
their own reasons, they are close, devotion (complete close), service, and make
up (Serving down), socializing (full service), following (toward service),
deeds, good deeds, respect, inquiries, questions." Wisdom for your own benefit.
"Unnet man", "has an unnet body" is unnet; "has an unnetted body" is unnet; "has
unnetted intentions" is an unnet person; unnetted killing... (medium) unnetted
Giving and taking... unnetted evil... unnetted vain... with unnetted offensive
words... with unnet unnetted vicious words... with unnet greed... "with unnet
evil." for the unnetted; "have unnetted evil" is unnet; "has an unnet mind
(intent)" is unnet; "has unnetted hope" is unnet; "have unnetted desires" is
unnetted The unclean is the unnet; the inferior, the despicable, the inferior,
the low, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior, the inferior.
For those who are unnetted have their own interests.

"Should be alone like a horn of rhino": "Alone", the solemn senser is alone in
the name of the family... (medium) "should be", there are eight kinds of
lines... (medium) "like rhinoceros horn", like rhinoceros The angle is indeed
separate... (medium slightly)." For it should be like a rhinoceros horn alone.

Because then, the eloquent person said,

"They are close to and serve for good reasons, and friends who have no reason
are difficult to get today,

People who are unnetted have their own interests, and should be alone like a
horn of rhino."

Fourth product [Completed].

The description of the rhinoceros horn is complete.

"Aydor, Shemalereh, and Fullounagh and

And Dudagot, Ubossi, Nanda and Black Margar.

Du fell Asia, Ge Bo two, and Xianzhi's Ruo Du

And Bodo Wuda, Youtua, and forced salad Brahmen.

The clever Mo Luo, with the Great Sin Binchia,

To these sixteen, as the teachings of Brahmen.

As explained by the other side, they are only so many,

The same is the description of the horn of rhino.

The two kinds of instructions should know, have successfully worked the
difference."

The small interpretation classic has been completed.





Excerpt:

1. the second begging, heart is not bound by the home of the cloth: repair four
   Zen cut off love and chasm, probe all too sick.

2. not afraid: the sound and at the end of the end (broken bad bad bad knots).

3. repair four without heart: not to be opposed by all the world.

4.37 products are known as the law, guarding the root door, diet know the right
amount, specializing in sober, reading and mindfulness is known as the law.

12/10/2020 11:17

