2. Questions asked by Brahmin students

9. [Like this, Low She Venerable Maitreya:]  Who in the world is contented? For whom is
there no wavering? Who will not be contaminated (persuaded??) in the middle after considering
both sides? Who do you say is a "big man"? Who here surpassed the tailor? (??)

"Who here in the world is contented": "Who is the contented person,
the satisfied person, one whose intentions are complete?"
world?" This is what is meant by "who in the world is contented".

"[Like this]": ""Like this", the continuation of the
sentences; the connection of the words; the completion of the sentences; the
combination of words; this is the order of the
sentence, which is "like this". "Venerable", this is a synonym of love, respect,
and obedience. It is "Venerable." "Low She", the name, name, title,
security of the brahmin, titles, words, phrases.
"She Maitreya", the Brahman's surname, name, title, and common
name." So:[Like this Venerable Low She Maitreya].

"For whom there is no wavering": "The wavering of love, the wavering of sight,
the wavering of sloth, the wavering of pollution, the wavering of desire, for
whom these waverings do not exist, are not known, have been cut off,
calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, and burned by the fire of wisdom." For
whom there is no wavering.

"Who has tested both sides": "Who is, after testing knowledge
on both sides, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after
separating, after clarifying." Who has tested both sides.

"After consideration, there will be no contamination in the middle": "After
consideration, is not contaminated in the middle, no longer contaminated, no
close contaminants. He has been separated, has left, has been
freed, has been liberated from the bondage, and he has departed, and dwelt
without a restrained heart." After consideration, there is no contamination in
the middle.

"Who do you say is a "big man"": "A big man is "the highest person, the most
victorious person, the winner, the first, the top." Who do you say, Who are you
telling, who are you talking about." Who is a "big man" for you?

"Who has surpassed the tailor here": "Who arrived here, conquered
the tailor, thirst for love, has passed, crossed, overcome." For who surpassed
the tailor here?

Because of that, the Brahmin said:

"[Like this Venerable Maitreya:] Who is the contented person in the world here?
For whom is there no wavering?
Who will not be contaminated in the middle after consideration?
Who do you say is a "big man"? Who surpassed the tailor here?"

10. [Buddha: "Milere"] Among the desires, there are Brahmans who are always
mindful and detached from desire. After taking into account this extinguished
Bhikkhu, for him there is no wavering.

"There are Brahmans among the desires": ""Desire", there are two kinds of
desires from the eulogy (praise??): the desire of things and the desire of pollution...
(abbreviated) these are called the desires of things... these are
called the desire for pollution. Brahma is called separation, abstinence,
withdrawal, renunciation, departure, inaction, no offense, and no transgression
from non-rectification, etc. Or, with no difference, Brahman is called the eight
branches of the holy path, namely: right view, right will, right speech, right
karma, right life, right diligence, right thoughts, right concentration. Those
who have fully possessed, entered, walked in, these eight holy paths, he is
called a brahman. For example, he is
called a "property person" by property; he is called a person with wealth; he is
called a person with reputation; and he is called a person with technology.
Skilled people; precepts are called “precepts”; one with vigor is called a “vigorous one”;
ones with wisdom are called “wise ones”; in the same way, anyone
who possesses, fully possesses ... these eight noble paths, he is called a
brahman." It is a brahman in all desires.

_____CHECKPOINT_____

""Milere", the Blessed One calls the Brahman by his surname. "Blessed One", this
is a respectful synonym... (abbreviated) Anri (pseudonym) who testified, that
is, the Blessed One." is [World Zun: "Milere!"].

"Always have thoughts and detach from the one who thirsts for love": "The thirst
of "thirst for love" is the thirsty of the Dhamma. For him the thirst for love
has been cut off, cut off, and calmed down , Halted, unable to arise, burned by
the fire of wisdom, he is called the one who thirsts away, the one who abandons
the thirst, the one who eliminates the thirst, the one who releases the thirst,
the one who dies off the thirst, the one who renounces the thirst Those who are
greedy, those who abandon greed, those who exclude greed, those who free
themselves from greed, those who renounce greed, those who renounce greed, those
who do not hunger and thirst, those who have cooled, those who have become cool,
those who feel happy, those who regard themselves as Brahman And live."Always",
always; everything; all the time; always; eternal time; always and constantly;
continuously; uninterrupted; successively; water waves arise without intervals;
continue to be accompanied by touching them; in Before noon, afternoon, first
night, midnight, and after night; settle in the black moon, bright moon, rainy
season, winter, summer; in youth, middle age, and old age. The "mindful person
(of)" is mindful in four ways: when the practice is mindful when the body is
mindful, when the practice is mindful and mindful, when When practicing
mindfulness and mindfulness in the mind, it is mindful, and when practicing
mindfulness and mindfulness in the Dhamma, it is mindful... (omitted) He is
called mindful. "He who is always mindful and thirsty for love.

"The extinguished monk after consideration": "After consideration, it is called
wisdom. It is wisdom, understanding, simple selection, investigation...
(abbreviated) no delusion, choice, right view. "After consideration", after
consideration, know After, after understanding, after measurement, after
judgment, after separation, after clarification: "All activities are
impermanent" after consideration, after knowing, after understanding, after
measurement, after judgment, after separation, after clarification; It’s
bitter"... (omitted) "All Dhamma is non-self"... "Affected by ignorance"... "Any
collection of Dhamma is an extinction of Dhamma" After considering, knowing,
understanding, and weighing, After judgement, after separation, after
clarification.

Or, [see] after the consideration of impermanence, after knowing... (omitted),
it is suffering... it is diseased... it is tumor... it is arrowed... (omitted)
is after the consideration, after knowing , After understanding, after
measuring, after judging, after separating, after clarifying. "Extinguished",
greedy makes the state of being extinguished is extinguished; abusive makes the
state of being extinguished is extinguished; ignorant makes the state of being
extinguished is extinguished; angry...hateful...hiding evil ... bossy...
jealous... stingy... fake... cunning... stubborn... passionate... slow...
extremely slow... slow... let go... everything Polluted...all evil...all
troubles...all hot troubles...all heat (torture)...all unwholesome contrived
ones make the state of being extinguished. "Bhikkhu", the destroyed state of the
Seven Dhamma is a Bhikkhu... (omitted) The one who has been completed and the
one who has been destroyed is a Bhikkhu. "After consideration for the
extinguished monk.

"There is no wavering for him": "For him", for the Arahat; for the one who has
exhausted his troubles. "Shake", the shake of craving, the shake of seeing, the
shake of slow, the shake of pollution, the shake of desire, for him these shakes
do not exist, do not exist, are not known, are not discovered, and have been cut
off , Cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable to arise, burned by the fire of
wisdom. 』Because there is no wavering for him.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"[World Zun: "Miracle!"] Among the desires, there are Brahmans, who are always mindful and detached from thirsting,

has been extinguished. After considering it, there is no wavering for him. "

11. After he knows on both sides, he considers it and does not contaminate in the middle,

I said he was a "big man", and he surpassed the tailor here. [AN.6.61]

"After he knows on both sides, after considering it, he will not be contaminated
in the middle": "side", touch is one side, touch set is the second side, touch
is in the middle; the past is one side, the future is the second side, and now
is in the middle; Pleasure is on one side, suffering is the second side, and no
suffering and unhappy is in the middle; name is one side, form is the second
side, consciousness is in the middle; the six inner places are one side, and the
six outer places are the second side, and consciousness is in the middle. In the
middle; the body is one side, the body set is the second side, and the body
disappears in the middle. After consideration, it is called wisdom, which is
wisdom, understanding... (abbreviated) no delusion, choice of law, right view.

"Adhesion": There are two kinds of adhesion: [Because] the adhesion of eagerness
and [cause] the adhesion of seeing... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of
craving... (Omitted) This is the adhesion of seeing . What is craving adhesion?
All are called boundaries, realms, scopes, borders, grasped, and are treated as
one's own: this is mine, this is mine, so many are Mine, this area is mine; [my]
color, sound, smell, taste, touch, things on the ground, coats, maids and male
servants, goats and sheep, chickens and pigs, elephants, cows and Horses, mules,
horses, fields, homesteads, gold, gold coins, villages, towns, capitals, places,
treasuries, warehouses, all the land, because they are thirsty and regard them
as their own, all 108 thirsty trends As far as [AN.4.199] is concerned, this is
the adhesion of craving.

What is the adhesion of seeing? There are twenty people who rely on the body to
see, ten people who rely on the wrong view, and ten people who rely on the side
see, all the views, evil views, jungle views, and deserts like thisThe grasping,
acceptance, clinging, clinging to the view, the distorted view, the wavering
view, the bound view, the evil way, the evil way, the evil nature, the place
where the outside way depends, the clasping and inversion of the inversion
(vipariyesa) The grip of (viparīta), the grip of reversal (vipallāsa), the grip
of evil, the grip of "in the unreal [see] the real", all come to the sixty-two
evil views, this It's sticky.

"After he knows on both sides, after consideration, he is not contaminated in
the middle": "He is not contaminated after considering, after knowing, after
knowing, after understanding, after weighing, after judging, after separating,
after clarifying , Not dyed, not dyed, not dyed, not completely dyed, not dyed,
detached, detached, detached, detached from the bondage, he lives with the heart
of detachment and limitation ." After he learned about it on both sides, after
considering it, he did not contaminate in the middle.

"I said he is a "big man"": "A man is the highest person, the most victorious
person, the victorious person, the first person, the highest person, the first
person, the top person. I call him, I tell He, I talk about him, I explain him,
I talk about him.

Venerable Sariputta said to the Blessed One: "Great Virtue! Known as "a man, a
man", great virtue! What situation is a big man? ""Sariputra! I say that those
who are free from the heart are "big husbands"; I say those who are not free are
"non-husbands."

Sariputta! How to be free? Sariputta! Here, the bhikkhu lives in his own body to
observe the body, zeal, righteous knowledge, and thoughtfulness, and can
moderate the greed and worry about the world. When he lives in the body to
observe the body, the mind is free from staining, and he is not clinging.
Freedom from all defilements; on receiving...(slightly omitted) on the
heart...living on the Dhamma and watching the Dhamma, zealous, righteous, and
mindful, can moderate the greed and worry about the world when he lives on the
Dhamma When following the Dhamma, the mind is free from the defilements, and
free from all defilements without clinging. Sariputta! In this way, the bhikkhu
has the heart to be free. Sariputta! I say that those who are free from the
heart are "big husbands"; I say those who are not free are "non-husbands". "For
me, he is a "big man."

"He surpassed the tailor here": "The tailor is called craving, which is greed,
greed (complete greed)... (abbreviated) greed, greed, and unwholesome roots. For
him, this tailor, thirst Love is cut off, cut off, calmed down, stopped, unable
to arise, burned by the fire of wisdom, he has surpassed, conquered the tailor,
thirst for love, has passed, has passed, has been overcome." Here is beyond him.
A tailor.

Because of that, the Lord said:

"After he knows on both sides, he considers not to contaminate in the middle,

I said he is a "big man", he surpassed the tailor here. "

At the same time as the verse ends, for those who live with the same intention,
same endeavor, same intention, and same dwelling place as the Brahman, the
distant dust and dhamma eyes of thousands of living things arise: "Any
collection of dhammas is an extinction." The mind of a brahmin is free from all
defilements by not clinging. Along with reaching the realm of Arahat, sheepskin
clothing, knotted hair, bark clothing, sticks, long-mouthed water bottles, hair
and beards disappeared, becoming bald, robes, cloth clothes, overcoats, bowls,
and clothes. Respect the Blessed One, sit down: "Dade! The Blessed One is my
teacher and I am a disciple."

The explanation asked by the Brahmin of the Maitreya student of the low She
Maitreya is the second [completed].




Summary:
1. Those who are not contaminated on both sides and in the middle surpass the tailor (= thirsty).
2. Those who have extinguished (= attaining Nirvana) are always mindful and thirsty.
10/17/2020 15:05
