\newpage

# Introduction

The Niddesa is an ancient part of the Pāli Canon, the traditional texts of
Theravāda Buddhism, from the Khuddaka Nikāya (the 'small' or 'miscellaneous'
collection) in the Sutta Piṭaka (the basket of discourses). It is a commentary
on parts of the Sutta Nipāta (section of suttas), and is attributed to Venerable
Sāriputta (Pāli; Sanskrit Śāriputra), though was likely finalized a few hundred
years after his death. There are two parts:

* The Mahā Niddesa (Nd 1), a commentary on the Atṭḥaka Vagga (Sn 4)
* The Cūlạ Niddesa (Nd 2), a commentary on the Pārāyana Vagga (Sn 5) and the
    Khaggavisānạ Sutta (Rhinoceros Sutta, Sn 1.3)

While this text is a commentary on sections of the Sutta Nipāta, there's no need
to be familiar with that work first, as the verses commented on are translated
here.

## About This Translation

There has never been a complete English language translation before. After
asking around online, I got [an
answer](https://buddhism.stackexchange.com/a/43712/19522) that pointed me to a
Sinhala translation; I also later found a Chinese translation. Not knowing
Sinhala or Chinese, I automated translations using a bit of code, and took these
translations and wrangled them into this edition. As the work progressed I
referenced Pāli Romanizations more and more, with the help of some dictionaries,
so this translation is a combination of the translation from the Chinese and
Pāli, with some occasional help from the translation from the Sinhala. There
will likely be many errors, inaccuracies, and inconsistencies in this early
version, but it will improve with time.

This translation prefers Pāli over Sanskrit terms (dhamma vs. dharma, kamma vs.
karma, etc.). If you're used to the Sanskrit terms — to paraphrase Engels,
changing the words we use a bit won't change the things themselves. The Chinese
variously translates Bhagavā as _Lord_, _World-Honored One_, and _Blessed One_,
and other English translations will also sometimes just write _Bhagavāt_; I've
chosen to use _Blessed One_ because I like the feel of it.

For readability, I have omitted and abbreviated some stock passages which are
repeated verbatim, as well as concluding sentences of each paragraph when they
simply repeat the first sentence, and concluding repetitions after the
explanation of each verse. Without these omissions, the book would be at least
twice as long as it is now.

Included verse numbers are numbers of the verses as presented in the two parts
of the Niddesa itself. Including separate verse numbers for each sutta, their
places in the Sutta Nipāta, and/or chapter their chapters, would lead to a
confusing mess, so I've chosen to omit them. Most of the suttas are less than
twenty verses, so correlating verses between the Niddesa and different
translations of the Sutta Nipāta should be straightforward for the reader.

References to other texts were primarily added in the Chinese version and are in
square brackets using common abbreviations (DN, Jat., etc.); statements of who
is speaking a given stanza are also in square brackets; I have put comments,
clarifications, and marks of unclear passages in parentheses.

## Credits and Licenses

### Text

The Chinese was translated by [Zhuang
Chunjiang](https://agama.buddhason.org/Ni/Ni1.htm). The Sinhala was translated
by A. P. de Zoyza and hosted by [Sutta
Central](https://github.com/suttacentral/sc-data/tree/5c060c479f4cb17a0891011d57d4933c81918ead/html_text/si/pli/sutta/kn).
Two Romanizations of the Pāli were used, one from [Sutta
Central](https://github.com/suttacentral/legacy-suttacentral-data/tree/384ab0b63a521946cddb343319ac6c325dd2fb27/text/pi/su/kn)
and one from [Tipitaka.org](https://tipitaka.org/). I relied most heavily on one
of the automated translations from the Chinese and the Pāli version from
Tipitaka.org.

In addition, the translations of the Sutta Nipāta by Viggo Fausböll and Bhikkhu
Bodhi have been valuable references (if I had known about Bhikkhu Bodhi's
translation before starting this project, I may have never committed to it!), as
well as various Pāli dictionaries.

### Software

The initial translations were automated using [Python](https://www.python.org)
and paid online services. This translation was edited in
[Markdown](https://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/) using
[vim](https://www.vim.org) and built with [Pandoc](https://pandoc.org/),
initially using [this project](https://github.com/wikiti/pandoc-book-template)
(MIT licensed) as a template. The typeface is
[Cardo](https://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/cardo) (SIL v1.10 licensed). The
project itself is managed using [Git](https://git-scm.com). Original code used
in this project is licensed LGPL-3.0.

### License

This translation is licensed under the [Creative Commons
Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0
International](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/) license. This
means you are free to copy and redistribute this work, as well as make changes,
as long as you provide attribution (give credit back to this work) and share
your changes under the same license. It would be preferable to always link back
to [the source](https://github.com/zacanger/niddesa) rather than distributing
your own copies which may get out of date. Under this license you may not use
this translation for commercial purposes (you can't sell it). See the link for
the full version of the license.

\newpage
